this is just as a note that a new hotel has openned up in the same building as the Accelerators International Hotel. The new hotel is called the Sunny Day Hotel -the second hotel of this name in HK. The other one is in Reclaimation St in Mongkok. The telephone number of the Sunny Day Hotel is different -I am not sure at this stage whether the Accelerators has been renovated and had its name changed or whether the Sunny Day hotel is a new hotel coincidentially in the same building .

i stayed last week in this hotel with a group of 7 from mainland China , and we 've traveled all over the world and I found this hotel to be one of the worst I 've experienced. The beds are like sleeping on the floor ! We asked for extra bed covers to soften it , and although they were nice enough to supply them , they were so dirty , uggh ! , and it did n't help much. When we had one too many people and had to book an extra room at the desk they jacked the price to over 800 dollars for a room with no windows. We wanted to change hotels because we were not satisfied and they refused to shorten our reservation , they were so unhelpful and not very friendly to their customers ! The owner must be some real hardcore businessman , but very shortsighted if he wants to keep in business long. We also had a call from thieves to our rooms phishing , and pretending to be a friend of a friend... so strange this stay .

at first im quite so hesitant to choose this hotel coz i was checking on the internet and it gave me a hard time to surf where this hotel was and how it looks like. But I had no choice coz my sister was the one who got the package and it will be difficult for me to travel back and forth to the agency for any changes that i had to make. When we arrived at the corner street , the bus driver just pointed to us the hotel. At first i cant see where the hotel sign coz it was really so small that you thought that its just a sign board of a store. Then you can see a small entrance something like one and a half meter wide and stairs going on a second floor. If you have a lot of baggages , for sure youre the only one who have to carry that all the way on the second floor. Nobody will carry ur baggages. Then at the front desk , my goodness , the staff cant understand english that much. Its very difficult to communicate with them specially if u have some problems that u have to tell them. Its good theres an elevator , i think up to 14th or 15th floor , but my gosh , in one floor they have only 5 rooms. And when you enter the room , my kids started to lay down but their bed was so hard...really hard. The bed are not so soft and comfortable to sleep. But i have no choice but to stay there , im telling them my problem but they dont understand. I dont know if they really dont understand or they just trying to ignore my complaints. Even the staff of 7 eleven at the corner of this hotel , theyre not so hospitable. They dont even try to help tourist what they want in their store. As if , if you want to buy go ahead and if not no problem.. .

