room is clean and modern , location is good and safe. Cost - I was charged HKD $ 500 per night - good for this area of Kowloon. Recommand for Single - male or female or young couple , on a budget. Would recommend Evergreen Hotel first though .

was the Mingle , now the Acesite Knutsford , so some aspects of the old reviews may not apply. I 've stayed here many times on business , both before and after the management change. Yes , the rooms are very small and there is a short steep hill to walk up if you arrive on foot. Neither of these bother me a bit - you may feel differently. The rooms are clean and modern. You can select tracks from their big CD collection to play in your room. Choice of WiFi or broadband in every room - it is a good quality connection at no extra charge. The new management seems to have cut costs - gone are the two helpful Indian gentlemen who would assist and get to know you - replaced by a couple of sleepy security guards who do n't seem to know you are there. That was a loss. Otherwise , for the money , this is a good place to stay .

we secured this room last minute on wotif.com and although we were trying to be conservative with our pennies , for $ 130 HKD/ 1 night we were extremely disappointed and it was definitely not value for money. I cant say I 'm highly savvy when it comes to technology but even I could tell that this claim to being Asia 's most technically advanced hotel was an absolute JOKE !

we booked the room last minute online and got a good price ; in fact , it was the best price available in Kowloon or HK Island .

this place is about as high-tech as The Flintstones ! Very disappointing and certainly NOT what the website or brochure which they are cheeky enough to have on the front desk promises .

if this had been the main feature of our holiday Id be very disappointed. Pricewise it was reasonable but I was glad we didnt have to pay the hotels advertised price. In short , most of the things that made this hotel sound great , were either broken or missing altogether. Here 's a rundown :

we 're in the middle of a typhoon so we had to stay an extra day because all flights were cancelled. Mingle Place jacked up our hotel rate. They doubled it. It 's bad enough that we are trapped during the storm. We begged the concierge Karen to help us and she said there 's nothing they can do. Needless to say , we wo n't be staying here again .

my partner and I were very curious about the &quot ; worlds first techotel&quot ; and expected to be blown away. The hotel was hard to find and situated in a back alley which we thought was unusual and upon asking for directions we found out that it was not well known by the local stores and hotels. If you have luggage , get dropped off at the door for sure. Location is convenient , Service is friendly especially the guy at the lift. Room albeit small is clean and comfortable. The frosted glass shower certainly would create problems for friends or colleagues. No finger printing , customized music or TV in the shower so that was a bit dissapointing. I think the room would be fine if it was n't oversold in the advertising .

i was very excited about this hotel after reading about the high tech rooms. finger print entry , surround sound systems , some rooms having lcd screen in the shower . I was expecting a small room when I walked in I was shocked at how small it was ! but i guess thats hong kong for you. If you were staying with a friend here there is no privacy what so ever when your having a shower as all that separates the bedroom is a clear glass window/wall. The thousends of movies were great after a long day and there was a pool and a cool irish bar downstairs too. I could even listen to any radio station in the world from my tv ! Yes after reading the other reviews the hotel is situated on a hill , so if u have luggage get dropped right at the front , the hill is really steep ! a/c was lovely as the humidy was unbearable and temp got to 36 degrees ! would prob not stay here again as I would want to stay somewhere else for comparison would like to see if all hong kong hotels has such small rooms but location was great ! Staff very friendly too !

as a solo traveller I despaired at the prices of hotels in HK until I found Mingle Place. At less than half the cost of most places here its simply perfect .

i stayed here recently for four nights in a twin room 2 beds . The hotel is located in TST near the wedding boutiques on Kimberley Rd and very walkable from the TST MTR. It is situated uphill from Kimberley ; alternatively , you can use the Knutsford Terr. as a pass through from Nathan Rd. which maybe easier if your mobility is a concern. To get to the hotel , the easiest and fastest is to take the MTR Airport Express to Kowloon Station then take a cab to the hotel. Be sure to print the location of the hotel in Chinese or ask the driver for the Empire Hotel Kowloon , Mingle Place is uphill from this hotel .

very small rooms , 2 people and 1suitcase mad itt impossible to move . with hard beds , no privacy from bathroom - perspex. .

i stayed here with my girlfriend in March 2008. The location is very good , a short walk from the shops and restaurants along Nathan Rd and about 5 minutes walk from Tsim Sha Tsui station .

stayed in standard room and there is nowhere to store suitcases - in fact no room to store anything. Would not stay there again unless I was on my own and even then unlikely. Room however was clean and location was good .

we had been roving around the hotels in Hong Kong due to a hotel shortage. We could only get one or 2 nights in any place so I am quite well qualified to comment on hotels in HK - between the ones we did stay at and the ones we looked at but could n't get a room in I must have seen rooms at 10 different hotels .

actually is this my first night staying at this hotel and wanted to share what a surprise find this is. The rooms are definitely small , I could barely fit two pieces of luggage 1 medium &amp ; 1 large without blocking my only pathway to the door but I really like how its clean !

my Daughter and I stayed at the Mingle for 3 nights. At first it felt a bit weird as the rooms are so small , but when you get used to it and see all the great stuff they have packed into the room it is really well designed .

we stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in deluxe. The room was ok , not too big but also not too small. The staff was quite nice and the service center was very helpful and attend our problem , which was quite a few. The location of the hotel was great , it 's located near a lot of restaurants , shopping places , and there 's a good money changer that offered quite a good price for US $ , it 's also near an MTR just a walk around the block .

location is excellent - right in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsui within 5 mins walk to the MTR station !

i stayed at Mingle Place from 26 June for 7 nights. The hotel is situated in Observatory Court which is the road opposite the Stanford Hillview hotel which not all taxi drivers are aware of. This hotel is a boutique style hotel with rooms featuring LCD panel televisions , fingerprint recognition technology for the room doors mine did n't work and was issued with a door card , air conditioning. Please be aware that the single rooms are very compact , particularly the bed which was just about long enough for me I 'm 5ft 8in ! Bed linen was clean but the blanket thin but heavy given the hot and humid climate. Bath linen changed daily. The bathroom was similarly compact with a walk in shower and very small sink. The room was made up every day although I noticed that the mirror panels in the room were never dusted down. Tea making facilities are provided and there is a small fridge under the token storage space area for hanging your clothes. The room boasts wireless networking , but the signal strength was consistently poor and non-existent and I gave up trying to connect at times although a network cable was provided results equally poor . Staff were efficient and courteous but did not really go that &quot ; extra mile&quot ; .

