i booked this hotel on Travelocity. It was the cheepest at the time and I just needed to stay in Mong Kok , Hong Kong. I was reluctant because the cheapest option was a single room with a communal bathroom and showers .

interesting little gem , sandwiched in Kowloon fairly close to local shops and amneties such as local parks and library to use free net .

i would strongly recommend this hotel to anybody who ' travelling on a tight budget and does n't want to spend too much on accommodation.In one line the YWCA Anne Black is &quot ; FULL VALUE FOR MONEY&quot ; .

do not expect luxury. It is a budget hotel. Location is acceptable , MTR station is 10 minute-walk. Rooms are old , but clean and has fridge. Bed was very hard ! Overall not bad , but i think there is better places in HK .

i stayed there 7 nights on the last floor in single room. Bed is indeed like a concrete , but i lake hard beds anyway it is good for back muscles . I usually ate the breakfast in the hotel cafeteria , was OK for the price around 30 HKD . Distance to the Yaumatei MTR is about 1km for me it took 15minutes . There are a ton of eating places with only local people and with very good vibe. Of course , the noise during the night is quite strong when compared to the suburbs of Tallinn , Estonia and they use some kind of strange cleaning liquid bad smell sometimes . Hotel staff was very friendly. I recommend this hotel for anybody who is on the tight budget and likes to walk every day at least 10km .

the Anne Black was the first stop on my around-the-world trip and I instantly felt safe. I 'd booked a single room but somehow ended up with a twin on the 17th floor which was a bonus ! In terms of friendly reception service , there 's not a whole lot of that but the staff were reasonably helpful when required .

the Anne Black is about a 20 minute walk from three different MTR stations , including Mong Kok where there is all sorts of shopping on Sai Yeung Choi St S and the other markets .

i stayed at anne black for a night and a half last september of 08. ca n't quite remember which room it was. i had read an earlier review about the place possibly having bedbugs , but i ignored it since it seemed like it was written a while ago... but sure enough , while i was tossing and turning due to jetlag , i discovered several large and baby bedbugs climbing around the sheets. gross ~ ! they even crawled into my purse which i left next to my pillow. i complained immediately and they switched me to a room on the lower floors...same problem. i squashed a few of the bugs and blood squirted onto the sheets ! i should have taken the hint when i saw little brown stains on the white sheets. anyway , i checked out immediately around midnight and moved to the metropolitan right across the street. much better hotel , tho of course more expensive .

i 've stayed here 3 - 4 times. For the money , I found this to be a wonderful guest house. Great staff , super service , excellent , clean , and professional. Wonderful front office staff. Nice cafe ' on site. Plenty of small touches to make you feel at home. Good location. Right next to Mongkok 's library for email and web things. Comfortable , safe , clean .

my friend lives really close to this place in hong kong so i decided to book with this ywca since it would be the easiest way to meet up with her .

hi , Me and my friend visited Hong Kong last month for our fellowship exams. We stayed in Anne Blank YWCA for six days and five nights , and i would like to share my experience about the same .

have stayed in a single room , a very typical Hong Kong style of lodging , however sort of costly HK $ 880 per night for a single bed . Overall satisfied , checking in and out was fast. Location is good except for the up and down slope. No wireless access in room and there is only 2 channel provided. Boring in room. Foot reflexology services provided @ level 3 at competitive price but failed to try out due to time constraint. Cleanliness is great comparing some other HK hostel whereby blanket and towel could n't be used .

location   not bad...Budget ..nothing much to complain about...However , the only problem is the bed bugs. We had the unfortunate experience of having beaten by bed bugs in the hotel. However the hotel is doing routine pest control there. So its a balance of low budget..but a little risk. May not apply to all rooms. .

i was in Hong Kong mid of July 2008. Initially I booked a hostel to save money , but found a very good deal of YWCA through an online booking site. I stayed in Ann Black for 4 nights. The location was good , but you will need to walk a little bit to get to the MTR. It 's close to all the night markets , shops in Mongkok area. If you arrive in Airport , you can get to it by Airport bus A21 again , if you are traveling light , and willing to walk a bit . There is a direct bus transport from airport according to the hotel website if you are willing to pay more .

we checked in June 30 , 2008 and checked out July 4 , 2008. Over-all , our room was satisfactory. Spacious , clean and quiet. The rest room/bathroom was spacious too and clean with toiletries. The bed is okay with me. The room was cleaned daily. The grocery , bakery and bus stops are short walking distances from the hotel. The only downside is its distance to the MTR station which is a good 10-15 minutes walk. With the temperatures and humidity when we were there , those walks were something we did n't look forward to. If you want to check your emails , go to the Kowloon Public Library just around the corner and you can use their computers with internet access for free during office hours !

i can not believe the reviews on here ! I stayed here based on those. The room is basic , yes , but the bed is like it is made out of concrete - unsleepable on , the toilet fills up to the brim like it will overflow and the aircon is super noisy. I do n't mind hostels or roughing it but this place leaves a lot to be desired - also the traffic noise is annoying. I would pay a bit extra for somewhere that has a bed that can be slept on !

fantastic Hostel it was more like a UK 3star hotel with great breakfast and top location. Rooms were clean and spacious , no problems at all .

i stayed in this hotel during Chinese Lunar Year of 6 February until 8 February 2008.At first , I was very concerned on the cleanliness of the communal bathroom.However , it did not turned me down , I was very delighted that the bathrooms were very clean.The room and the facilities were all very simple.It was very satisfactory for an independent and tight budget traveller like me .

my previous stay in Hong Kong on a corporate expense account was at the Intercontinental , so when I had the chance to go there on my own money and on a very tight budget , I was dismayed to find that our only affordable option was a &quot ; Y&quot ; . Granted , the rooms are spartan , but we committed to a one week stay and they &quot ; upgraded&quot ; us. The rooms are clean with outdated furniture and the place could use a paint job. There is cable TV , working laundry facilities , and a restaurant that features live entertainment some nights. The place caters mainly to Chinese budget tourists and tour groups and backpackers from all over the world. The restaurant food wo n't knock you over , but it is okay and reasonably priced. This YWCA is located a short walk from a bus stop with all kinds of buses that will take you almost anywhere you would want to go. For other dining options , there are at least 4 bakeries at the bottom of the hill where the Y is located and the breakfast pastries are good. There is also a small , elegant French restaurant there where you can get a very good meal that wo n't hurt your wallet. Finally , for a good breakfast buffet , walk about 6 blocks down to the International YMCA - they offer a great buffet at a very affordable price .

as others have said the rooms are pretty basic , but we found them to be clean and comfortable .

the hotel is in a good location. Front desk staff are friendly but the restaurant/coffee shop staff , while efficient in providing service , are not so friendly compared to the front desk staff. Rooms are cleaned everyday but my wife and one of my sons had bug bites. It could probably be the comforters which may not have been changed daily .

rooms are very basic. The blinds could use replacing and the paint a bit of touching up , but it was clean and bright. I stayed in two rooms. One actually had a black and white TV ! There is a little less road noise on the side facing the main entrance of the guest house .

first of all : any overnight stop-overs ? If this is the case which was in mine , then take the airport express to kowloon quicker than going to central and this hotel is a cheap , quick taxi ride to get there .

the YWCA Anne Black House is probably the cheapest &quot ; real&quot ; hotel one can book in Hong Kong. It 's not a hostel or a guest-house nested inside a mixed-use building. Its location is n't as bad as it sounds , as long as you 're fine with using the frequent &amp ; clean buses. Two cross-harbor tunnel routes , many to Star Ferry , at least two to the New Territories. Walk to Yau Ma Tei or Mong Kok MTR in about 15 minutes .

