this is a large and very busy hotel , I found the service to be very good and the staff always helpful. The room was a reasonable size , clean and comfortable , my only complaint being given a smoking room. The breakfast is quite a large affair and includes a full buffet of cooked items , of which some can be a little cold , they also serve freshly cooked pancakes as well as very good made to order omelettes. The hotel is in a great location and I would gladly stay here again .

located beside Kowloon park. Lovely to walk around the park. Easy to walk around Kowloon from here. Pretty good breakfast. Very friendly staff- accomodated us with an earlt check-in. Plenty of restaurants nearby serving very tasty local food .

we booked a family room 2 bunk beds through DirectRooms.com on 24 Sept at HKD990 per night with American Breakfast and HKD770.50 per night without breakfast. We stayed at BP Intl on Nov 25-28 , 2009 .

good hotel not so good and bad either. A ncie place to stay if you planned to shop the whole day or go around .

it had been hard for us to find a suitable hotel for our family of four 2 adults , 2 children age 8 and 10 that was n't either too expensive or too far away from everything. Very few hotels in Hong Kong have rooms for more than 2 people and one extra bed â € “ it 's next to impossible to find anything with room for 4 persons. Two interconnecting rooms would have been an option , except that the Hong Kong hotels are so expensive - we could not afford two separate rooms. But the BP International has 4-person rooms available with bunk beds. All the standard rooms at the BP International are small and with two bunk beds it WAS a bit cramped , but it was quite cosy in its own right , and it worked well enough for us for the four nights we were there. We were on the 14th floor which I think is the lowest room floor. We had n't expected much of a view , but we could actually see the harbour from our room .

ok , the rooms are on the small side , but at least there is walking room all around the bed , there 's desk space with a chair , and space to store luggage out of the way. Anyway , when staying in a place like Hong Kong , there 's not the need for a large room , since you 're out most of the time .

we booked two rooms here Rooms 1136 and 1137 using my flight miles for one night just to get our bearings in Hong Kong. I booked this room based upon reading the other reviews on TripAdvisor. This hotel is easily accessed via the CityFlyer bus $ 33 HKD which drops you off near the Jordan MTR Prudential hotel/Prudential Center . It is about 3 blocks away from where the bus drops you off. The hotel is a bit north of the other hotels in the Tsim Sha Sui area and is on Austin Road just on the northern border of Kowloon Park. I booked the cheaper City View rooms , but was upgraded to two Harbor view rooms with excellent views of the Park and Victoria Harbor .

two other friends and I stayed here for a week from Nov. 6 to the 13th. We had two bunk beds shown in the picture , and although the room was small for 3 people , it was adequate enough , and it was an average size Hong Kong room. The girl at the front desk even upgraded us to a harbor view room as well. The rooms were clean , and the service was great. Going on vacation , these are the two qualities I look for in a hotel , because all I want is a clean place to sleep , while I explore the city. This hotel was under $ 100/night and was ideal for my stay .

we stayed for 2 nights. Small rooms - but ok - we don Â ´ t spent our time in the room anyway. The most important thing for us is that it is clean and has a nice location .

this is your typical Hong Kong hotel. It is well located at the top of Kowloon Park with direct access to all the attractions of Kowloon and Hong Kong Island

great location if you just want to break your journey and go shopping and especially to the night markets .

ca n't say enough about the location. Right off Nathan Road. About a 3 min walk to the MTR station. Staff very friendly and willing to help. The only drawback is , there 's no pool or fitness center. Otherwise , you 'll be pleasantly surprised. Great view of HK island from the room .

  MTR stations within 5 minutes walk Jordan and Austin . Nathan Road and all its shops round the corner ; Kowloon Park next door ; 15 minutes walk to the harbour front , Star Ferry terminal and Peninsula Hotel for afternoon tea ; 5 minutes to the Night Market ; 10 minutes to the Jade Market. Hotel clean ; staff helpful. Only had breakfast adequate but not as good as most in China so ca n't comment on restaurant for other meals. Restaurants in the immediate area inexpensive and varied. well worth using as a base .

after reviewing all the hotels in the tsim tsai tsui area through trip advisor , we decided to zero down on bp international house ...the hotel was very centrally located from bus stops , mtr jordan station , and the ferry terminal to macau..which are all just five minutes walk from the hotel...the hotel is very well done up...with a good lobby , supebd city view from the room , very clean room and a very clean bahtroom...though both a lilttle small. for a city like hong kong i would say this would be one of the good hotels having a great location , easily accebile to all modes of transport...in a very safe area...and the best for people who want to travel all throughout the city and crash in the nite. surely deserves a four star rating .

very Classy. The service was ok. I was on the 24th floor , the view was fantastic. Walking distance to the train station .

this hotel is located near Nathan Road. Just a few minutes walk is the MTR station. There is also a McDonald 's and a convenience store nearby. The room is small but clean with nice and clean bathrooms. TV in the room is also small but it 's cable TV. Shampoo , soap , toothbrush , shower caps and slippers are provided. The bed is OK. I recommend this hotel for budget travelers who do n't want to sacrifice comfort .

i had a 16-hour , overnight layover in HKG and just wanted a clean , safe place to sleep. The BP Int'l proved to be a delightful property , well located , clean and economical .

first impressions were that the rooms were quite small. However , the rooms were very clean. We stayed on one of the highest floors and had a great view overlooking the harbour. The hotel is in a good location , two MTR stations in easy walking distance , park lane shoppers boulevard one street away. The bathroom was better than any other hotels Ive stayed in - the shower is easy to use , good pressure , does not leak water onto the floor has glass doors rather than shower curtains and drains quickly. The beds are hard and pillows are not very comfortable. The broadband internet service is not reliable , we tried it twice and it only worked for an hour or so before dropping out - the staff could not figure out the problem and we still had to pay for it. There is no complementary bottled water which was disappointing as you ca n't drink the tap water. Also there was no room service menu , did n't follow this up but do n't think they offer it .

my first priority when I look for a hotel is it 's location &amp ; accessibility to a train station &amp ; the best thing about BP International is its location , 5 mins walking distance from the tsim sha tsui ferry pier , Nathan road , Jordan MTR station , Mc Donalds , Kowloon park &amp ; right opposite the hotel is a seven eleven shop which is open 24Hrs

a pleasant hotel. Got upgrade and free high speed internet access as client has a corporate account .

we had no problems at the BP House and found the staff to be helpful. The rooms are super clean and I liked the modern decor. They are small , but that seems to be the norm in Hong Kong .

staff were very un-co-operative if you werent Chinese. Extremely staff. very unhelpful on where to go and what to do. roadworks right outside hotel loby and unable to either understand or heart what hotel staff were saying. very poor standard. would never recommend this hotel to anyone.......... .

had a hard time finding a reasonably priced hotel in Hong Kong , but this was definately a great option on a central location ! We payed a little more for a room with a view and were n't disappointed ; could see a big part of the HK Island skyline ! Room is small but not cramped and very clean , with a minibar , television and a nice bathroom. No breakfast is included. On the day we left , we could leave our luggage in the lobby all day free of charge , next to the big portrait of sir Baden Powell .

  impression is surprisingly good with free shuttle service at Kowloon station via airport express , no hassle with large luggage and young children. Walking distance to some of the most famous local food stall and the MTR brings you directly to Disneyland. Definitely worth it. Not forgetting , it is just next to a park which gives you a greener view in the heart of Kowloon

with the courtesy bus from Kowloon station , getting to the hotel is easy. It only takes 5mins to Jordan station &amp ; Nathan Road , and walking distances to many other sights. I was given the room on Level 19 with views out to the harbour &amp ; it was great ! ! Room &amp ; toilet decently sized. Only complain was the internet connection - I paid for 4 hours and the staff did not inform me that I ca n't use them over a period of time but had to use in a go. Otherwise , great place with good value !

staying in Kowloon was a good choice and so was the BP International , walking distance to star Ferry Terminal 10 minutes and the nearest MTR 4 minutes walk. The hotel 's lobby is quite spectacular and is a tribute to Lord Baden Powell who of course is the founder of the Scout Movement. The hotel has a Scout annexe , with it 's own separate entrance from the main hotel and we saw many Scouts out on the street. Despite this difference the hotel was as good as any international standard hotel for service , appearance and cleanliness plus an in room safe. We had reserved a city vista room through the internet but on arrival found that it had two single beds and we wanted a double. The staff found us a double room ok but unfortunately it was on a &quot ; smoking&quot ; floor and the smell was quite obvious even when stepping out of the lift , one evening we accidently turned off the vent in the room and the smell was suffocating. The bed was the hardest I had ever slept on and the pillows were quite flat , in spite of that we slept very well. Maybe because of the room change we ended up with a room overlooking Kowloon Park and we could see part of the harbour. Our 4 night deal cost $ 3,190 HKD no breakfast , extra 85HKD pp which was one of the most reasonable in Hong Kong. We found a very good cafe called Marco 's in a street across the road where you could get an English type breakfast or Asian or a combo of both for a very reasonable $ 22 HKD pp. We used the shuttle service organised through the hotel which considering the distance from the airport about a 30 minute drive at $ 85 HKD pp was very reasonable. I think the price has increased to $ 100 HKD now but still very reasonable. The hotel said that they had reserved a return journey for us too but it turned out that the earliest shuttle was at 7am and too late for our plane. We were well and truly ripped off for the taxi return journey at $ 329 HKD , the hotel said it would cost $ 250 HKD with the meter showing $ 185 HKD and the driver doing a calculation for what we thought were tolls and maybe an airport fee. We were just so flabbergasted and just paid but in hindsight I think we should have called his bluff and refused to pay so much. Other passengers we spoke to were similarly ripped off. Weighing it all up I would definitely stay here again , for price convenience and cleanliness it was worth putting up with a few niggles. Hong Kong is a great city , we felt very safe at all times. Make sure you do a day trip out to Lantau Island to see the giant Bhudda , it is just amazing ! I did a search on Trip Advisor for Lantau Island and found a travellers instructions for a trip there , his detail was amazingly accurate and we followed it almost to a tee and had a great adventure. The bird market is also an absolute must for a cultural experience .

we stayed in a city view room. The location of the hotel is great. Close to MTR , Temple street market , Nathan Road. 10 min walk to Star ferry , and 5 min to Ocean Centre/Harbour City mall with a lot of cool designer shops .

good service , clean , great value , good location...... we had a really nice view of the harbour. Top hotel for the money !

we stayed in a city view room overlooking Kowloon City Park on non-smoking floor. The check-in was very efficient and friendly. The room was absolutely spotless and looked as if it had recently been renovated as everything was very modern and new. The bathroom was brilliant , with a great power shower. Received a complimentary fruit basket , which was a nice surprise. The breakfast was comprehensive , it would be hard not to find something to please. The service was impeccable .

the room is okay,relatively small but do have a nice view overlooking the harbor. They do n't have a lot of harbor view room on the non smoking floor. So please make the request on your reservation ! The receptionist who helped us to check in was cheerful and very helpful. They gave us a room facing the city before but since we were going to stay for a week . They managed to give us an upgrade and then changed to a harbor view room later on. We appreciated that very much ! ! !

this was our 2nd stay at the BP. We had a Harbour Parkview room on the 21st floor again with 2 twin beds and a great view of Hong Kong , Victoria Harbour and Kowloon Park. Rooms and bathrooms are extremely clean. There is a small refrigerator , safe , tea/coffee pot and hairdryer in each room. I have read other reviews about the rooms &amp ; bathrooms being small. Compared to rooms in the U.S. they are , but if you have ever stayed in a room in France you will think these are quite spacious. I have also read other reviews about the beds being hard. They are , but not to the point of being in pain when you wake up. The buffett breakfast is a great value with many choices of Asian , Western &amp ; Indian cuisine. Also , there is token operated laundry on the 13th floor with an automatic soap dispenser and an iron with ironing board. Extremely convenient !

we booked BP International through Travel Agent : Holiday World. It was very pleasent experience to stay at BP International .

a good hotel but the best thing about it is it 's location in Kowloon. Convenient to everything either by walking , MTR or ferry. The lobby is very nice and there 's a restaurant on the floor above it. The room I had was small with 2 single beds and had a clean but also small bathroom. The view from my room was fantastic as I looked over the park and could easily see the harbor and Hong Kong on the other side .

rooms are small but very clean. Shower heads are very stronge but tiny bathroom. Have to repeat very very clean and new if u do n't mind the size. Receptionist saw that we had 3 people with 1 room booking and ask if we interested in having a bunk bed room. To our suprise there 's such a thing as bunk beds in a hotel... haha... I 'm still laughing in joy of this finding... of course we did n't mind since with the extra friend tagging along... with no extra charge... it surely is an option to save money when you have more people traveling... they gave us a room with 2 bunk beds... = D The reason for having bunk beds is because they have a boy scouts center inside the hotel... so it 's very safe... and staff very friendly... If you do n't know... this hotel has a bus that takes you from the airport to the hotel and vice versa.... I forgot if we arrange that with the hotel or from the airport... maybe contacting the hotel would help you... location is good with 5 mins walk to the train station... there 's a 7-11 across the street and a supermarket towards the left side if you walk down.. .

this was our first trip to Hong Kong and we were not disapointed. We stayed here for 3 nights at the end of March as a stopover on our way to New Zealand. The service was efficient and helpful. Our room was excellent , perhaps a little small for 2 , but perfectly adequate for a short stay. It was beautifully clean and the beds were comfortable. We had an immaculate en suite shower room. Kowloon park was just behind the hotel and provided a lovely walk on the way to the star ferry which only took about 10 minutes. We found Hong Kong to be extremely clean and efficient and were very impressed that no one is allowed to eat on the streets or on public transport , consequently keeping everying extremely clean and tidy. Incidently if you drop litter there is an instant fine of Â £ 150 ! We found eating out challenging , probably because we tried to eat with the locals and chinese food in Hong Kong is nothing like it is in England ! I think you have to pay a little more and eat in the European restaurants. Getting from the airport is so easy as there is train from the airport to the centre where you are able to get a taxi at a low cost to your hotel. One day we visited Cheung chau island which is about a 50 min boat trip away and we felt we experienced more of the real China. The buildings on Hong Kong island are awe inspiring , go up to the 43rd floor of the Bank of China for a great view .

this was the third time I stayed here and I was not disappointed. Its location is excellent and its quality is better than other hotels in the same class. The rooms are NOT small in Hong Kong 's standard in fact they are huge for the price you pay . Jordon subway station is 2 minutes away and the hotel is walking distance to both TST tourist area and Mong Kok/YMT shopping areas for local .

bp international scores over its location which is very close to attractions like Nathan Road , Temple Street , Harbour View etc. We were given a Harbour view room which had an excellent view of the Harbour Front. Room was quite small with no room for an extra bed. Staff was quite helpful and good service. Understanding English was a bit of concern. General Cleanliness was very good. The Cantonese restaurant was strictly OK. Hotel has a good travel service and you can book your tickets to Disney and Water Park etc. Overall we had a pleasant Stay .

clean , just the right room for 2. The Hotel is near many shops. A nice place to stay in Hongkong .

bp International is probably one of the best values in Hong Kong. Although it was not a great hotel by any means , in comparison with what else is out there in HK as well as the market rate for square footage , I doubt there is anything better for the price. We paid under US $ 100 a night for our room. An expat friend who had been living in HK for 6 years now visited our room and told us that she was surprised at how nice it was given the location and price...and that she would recommend it to her visiting friends in the future .

my friends and i stayed at this hotel last year. we decided on this partly because of the great reviews we found here. Most of the excellent reviews made me expect more than what the hotel actually offered. The hotel is very near men 's market , other shopping areas like park lane , walking distance from mtr station. that is the best thing about it - location ! The interior of the hotel is unremarkable , the breakfast buffet is simple though filling. However , the rooms are really tiny. Definitely the pictures found at the hotel 's website show the rooms looking a lot better than it does really. The &quot ; double&quot ; bed that should be ok for two people barely looked like a single bed to me. there were three of us , and after they provided an extra bed there was hardly room to walk ! We had to close our luggage otherwise we would be stepping on the beds to get from one end of the room to another. The shower area is tiny ! Maybe it would have been better if it was n't enclosed in glass. We were laughing one morning because one of my friends was taking a bath and we could hear his elbows hitting the glass. It was that small. This is my third trip to hongkong and though it was a relatively pleasant stay I would probably stay at a different hotel next time .

the lobby looks elegant and checking in did n't take very long. we were given a smoking room but the entire floor did n't smell of smoke. the room was small but cute. my mom and i are both petite so we really di n't have much of a problem with the size of the room. i guess taller people will have a bit of a problem with that. the bed was not as hard as some members have stated. you will definitely choose to sleep on it rather than on the floor. it was freezing while we were there so we turned the airconditioning off during our stay. the blankets kept us warm although they are somwhat old and overused. but i did n't care much since they were really clean. i loved the interior since it 's modern as well as the bathroom. i love the strong pressure of the water as well. it 's not entirely a sound-proofed room but i did n't experiencemuch noise coming from outside our room. our toiletries were replenished everyday and our room was also cleaned daily. and it 's like a new room each time we come back. the tv has limited channels but it 's ok since we did n't come to hk to watch tv. hehe. the elevators did n't take long however the carpet on the lobby is already dirty due to the contant raining so i guess they should change it more often. overall , i will definitely stay here again since i am scared to risk trying out other hotels in hk. the place is great and you can walk to any place , close to the mtr , night markets along the streets , as well as nathan road. i will recommend this to my friends .

its our first time to check-in at BP International and I must say for a 3 star hotel , price is just right. Location is excellent , Kowloon Park at the back , few minutes walk to the MTR station , an Airport Express stop and a few minutes walk to commercial area. Though rooms and beds are small , just right for those who only intend to sleep at night and walk all day. The bathroom is small but complete with the basic ammenities , they even provide complimentary sleepers , though not replace on a daily basis. Overall me and my wife together with our friends enjoyed our stay , the hotel staff &quot ; Sun&quot ; even extended one of the rooms till 3 : 00 PM since our flight back will be at 9 : 55PM. Will definitely consider checking-in here again specially if we 'll be in a tight budget and need not to stay in the hotel for a long period of time .

though I specifically asked , 2 weeks in advance , for a double bed , they put me in a twin beds room. Other than that , I was very much satisfied from the very good location , the cleanliness and the good choice of breakfast items. To my taste , the bathroom no bath , just a shower is too tiny even for 1 person .

we would stay there again when we go back to hongkong. The location was great. The staff were friendly. They also have good exchange rates if you want to change your money to hongkong dollars. The room was cleaned everyday. The bathroom is modern and also very clean. We had a great vacation !

been here with my wife last October. It was great ! ! ! especially the lobby which was very elegant and big. The rooms are small , which is I think standard in Hong Kong. However , they are very clean and up to date , especially the washrooms. The showers have glass walls. Also checking in is a breeze , took only about 5 mins. Daily maintenance was SUPERB ! ! ! It was like a new room when we came back ! ! ! Definitely comming back to this hotel again ! ! ! Actually , we 'll only be staying in this hotel everytime we go back to Hongkong ! ! ! It was so GOOD ! ! ! By the way , I 'm the type of person who is either impressed or not impressed , so when I say its good , i mean it ! ! ! GOOD JOB BP INTERNATIONAL ! ! !

bp international looks nicer on the pictures than it is in reality. The picture of the garden is kowloon garden but that is one heck of a photographer to make the view so nice. Firstly , we were taken through some backdoor through a shady area by the hotel shuttle shuttle is always a good thing . The room I had was a &quot ; family room&quot ; which had 2 bunk beds. Since we have 3 ppl in one room it was a better option than cramping a double room with a third bed. My friends room with a queen bed was a bit larger. My view was pretty ugly except at night.. . The bathroom was the nicest part with walls glassed over and modern shower , faucet , toilet. The blanket was thin and rough. Kind of like a cheap used blanket .

i stayed at BP hotel 7 yrs ago via a air-hotel package. It was so centrally located that I stayed there again last month through an air-hotel package. the rooms , bathroom and its facilities were upgraded to really nice modern decor since .

this was a great hotel for the location and the cost. The picture is deceiving- it is taken from Kowloon park on the other side of the hotel. Location is in Kowloon , not far from anything-but a fun walk to lots of places. MTR is easy and a station is nearby. A no frills place-food their is too expensive-never tried it. Room was small , but good-we had a great view. Staff helpful- a very busy commercial place- but who cares. Room cleaned up every day. Taxis are easy available if needed. Did use their laundry room machines- a little pricey-but great to have at the tail end or middle of a trip .

the reception and lobby were really nice but the rooms were not great for the price .

i stayed in the BP International from 7 Dec to 12 Dec .

this hotel is conveniently located in Kowloon , 2 blocks from subway station Jordan . It is in walking distance of shopping , coffee shops and restaurants. The sleeping rooms are small in terms of US standards , but very clean and functional. We had problems with confirmed reservations , but that was rectified with complimentary buffet breakfast and basket of fruit. Be sure to request non-smoking rooms. Taxis are available outside hotel , airport shuttles also pick up here. One advantage is free computer access to Internet in the second floor bar .

we booked this hotel through agoda.com and stayed from 11/7-11/13 for $ 147 USD per night. We picked this hotel due to close proximity to MTR stations and easy accessibility to other places. The best feature in the room was the bathroom. It was larger than expected and clean. The shower did n't leak water out and the toilet flush was strong. Another plus , they cleaned our room efficiently and fast. However , this hotel lacks any amenities besides the toothbrush and slippers that were changed daily . It lacks a gym , swimming pool , and even though it 's targeted for business people , it does n't offer wireless internet access in the room. Wired internet costs $ 90 HKD for one day and it did n't even work in our room Room 2122 . We eventually went down to their lounge to use the wireless access we still had to pay the $ 90 and paid $ 55 HKD each for iced coffee. This hotel is good if you just need a place to sleep and nothing else. We were given two twin-sized beds instead of a full/queen as we were told they did n't have any. Would I stay at this hotel again ? Probably not. The experience was n't horrible but I believe for the price I paid , I can get something better .

we stayed at this hotel for 1 night before we had to switch to GuangDong hotel for irrelevant reasons. Wished we did n't have to ! The room was small but comfortable. Then again most hotels in Hong Kong with this kind of pricing are about the same size. The variety at the breakfast buffet was good. The location is excellent - can walk to anywhere easily with a couple of 24-hour convenience shops nearby. Above all , it 's pretty quiet as it 's next to a park. Although the reception counter was always busy , the hotel staff was most helpful once it 's your turn. I recommended this hotel to another friend and he gave it rave reviews as well. Will definitely return to stay at this hotel for my next trip to Hong Kong .

the hotel is located at a very convenient location ; less than 10 minutes walk from the Jordan MTR station. We were over Hong Kong between 30th Oct 2008 and 4th Nov 2008 , stayed in room 2036. The room is pretty spacious for Hong Kong standard and clean. Oh , remember to try out Australia Milk Company â € ™ s company sandwich several blocks away from the hotel , it â € ™ s really good .

my wife and I stayed in this hotel for three nights at the end of a tour of China with Wendy Wu. Having read some of the reviews before we went I had serious reservations about what we would find. We need not have worried. Yes , the room we had on the 14th floor was not huge , but it was more than adequate as was the shower room. We had faxed a request for a non smoking room before we left and that 's what we got. It was very clean and there was a hair dryer with lift up mirror in the bedroom. Noise ? Well , you could hear the running water of nearby rooms but that was all. The beds were both clean and comfortable .

an all rounder !

the toilet and bath were a bit small - but not a big deal , it 's enough to do your thing. We stayed 4 nights and it was more than what we expected , clean room , minibar , tea/coffee maker , tv and internet. The staff were helpful , room is cleaned daily , even if you get up late. Towels are changed daily .

my friends and i stayed here this September for 5 days. From the outside you 'll think that this could be a 4 star hotel coz it 's big. But once you 're inside you 'll know it 's just a 3star hotel. though they have a huge lobby , there are no doormen to open or close doors for you , a bellboy did help us one time to bring our luggages to our room. but at the reception , a very friendly attendant named Sun is very accomodating to answer and help us with our queries .

a very ideal hotel for people who are budget conscious. Otherwise do n't expect any service from the staff or even the manager on duty. It 's like u pay cheap for the rooms and that 's it. nothing more .

we found this hotel to be Comfortable and Professional. Location was good easy walking / bus to tourist locations. Great selection for breakfast and good quality .

location

we stayed here after a trip around China as part of Wendy Wu tours. We were told by others in the taxi from the airport the rooms would be smaller than what had be used to in China. On Nathan road , a good location. 5 mins walk from Jordan metro station. Across the road is a useful Exchange .. does not take travellers cheques , cake shop useful if you having a party or birthday. 5 mins walk from famous Temple Street and its market. Plenty of places to eat. We ate in Spaghetti House as desperate for a pizza .. good food and service. Out of hotel turn right then left at the crossroads .

we stayed at the BP International at the end of April 08. The hotel has a good location , just a 10 min walk from the Star Ferry terminal and right next to Nathan Road for shopping. The hotel was good value for money , clean and tidy. The room was small , but this did not matter to us as we only returned to the room to either shower and change or sleep. There is no iron or ironing board in the room. We were disappointed to have been allocated a smoking room when we had requested a non-smoking room. When we immediately complained we were told that there were no available non-smoking rooms left. Even though the room had been cleaned the smokey odour had seeped into the bedding and curtains and was unplesant for two non-smokers. Of note the majority of the hotel rooms were set aside for smokers and I believe only two floors had non-smoking rooms .

i stayed at the BP international for 2 nights recently. The hotel is very well looked after , clean and very new. However the rooms are really small. There is almost no place to even put your luggage. The bathrooms are extremely small. If you are unlucky enought to drop something on the floor , the only way to pick it up is to almost put your head in the pot ! ! ! !

bp International Hotel is conveniently located at Austin Road. Right in front of the hotel is a 7-11 store , a money changer and a small grocery called &quot ; Wellcome&quot ; - where you can buy drinks , snacks &amp ; even electrical outlet adaptors at a fair price. Austin Rd is known for having small international restos that have good prices too. Just a few blocks away is Temple Drive where there is a flea market and a good outdoor place where you can eat good chinese cuisine. The Jordan MTR station is also just a few blocks away , from there you can go to any point in HK : Causeway , Disneyworld , Mongkok , etc. The hotel room was sized just right , it may be a bit cramped and the bed may be a bit short for those who are over 6'4&quot ; tall - I 'm 5'11&quot ; and it was n't a problem. The room has all the basic amenities. For Filipinos , you may want to bring an electrical outlet adaptor to charge your celphones , cameras &amp ; laptops. The hotel can lend you an adaptor for free but it does n't fit our usual plugs. You can buy one for HK $ 12 in the Wellcome grocery right in front of the hotel. Hotel staff are friendly &amp ; most speak basic english .

very disappointed. Was close to shopping for Nathon Rd. , but the rooms are smaller than my bathroom. No room for suitcases , no mirrors except in bathroom , no extras , like shampoo and no hairdryer. Carpet was dirty , and bedding blankets was older than my Grandmother. Asked for a non-smoking room and was put into a smoking room. Assured me it was non-smoking , smelled like smoke and the pillows reeked of smoke , and there was an ashtray in the room. Insisted they move us , which they did , after I got angry..was moved to another floor , and whole floor was non-smoking. So they lied to me. Also asked for coupons for our breakfast , and they said just sign the ticket to your room. Next morning they would n't let us eat without paying. price quoted and paid in advance , to us included buffet breakfast Next day they sent me a msg. saying they made a mistake and breakfast was included. but by then it was too late. We did n't get breakfast before joining our day long tour .

stayed here for two nights via Australia , large hotel but the staff were very friendly , helpful and polite , the room was big enough and very very clean and the bar and lobby are great .

i had a great rate for this hotel , and it didnt disappoint. Its very close to Harbour City shopping centre , the markets , Tsim Tsa Tsui... a short stroll and you 're by the harbour ! The Jordan MTR is very very close by , so you can hop on and end up in Mong Kok. The room was actually quite big &amp ; clean. I entered my room just as a lady was cleaning it , and I saw how much effort she put into cleaning the place up. The front desk was very helpful. Overall , a great hotel , and I am already planning to go back .

a bit hesitant at first but the reviews on this website made me book BP for 5 nights during March 2008 for myself and my 5 friends .

we stayed at the BP International over the period of New Year 2007-2008. The hotel is quite good - when you compare alternatives at a similar price. It has everything you would expect , pretty good rooms , all the usual bathroom stuff , friendly staff and some good views out over the harbour. The location is great ; very centrally located near Nathan road and the park. We 'd recommend this hotel to anyone who does n't want to spend a ridiculous amount of money on a hotel , but wants something reasonably decent .

bp Internatoinal was great value for money spent. The location is really good. It 's one street away from Nathan Road which is excellent for shopping electrical items especially

stayed 3N in the hotel during March. Chosen the place as of its great location. There are a lot of eateries nearby the hotel , ferry terminal is within 5 mins walk and the MTR station is within 10 mins walk .

this is a late review .

this is my first overseas trip for pleasure with my sisters and friend....the price 's right and the amenities are great ! It 's smack in the middle of TSS....close to several stations of the MTR , very near the Golden Mile Nathan Road and good restos....a stone 's throw away from the China Ferry Terminal which you need to go to if you want to go to Macau ....around the bend from the hotel is the free Airport Express Shuttle waiting area of course , you need the pass for the Airport Express MTR ......in case you do n't know...BP stands for Sir Baden Powell...the founder of Boy Scouts.... .

worst hotel i have ever stayed in. The staff were unhelpful at the reception , didnt understand english and did not take any persons feelings into consideration .

had a long flight from the UK , came to bp international to find they had messed up my booking , ended up paying for there mistake.. That 's not all , every tourist needs advice , and directions , but the reception staff were unhelpful. .

i stayed with my family for a week at the BP International House .

stayed at BP International for 3 night stopover en route to Sydney .

great location especially if you are catching the ferry to or from Macau as the terminal is only a few hundred metres away. Also very close to Nathan Road and the train system. Rooms are tiny and bathrooms even tinier and the brekky is good but nothing to write home about. Tour desk is good and the lady there very helpful. overall considering the price you pay it is good value. Stayed here in Nov 07

my second stay in Honghong with my wife , after several change of hotel reservations with my travel agent I finally decided to book in BP International. I decided in this hotel because of the Good Review from Trip Advisor. All I can say is , I agree to most of the comments and rating on this hotel. The hotel lobby was impressive , its like one of the top malls here in Manila where floors and ceilings are shinny ideal for the guests. The front desk officer was accomodating and rooms was just right for Asians like us. Our checking in and out was smoothly carried over. the location was very ideal for tourists , Its just walking in a park going to the shopping centers and transport system. Very nice hotel and very ideal on location and great value. I would definitely recommend and be back here again. Cheers to BP international !

this hotel has a great location overlooking Kowloon Park where you can watch the Tai Chi both morning and evening .

for the traveller who would prefer to get out of their hotel room and explore a city , the BP International is a perfect choice. The price is incredibly good value , the rooms are clean and well-appointed and the location is fantastic. Instead of breakfast at the hotel , there was a great bakery up on the corner of Nathan Road. A croissant and a coffee on the go was all we needed .

this is a solid 3-star hotel with what should be considered bargain rates given the location and the quality of room . We stayed in a harbour-parkview room , which had a surprisingly great view of the harbour and Hong Kong skyline with a direct wide-open view of the 2IFC the tallest building in Hong Kong and the rest of Central , although a couple of buildings did partially obstruct the view. I do believe we got extremetly lucky with the view , and I do n't think that every harbour-parkview room would have the Hong Kong view comparable to ours .

great hotel staid for 4 nights. Near Jordan station and Nathan Road. 10 minutes walk to star ferry. Staff friendly and helpful. Breakfasts excelent value. Ask for room overlooking Kowloon park as it is much quieter. Late check out a pleasure .

husband and I travelled to HKG as a wedding annivesary trip although hubby had been to HK previously many years ago with the forces ie when HKG was British run .

bp International is a nice place to stay at. The rooms are small but everything was clean. We had 2 bunkbeds in our room and a small but more updated bathroom. The service was good. The only problem I had was the walls are thin. I could hear people talking outside of my room while I was inside my room. For the price you are paying for , the room is not a bad deal. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you do n't mind small spaces .

nice and affordable hotel. Great location .

i picked this hotel based on review and prices. I did n't expect much of anything considering the relatively low rates. I was really surprised how nice the hotel was .

the BP International was fine for our week long stay in December. The

bp International is in an excellent location. From the Airport you can easily catch the Express Train to Kowloon Station , where there is a free shuttle bus K5 I think to the Hotel .

we recently stayed at this hotel , having read so many good things about it. The hotel building and the location are excellent , and the hotel lobby with its high ceiling , the large stairways all decorated for the year-end season look really nice , although sitting in the hotel lobby you could hear loud noices of cups and saucers , plates and spoons rattling against each other coming from the upper ground restaurant .

sweet Couple,Manila Philippines

this hotel was in a great location just off Nathan road. The hotel intself was very nice and the front desk and service was good .

we had the great fortune to stay at this Hotel during a visit to Hong Kong in November. We purchased an Octopus card at the airport which not only took us directly to the hotel but this card could also be used at other outlets , for example if you wished to buy water or other things at certain shops , and other travel around Hong Kong. We also used it to travel back to the airport when leaving and any credit not used was returned to us. An excellent idea. The hotel was very well situated and within walking distance to the Star ferry. The lobby of the hotel was very impressive and the breakfast was varied and more than adequate. The staff were very helpful. Our room was not huge but then we did not spend much time there. The room was kept very clean and overall , staying here was a Good Choice. I would certainly return and have no reservations about recommending it .

very good Hotel in a superb Location within a short walking distance to the Temple-Street , Jade Market and Nathan Road. The Kowloon Park is just 2-3 minutes away. Friendly reception staff. Small but nice and clean rooms with refrigerator and Aircon. Nice view from our room Harbourside Nr. 1828 in the 18th floor. All in all absolutely value for the money .

stayed at BP International in Sept 2007 after reading good reviews on tripadvisor. We were n't disappointed !

we arranged a limousine through the hotel that never turned up at the airport. This left us stranded at the airport and we had to locate a bus to take us to the Hotel. When arriving at the hotel at 9.00 p.m. the bus took 2 hours instead of the 45 minutes it should have taken we were advised that our room which we had booked for 2.00 p.m. was not ready .

i cant believe it. just now 11/28/07 at 11.05 pm i look outside my door to find guitar noise is coming from , there are 15-20 people playing guitar and making the most racket. besides that there are loud noises from emanating from the wall .

husband and I stayed here for two nights in October 2007. A nice pleasant hotel. Room size decent , not as small as some of the readers suggested. The bathroom was for one person at a time only !

we stayed at the BP International in Kowloon , Hong Kong for 4 nights in early October 2007. We were on holiday , not a business trip. This was our first visit to Hong Kong and we chose the hotel based on reviews on Trip Advisor. Actually my number one choice was the Salisbury YMCA based on TA reviews but the YMCA was fully booked even two months prior to our trip. Overall I was pleased with the BP , although I would have preferred to have been closer to the harbor .

the BP internation is located in tsim sha tsui right in the heart of kowloon .

we stayed at the BP International for 2 nights in October and found it to be in an excellent location for all the shops and amenities. The hotel was spotless and the staff friendly. Evening meal at the hotel was a buffet with plenty of differant choices and was great value for money .

if you 're looking for an above average , moderately priced hotel in HK , then this hotel fits your needs. It 's conveniently located in Tsim Sha Tsui so there 's food , shopping , and access to the public transportation. I do n't know when they redid the rooms , but the rooms are nicely furnished and clean. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. As already mentioned , they 're moderately priced and IMO worth it .

this was not a hotel I had heard of before , but would happily return to again. The 'BP ' stands for Baden-Powell and is headquarters for the Hong Kong Boy Scout movement , but that does not impinge on the operation of the hotel or the hotel guests. The double rooms had twin beds only and that should have been made clear at the time of booking , but the rooms were a good size , clean and the bathrooms looked recently refurbished in stainless steel and glass. There is a hot and cold water dispenser at the end of each floor , but the tea and coffee making facilities in the room were more than adequate. One evening we had the buffet evening meal which was advertised in the lift and it was something out of this world. I can not think of a single thing which was not part of the buffet , hot and cold seafood , meats , salads and those desserts were unreal , especially the individually steamed chocolate souffles ! !

this is very good hotel , with an excellent location in Kowloon i.e. it took us 10 min by foot to get to the Star Ferry to go to the HK island , the Temple Street Market , the jade market - and 15-20 min to go to Mong Kok and a good rate. The room was very nice , with a view overlooking the city , the park of Kowloon and part of HK island , so we could even enjoy the Symphony of Light from our room ask the harbour parkview room . The only negative part would be that the walls are very thin we could hear when the guest next door was leaving/coming back and if you 're a non-smoker , make sure you ask for the non-smoking floor we would sometimes smell cigarette smoke . I would definitely go back there and will recommend it to anyone who wants to stay in HK. The staff was polite but not very friendly , but it did look like a very busy hotel reception was always crowded . It is also the Scout center so it is quite funny to pass by tourists , businessmen and... young and older scouts in the hotel lobby !

my family and I stayed at the hotel in July .

we were travelling as two adults and a child. We found BP International Hotel an excellent place to stay. The hotel is very clean and well maintained and is in an excellent location. It is about one minutes walk from Nathan Road. We stayed on the 16th floor there are around 25 and had very nice views out to the harbour. The only drawback we found was that the room was rather small. This was not a problem for us as we did n't really spend much time in there. Hotel rooms in HK are generally small unless you want to pay a lot more. I would happily stay here again and would recommned this hotel to anyone .

we were impressed by the modern and elegant design of this hotel -- from its lobby to its hotel rooms. Staff are friendly , helpful and accommodating. The hallways and the room itself looked and smelled clean and fresh unlike other 3-star hotels that we 've stayed before. Location is also good -- with Kowloon park and Parklane blvd just beside it , and the Jordan MTR stn which will take you to anywhere you want to go in HK just a 3-min walk. We 've had no problem with our stay except that we were n't able to charge our mobile phones as their outlets are different from the Europe and U.S. plugs be sure to buy your adaptor ! .. Other than that , overall experience was great. We will definitely recommend this hotel to our relatives and friends who will visit HK -- really GOOD value for your money. Ã œ

more than decent nearly no-frills hotel and more than decent hotel staff. Very convenient , as it 's a short 3min walk to Nathan Road and 5min to the Jordan MTR stn. Temple St Night Mkt is an extra 10min walk but the market is overrated , filled with poor quality Mainland Chinese merchandise. From my room , I had a nice view of Kowloon Park , with HK island to my right. Supermarket chain Wellcome and 7-11 with a sushi chef to boot ! are just across the street .

i always book this hotel or the Shamrock hotel. It is clean and a good location. 5min walk to Jordan subway station and 1 minute from kowloon park .

i stayed at the quad sharing room in BP international , but the tricky part is , the quad sharing room is n't available in any website , so we got a local friend to book the hotel room for us , because it 's so worth paying for it. do n't expect a 5 star treatment , it 's just a clean and equip room with 2 double decker beds. the location is great , just 5 mins walk to the jordan mrt station. you could also talk a walk towards the temple street , as well as the tsim tsa tsui area .

we wanted to stay in a hotel with a view of the habour but for it not to cost the earth. The BP Internatioanl was an excellent choice , we had a great view of the park and habour and for a very reasonable price. The rooms were clean and of a good size for 2 people. The only disappointment we had was due to our flight times we arrived at 7am and were unable to check in until 2pm. The hotel did not have any showering facilites which is something I would have expected from a hotel of it 's rating .

my last stay in BP Intl House was last August 1999 was great. When I again visited Hongkong now with my family , i was surprised that there were big improvements in the hotel rooms , bathrooms/toilets , lobby , restaurant etc. Everything is clean and modern. Although rooms are little bit small. It 's really a quiet not on the main streets and nice place to stay. Everything is near.. McDonalds , Restaurants , MTR station , shopping arcade , Kowloon Park , convenient stores .

my wife and I stayed here for 6 nights at the end of May 2007. We booked through Expedia and got an amazing deal .

stayed here for 7 nights at the begining of May 2007 .

we stayed for only 2 nights. For Hong Kong it is reasonably priced. The hotel was renovated 3 years ago and is very modern and nice. The rooms are small for American standards , but pretty good when comparing to New York. I found all staff quite helpful , bar was a tad expensive but when purchasing a drink had free internet. I did not eat here but restaurant seemed fine. I had good experiences only with the staff. Right near the central subway line and a walk through the park away from downtown. Good district to take in a Hong Kong experience. Will go back !

mike from Ontario Canada

stayed with my wife and 2 girls 10 &amp ; 13 opted for the family room 2 double bunks the room though small was very clean nice view of the HK skyline the matresses comfortable with a room safe and mini fridge. The staff were very helpful especially the tour desk took a day tour to China which was good value. Great location near the night market a park next door and close to Nathan rd and the subway. Will definetly go back there next time we are in HK .

fantastic hotel. I 've just come back from a 12 day holiday , spent 5 nights at BP International , then went to Thailand for 5 nights and back to BP Int. for the remaining days. The rooms are modern , bright and immaculate - serviced every day. Staff are extremely attentive and helpful. The best thing about the BP is the location , just off Nathan Road. Minutes from Jordan station and all bus routes. You can easily walk to the Star Ferry Terminal , which is a 15 minute stroll. Temple St night market is 5 mins away too .

we were pleasantly surprised. This hotel is in a good location right next to Kowloon Park , and one of the night markets , and has several nice features for families .

my partner and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of a month long trip .

stayed here for 3 nights. Arrived from Australia at about 5.30pm and caught the airport train and transferred to the free bus that dropped us at the front door of the hotel .

we spent 4 nights in BP International during our last trip to HK. I like the location - it 's situated centrally in Tsim Sha Tsui area and Jordan MTR station is a few mins walk away. We walked to Yau Ma Tei and Mongkok from the hotel , about 25 mins away on foot. There are many tourist attractions and shopping areas around the hotel .

i stayed at BP International for 3 nights. The staff were welcoming and helpful. My room was immaculate , well maintained , and cleaned each day. The mini-bar as with all hotels a rip off , but over the road there is a Seven-Eleven store selling the same drinks for a fraction of the price. Breakfast not brilliant , and there are plenty of other places , serving western and chinese food close by .

we stayed at BP International House for 4 days. The hotel had shuttle service from the airport which was arranged by our travel agent. Very convenient ! The hotel looks very new and clean. Our check-in was handled very efficiently , it took only a few minutes -- but this could be because the room was already fully paid beforehand. We requested for a non-smoking room and since there were n't any more available , we got an upgrade to the 24th floor with the harbour view at no extra charge !

we stayed one week in BP hotel : it 's excellent for price !

grand lobby complete with 5 payphones. Staff speak enough english to get through a conversation and are very freindly even when you come back drenched and cascade water everywhere after enjoying a monsoon .

my husband and I stayed here over the Christmas / New Years 2007 period for 10 days. We had a very nice room on the 22nd floor with a lovely view of Hong Kong harbour. The room , while not overly spacious , was perfectly fine for the two of us. The daily housekeeping was excellent and the room and washroom were always spotless. The hotel is very close to Nathan Rd. and the harbour easy walking to great shopping and eating . The subway is handy for easy travel into Hong Kong and the Star Ferry is an easy walk. There was a selection of 22 chanels on the television and there was also an in-room safe a great convenience .

my husband and I have just returned after 6 nights at this hotel. Our room was on the 18th floor with a great view of the city and Kowloon Park. The room had twin beds , big shower , hairdryer and mini-bar and it was cleaned every day. There was a water dispensor at the end of the corridor which was convenient. There is a laundry room with powder included and an iron which is located on the 13th floor - get tokens at reception. Breakfast and evening meals are buffets with a good selection of food 7 euro for breakfast and 18 euro for dinner. Happy Hour at the bar is 4 until 9. Staff very friendly and helpful through out our stay. Great location beside Kowloon Park which has plenty of activities for locals such as tai chi , line dancing , kung fu , singing , ballroom dancing , McDonalds and swimming pool etc etc and we always felt safe. Temple St night market is 5 mins walk away and even though its cheap still you are expected to haggle. Getting around Hong Kong is easy use the MTR which cost between 40 cent and 70 cent , the Star Ferry which cost about 25 cent definately a photo opportunity especially after 6 in the evening , Taxis are also convenient and cheap. Check the desk in the hotel regarding tours i.e. trip to the Buddah we would recommend it. We went to the beach Repulse Bay by local bus - had a drink and some food at the beach bar and my husband went for a swim - a great day . Shopping in Hong Kong is fantastic from markets to designer stores. Its very clean and safe. There is a strip of bars in Wan Chai - go by taxi. We found Dusk till Dawn a FANTASTIC bar with a great cover band and no cover charge also in Wan Chai go around 9 oclock. Have recommended this hotel to friends and family .

the rooms at this hotel are tiny. When first entering , you see a grand lobby , nice elevators , big hallways...........and then the room. I suppose that for the price paid , you should not expect too much more .

i stayed at this hotel in early September 2006 for one week. It is in a great location near the subway , beside a park , and near lots of shops and restaurants . The thing I liked most about this hotel was the great location and view. My boyfriend and I stayed in a room that faced Kowloon Park. You get a great view of the Hong Kong harbour and all the lights in the evening. I used the park in the mornings to go for runs , which was convenient because access to green space is limited in HK. The staff were accommodating when I requested a quiet room that faced the park. Being vegetarians , this hotel was also in close proximity to about 10 different vegetarian chinese restaurants , which was really great. The hotel is only about a 3 minute walk to the nearest MTR subway station Jordan . In regards to the interiors , the hotel is fairly new and the rooms look clean and modern. The only thing that visitors should be prepared for is hundreds of boyscouts and girlguides that use the hotel as a dormitory. But you only see them in the lobby , so it was n't a problem. I 'd definitely stay at this hotel again .

stayed here on my first night for an eight day business trip to Mainland. Reason for staying here was that my trip was a last minute trip , and all of my regular hotels were booked. This was apparantly the only room in town. My rate was $ 1400 HKD/night. Requested non smoking room and was given a room with 2 twin beds. I am 6 ' 4&quot ; tall , so I ask to switch , and was refused as it was the last room in the hotel. Room was nicely decorated and very clean. After settling in my room , I then tried to access the internet/email from my room , and was told that there was no wireless on non smoking floor , although they did have broadband access in all rooms. Unfortunately , I did not have a cable , so I checked with reception and was told that they were all out. When I asked what I should do , I was told to go to Mongkok to buy a cable. TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. I did venture out on the streets , and found a cable. When I did get onto the broadband , it was slower than dial up. I could not even access some websites. Needless to stay , I wil never stay here again .

good location , about 20min walk from Avenue of the Stars and Star Ferry .

i loved this hotel. It is rated a 3-star but has the feel of a 4-star hotel. The hotel location is great which is just a walking distance away from the Temple Street Night Market. We had dim sum and dinner at the Chinese restaurant in the hotel and the food was great. The hotel cafe at the Mezzanine provides 15 min free internet access or longer if no one is waiting to use it from 3 PM until closing time .

i stayed here June of 2006 for one week with 3 other friends and was plesently surprised. We were hesistant at first as our taxi driver called the place &quot ; garbage&quot ; and criticized it for having bunk beds since there were four of us , our room consisted of 2 bunks...this was also a popular hotel for boy scouts .

we stayed for four nights as a stopover from Europe to Australia and were really happy with this hotel. The excellent service started before we even stepped inside as we arrived in the middle of the worst thunderstorm in 40 years so the bus driver rang the hotel to make sure a porter came out with an umbrella to meet us. Our checkin was very professional and courteous. We travelled on a Corporate package and were allocated a harbour view room on the 24th floor , not much to see on arrival but the view was magnificent especially at night when the clouds finally lifted. We had no trouble with noise &amp ; hardly saw any scouts as they have a separate bank of lifts and are only allocated between between certain floors on the lower levels .

it 's my first time in Hongkong and I 'm worried about getting a Hotel since I 've heard some pretty bad reviews about hongkong hotels before. I was relieved when we got to the Hotel. The lobby was big and presentable. We booked 3 standard rooms and they were very clean but small. I 've read reviews before that the bed was too hard , but it was just fine for me .

the guest room , although small , was very clean and modern. It was very difficult for me to rest well in my room due to several reasons. First , there were a lot of children running and playing along the corridor. Second , there were a few guests who spoke very loudly for a very long time early in the morning and late at night , including weekends. Third , some guests were smoking and as the windows could not be opened , I had to sleep with the smoke the whole nights and felt terrible in the morning. Fourth , one guest actually knocked on my door at 8 am on a Sunday for no reason at all. Some others knocked on the door of their friends/family for a considerable period of time. Fifth , the mattress and pillows were awful. Six , you could hear TV noise and conversation from the room next door .

we stayed here for 4 nights as part of a leisure trip and were impressed with the quality of the hotel. The rooms are very tiny , but all of them are above the 16th floor and have nice views of the city and its busy streets. Our room had two very small single beds this was considered a double room and the bathroom was also very small and had only a shower , no tub. They supplied basic amenities - toothbrush and toothpaste , comb , and shampoo , but no soap. Each morning they serve a buffet breakfast with both Western/Eastern foods and drinks. The hotel is within walking distance of almost everything - Nathan St. and Canton St. shops , Temple Street market , the waterfront/Star Ferry and skyline , and the closest subway is Jordan station , just 5 minutes walk. The hotel borders the Kowloon Park , a very impressive open space. The staff of the hotel speak English and are very happy to help with questions. Also , this hotel is served by tour companies and is not out of the way. The lobby is very impressive and spacious. MAJOR DOWNSIDE : 2 Internet computers for the entire hotel , and they can only be used from like 3pm to 8pm daily and not on weekends. Not recommended for business travelers because of this .

bp intl house is a great hotel with a big lobby and great location ! the rooms are just right and their basement restaurant has the best dimsum in hk. we stayed there for five days and we got 4 twin rooms for the whole family. the rooms are always clean and the cleaning ladies whom we always meet every morning in the corridor are so nice ! the staff are friendly and very helpful. we would definitely go back there when we visit hk. its a 3 star hotel with a five star service ! ! !

we spent one night in Hong Kong as a stopover on route to Australia.The Hotel looked ok from the the outside , but the room left a lot to be desired. The bed was clean which was a bonus. I would not use the BP International again .

we enjoyed our stay at BP International. My husband and I decided to go to Hongkong for our 1st year anniversary. We do n't plan a very grand vacation though. We were on a budget and BP Int'l happens to be the cheapest in the list that our travel agent gave us .

as a family of four we book a family suite. This was very small , consisting of 4 bunk beds on the 14th floor. The room was clean but I felt that having the bunk beds so close to the window was quite unsafe .

we stayed here with our two children 15 and 11 for 5 nights as part of a round the world trip in January. We booked it after reading Lonely Planet and being offered a 40 % discount for an early booking. At the time , knowing that it was bunk beds we had some reservations , but went for it because of the central location and the price we thought we might be getting low on funds by that stage of our trip .

i stopped in Hong Kong on my way to and from New Zealand. On the way out I stayed at the Empire Hotel Kowloon as the BP International was full .

the airport express shuttle bus stops at the hotel so it is very easy to get to the hotel from the airport .

my husband and I stayed here for 11 nights over Christmas and had a fantastic time. We were upgraded to the 22nd floor and the room was spotlessly clean with a great shower. We also had a kettle , a television and a fridge in the room. The beds were firm but not too hard. There is a shoe shine machine and a free cold water dispenser on the landing. The hotel is tremendous value-we paid Â £ 37.70 for the room per night and the location is excellent , being a 2 minute walk to Nathan Road and the M.T.R. subway We did n't eat at the hotel as there are so many restaurants to choose from in that area. Temple Street night market and the Jade Market are both close buy. The 973 bus from outside the Government offices on Canton Road turn left out of the hotel and cross over using the underpass goes all the way to Stanley Market , going through Aberdeen and Repulse Bay on the way and takes about 45 minutes to 1 hour .

this hotel was in a good location for our shopping trip to Hong Kong. Right off Nathan Road on the Kowloon side , and within walking distance of the night and jade markets , we enjoyed the location. Walking through the adjacent park every morning was fun , and the view from

we liked this hotel the staff were friendly and helpful they must have read some of the early reviews . The room 21st floor had a great view across Kowloon park to Hong Kong Island. The bar had two internet machines free of charge which my wife used to email family and friends. We can not comment on the food in the hotel as we ate out during our stays.The location is quite good for transport mtr/buses to the other tourist areas of hong kong,the area around the hotel has lots of eating places , the night market at temple street is a short walk away. Just around the corner was Nathan Road for any other shopping you needed to do. We used the hotel as a base as we also visited beijing and taipei. It is close to the airport express station in Kowloon by taxis or free bus , also had a direct bus service to the airport. When we travelled to Beijing and Taipei we left most of our luggage in storage at the hotel free of charge We would stay again .

bp International Hotel HK .

