well located , but the rooms are like pigeon holes .

i have stayed for a week in Bishop for my holidays. Out of so many hotels I have stayed , this is truly one of the best in terms of pricing , value add and facilities ! They must be one of the only few to offer free broadband internet in all rooms and its speed is lightning fast ! Most hotels require you to pay for such internet access .

i stayed here with my girlfriend and decided to pay a little extra for a Harbour View Suite. After checking their website direct , I noticed that they offered Grand Harbour View Suites for just HKD40 extra per night. When we arrived in our top floor corner room we were greeted by spectacular 180 + degree views of the Hong Kong skyline , Botanical Gardens and harbour which became awe-inspiring when the sun went down. Once we had taken in the view , the room was excellent , clean and very large with a separate living room with floor to ceiling windows , a well stocked mini-bar and plasman TV. The bedroom had a firm but comfortable double bed and floor to ceiling windows round two walls of the room. The bathroom was small and the shower would intermittently run cold , but sometimes a cold shower was needed in order to fully appreciate everything else , so we did n't mind ! The hotel provided a host of services , but we only really took advantage of the free Internet access which worked flawlessly .

great location with incredible views of HK Island. Large rooms and close to everything. Escalator walk only 2 block away. Clean room with modern furnishings. Very good pricing for this expensive city .

i wanted to say in Mid-Levels near the escalator and the location is perfect for exploring Central. I booked a standard room the first night. What a shock. It was a tiny cubicle with two child-size beds. more like a ship 's cabin than a hotel room , facing into apartments across the road. Claustrophobic even for one person. There was no room to unpack , no desk , just a ledge too tiny to perch my laptop. At least it was clean and tidy. Since Hong Kong is all about the view and it was my last night in Asia I asked to change rooms and splurged double the price , about US $ 140 on a harbor-view suite on a high floor for the second night. Now you 're talking. The bathroom was still small , but now I had a nice little sitting room with desk and small sofa and a comfy bedroom , both with magnificent views. Overall , Bishop Lei a good place to stay in Central -- especially if you like stair climbing , shopping and exploring small alleys -- at way lower prices than , say , the Mandarin Oriental. The hotel restaurant has good buffet breakfast and nice meals at reasonable prices. I liked the small pool on the second floor. Wireless internet spotty... much better in public areas than guest rooms. Quiet , helpful staff , especially concierge. Good place for single people traveling alone .

i chose the Bishop Lei on the basis of its intriguing ownership , the radical location and the large number of reviews from satisfied guests. Well , I 'm another satisfied guest !

small rooms and bathrooms have everything necessary for a very comfortable stay if you 're on a budget , though we did n't manage to get free breakfasts like the other recent reviewer !

staying here was fantastic. Great room , good deal , dynamite location , lovely staff , free breakfast , fantastic pool. Seriously , it was an excellent place to stay while in HK. I am sure room rates vary a lot depending on when you 're there , but we got a good deal on ours .

i would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to HK on a budget. I 've stayed there three times now , and although the rooms are small , the value is phenomenal and rooms , bathrooms and public areas are kept very clean .

a comfortable , clean , friendly place to stay on Hong Kong Island. The staff was very accommodating and attentive. The hotel is a short taxi ride from Central and few minutes walk from the Midlevels Escalator and supermarkets. Maximized to make the most of space , the rooms are recently refurbished in a green and white motif , coffee station , free wireless internet , in-room safe , flat screen tv with many international and English language channels , single bed , desk , and wonderful bedding. Excellent value , especially for Hong Kong. I actually prefer to be a little bit away from city center as the hotel has a very calm and relaxed feeling about it - a nice place to retreat to at the end of the day. Book online for the best rate .

my wife and I just returned from a 2 week stay at this hotel. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay there. The staff are extremely courteous and helpful. The food in the restaurant is reasonably priced. Nice sized pool with life guard on duty. Free shuttle bus to subway and to airport train .

we stay a night in this hotel , overall everything is in order. The room is small but if you just need a place to sleep and put your luggage then it is more than enough. The price is reasonable for a hotel located near The Peak. Although its location is not in the center of city but it is easy to reach there provided remember to use the outdoor escalator ! ! Never ever follow the Ice House Street though from the map it seem quite near to reach the hotel but in fact that road is extremely steep unless you like to climb moutain ! ! The hotel actually has shuttle bus to Admiralty MTR station so do check with the hotel how to get their shuttle bus in order to reach the hotel. Using the Asia longest outdoor escalotor you can walk down to Lan Kwai Fong and Soho area in 10-15 minutes time. From hotel to the escalator it only takes you less than 5 minutes walk .

for the price of S $ 54 a night from Agoda , it 's definitely one of the good hotels out there in Hong Kong Island. Despite the fact that it is relatively far away from the MTR station , it is within walking distance to the mid-level elevators approx. 5mins . Not only that , there 's even a bus stop right outside the hotel. There 's also a hotel shuttle bus service to the Airport Express and other locations .

we stayed at the Bishop Lei after getting off the fifteen hour airplane ride from Toronto. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful , and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. The kingsize bed and comforter were so soft we slept well every night we were there. The shower head rotates from one nozzle to four mini ones and has great pressure. Although the rooms are small , they come equipped with everything you need .

this was my first trip to Hong Kong , and the area of this hotel was excellent. Within walking distance or short cab ride of everywhere we wanted to go .

the location was excellent , staff was very helpful. Our room was small , but enough to sleep. Nice pool. Free shuttle to the centre available many times per day , and only a couple of minutes to the escalator. Nice for the price .

i arrived by bus 23A from Central to the front lobby of the hotel only to realize i left my backpack in the bus. The backpack contained my passport,reasonable amount of money,mobile phone and laptop-in short,im DEAD without these !

the hotel is conveniently located , close to The Peak tram within walking distance and just a few minutes by taxi which is by the way very cheap to the piers and Star ferry. The room was nice and very clean. The staff were polite and very accommodating .

the facilities are good at the hotel , the room was smaller but enough for one person. They also provide shuttles to airport city centre and market , which is very convenient .

after reading alot of reviews and narrowing it down to a few hotels , I opted for Bishop Lei and very glad I was too. Booking online I got a good discount on a suite on the 12th floor about 575HKD a night with nice views. the room was in fact divided into two rooms : the large bed was very comfortable with modern flat screen tv and aircon , and there was also a living room/office area with another tv , phone , sofa and desk - actually this was pretty spacious all in all and the floor to ceiling windows gave me great views , lots of light. The room included adequate storage space , a small safe and a decent size bathroom with a really terrific spa-style multijet shower. There was also a kettle with tea and coffee. the minibar was expensive but I did n't bother. I must admit I did little else other than sleep here - so no idea if the food was edible or worth the cost. the staff were friendly and helpful but I did n't require any more than that so they were hardly tested. The place was really quiet both internally and externally. some reviewers claimed that the hotel 's position on mid-levels made it too remote to go shopping but it was a five minute walk to soho for bars and restaurants and the escalators made it a very easy journey down to the Central MTR area and Wan Chai for malls etc. It is also pretty easy from the airport - get the express train then either grab a cab about 25 dollars or you can walk to the escalators without actually walking on the busy streets. If the shopping cornucopia of Kowloon is not a priority then I would definitely recommend this hotel. It 's not romantic nor much of a destination hotel but its recent refit meant the rooms were clean , stylish and modern and in this discounted price bracket , that 's quite rare. I had a quick swim in the pool on the last day and walked down to town via the free HK zoological gardens which was delightful and one of the few places you ca n't hear the traffic. the free wifi worked perfectly with both laptops and an iphone. All it took was a code from the reception .

the Bishop Lei is perched above Central in Mid-Levels. Down the steps 10-15 minutes , and you are in Central. To return , take the Mid-levels escalator. If you are looking for a medium-to-low priced hotel close to Central but high above the hustle and bustle , the Bishop Lei is great. It wo n't suit the person who wants 4 or 5 star luxury , but for the more cost-conscious traveler it 's very good. The rooms are small as has been noted , but if you 're traveling alone , it 's fine. Free wireless internet and a good breakfast-included deal makes this a perfect option for me. I 've stayed here often and always been very satisfied .

this hotel has got all the basics of cleanliness and facilities , although the staff were n't very friendly. We were able to get a very good deal so I really ca n't complain , but I will say it is a very tiny space for a couple to spend more than a few days. There is no where to put your suitcase so basically you spend all your time stepping over and around your luggage. There is a tiny bit of hanging space but no where else to put clothes. If you had to pay full price this might be something to consider even though it is Hong Kong .

this is a good hotel in terms of value &amp ; location. Close to the escalator , complementary shuttle bus that runs several routes throughout the day extremely punctual , public bus stop right in front of the hotel , rooms are clean and comfortable , fantastic free internet connection living in Malyasia where you can have a cup of coffee while it downloads , i was having a hard time keeping up the surfing speed . Special mention of the housekeeping staffs. A colleague of mine left quite a valuable watch in the room when she checked out. We left our bags at the concierge to go for meetings and when we came back to pick the bags , we were informed that a watch had been found in her room. She had not even realised it at that time !

stayed 14 days in twin with harbour view. TV in bed room and lounge area , Plenty of space in rooms. Fantastic views. Bathroom with shower. Mini Bar heavy prices for bar stock so fill with your own stuff ! ! Excellent friendly staff. Dont forget the free bus service from hotel to Central and Admiralty in town. Also public transport right outside the front door. Rooms fully serviced daily with fresh linen and towels. Top marks in every respect.Get an Octopus card for bus travel etc. Get refund of unused balance when you leave at Central .

the internet service was spotty then gone. For days. Location , service , and value are good. But if connecting to internet is important , I would skip this hotel. I wish I had .

i 've written about Bishop Lei before - in summary it 's clean , friendly , cheap for HK and relatively convenient. My firm puts 30-40 room/nights a year through the hotel .

stayed here for five nights in March 2009. I requested a single room on an upper floor .

this will be the 5th time we have stayed here. The first year we were ok with the rooms , as you do n't spend all day in bed when you are in a fantastic place like HK. The next year we booked one of the duplex suites. Fantastic views of the harbour and great appartment like room. We do n't have the &quot ; show cooking&quot ; breakfast , but prefer to wander down the escalator to one of themany cafes nearby. The location is great with the mid levels escalators only a couple of minute away. Last year we booked into another hotel in Wan Chai , only to stay one night and then move into the Bishop Lei. It is not luxurious , but immaculately clean and with polite friendly staff I would definately recommend this to my friends. However you do need to be able to be quite mobile as the roads are quite steep .

my wife and I stayed in the Bishop Lei for a week just before moving back to the US from Hong Kong we had lived in HK for over 2 years and found it great. We did , however , get a suite so had a bit more room. Indeed , I would highly recommend this as we heard several people complaining to the front desk that their standard rooms were very small. Not that the suites are huge by any means , but I think it 's worth the extra money. We paid HKD840 per night , which in HK is exceptionally cheap for what we got , but I did notice the price fluctuates considerably depending on when you go i.e. , the price more than doubles for the weekend of the rugby 7s .

bishop Lei is my favourite hotel in Hong Kong. For a fair price , I get a great location , nice view , and good service .

for a group of friends looking for somewhere reasonably priced , about 3 star and central this was perfect .

myself , my wife and my parents stayed 7 nights at Bishop Lei in the latter half of March and were all pleased with the choice of hotel. While I regularly stay in the Novotel in Wan Chai for business I was looking for something affordable , but with a view of something apart from the building three feet away as I was away bringing my parents on holiday to HK for the first time .

we booked this over the phone 2hrs before arriving and we were able to get a discount on 2 Harbour View Suites HKD880 bargin - so the suite consisted of 2 rooms 1 room with 2 single beds flat screen telly and a lounge with desk and sofa with a large flat screen , we had free Wifi which was very helpful as we had our lap top. The bathroom was a good size with hair dryer and normal additionals the shower had two shower heads one detachable. The rooms were all clean and tidy we had massive ceiling to floor windows and nice enough view we were on the 23rd floor which was helpful. The people at the desk were very helpful the location was fine for us as we had already spent 4 nights at Happy Valley area and the bus service out side was very handy and the cabs down to LFK were cheap. All in all we had a lovely stay here and would recommend this place to friends and family. Only thing was breakfast was not included which I prefer in a hotel as it sets me up for the day and I cant start doing the touristy thing right away , they did have a resturant there but we never got a chance to sample .

we stayed one night at the Bishop Lei. It 's a basic hotel in a residential area. It is located very close to the escalators , giving you easy access shops. Bars , night life and shopping are a short stroll away. Although the hotel had free internet access in the room , we were n't able to connect. As mentioned in other reviews , the rooms are very small. That being said , they 're clean and reasonably priced for Hong Kong .

first stay at this hotel. Was warned that rooms are small so booked a suite with harbor view. If more than one person I would definitely recommend booking a suite. Did n't see much of the harbor but the view was still very nice. Loved using the escalator to head down to the restaurants. Central was easy to get to on foot .

a friend recommended this hotel for our 24 hour stopover. The location was very convenient , very close to the top of the escalator that travels from the bottom of Hong Kong Island up to the top. We walked down the steps/little streets &amp ; alleys for a fascinating quick view of the street market scene - found little noodle shops , fruit stalls etc. We took a bus right outside that took us to the point to take the tram to the Peak. Our room was the cheapest one , and it was absolutely fine , for a shoebox ! However , we met other people there who raved about their rooms - particularly one couple who stayed there frequently &amp ; had a suite. It 's definitely worth checking out. Breakfast was n't included in the price HKD 440 inc tax - $ Aus75 . Would definitely stay there again , but in a larger room .

second stay here , chosen because of location near the escalator and reasonable price. And the rooms and bed are comfortable. But do be aware of the fact that the rooms are very small , it was difficult to move around the double bed using the floor ! Also book a package with breakfast only if you want the cooked to order and good breakfast , otherwise a trip up the street is far more sensible. A stingy touch is the warning not to drink the tap water but a failure to provide drinking water. This is completely unacceptable in a modern hotel .

having stayed in various hotels in Hong Kong over the years , I chose the Bishop Lei International House due to its close proximity to the Airport Express terminal and the mid-levels escalator , and stayed for one night on the 19th January 2008. The staff were extremely helpful and efficient. The room and bathroom were very clean with large duvets , big fluffy towels , tea and coffee making facilities , free newspaper and WIFI and a stunning cityscape view although not Harbour View as booked . Looking out of the window , a pool with sun loungers and a nice terrace with tables and chairs could be seen below. After a brief sojourn across the harbour we returned for a good nights sleep ready for an early morning flight. This is where the hotel has unfortunately let itself down big time â € “ the smallest and hardest hotel bed I have ever slept in. What a shame as this detracts from what is otherwise an excellent choice of hotel in a central location .

well it was cheap , in a supposedly good location mid-levels , and close to my friend 's place which was good because I was in transit for about 8 hours overnight , but overall I was really unimpressed with this place .

beware of this hotel. We reserved a room , then had to cancel. We cancelled in plenty of time. But they refused to accept the email cancelling the reservation. In their reservation confirmation , they had some vague instructions about how to cancel--but the instructions made it impossible to know what they meant. As a result , they extorted over a $ 100.00 from us .

although not super-cheap , this is a very good deal for what you get -- a very clean , well-run hotel with modern amenities in a very convenient location just a few blocks from the escalators/steps down to Soho and Central or a very cheap cab ride down .

we 've stayed at the Bishop a number of times this year the latest being December this year. Located on Robinson road near to the escalator and just above Soho &amp ; LKF , the Bishop is very conveniently located to Central Hong Kong. It 's currently under a well deserved renovation but if your out during the day , this should n't affect you too much. Like all Hong Kong hotels , the rooms are pretty small. We usually booked a &quot ; suite&quot ; which for the extra money was well worth it as we ended up with a separate lounge room and bedroom. It 's not much to rave about but it 's comfortable , clean , conveniently located and in comparison to other hotels in HK , pretty reasonable on the pocket ! ! !

the hotel is in a great location at the top of the escalators and is good value for your money in Hong Kong. However , the receptionist desk staff are hard to communicate with. We had to cancel our last night due to airport problems in Bangkok we had to change flights and plans , but trying tospeak to the staff about this was very difficult. We had to insist on talking to a manager as we kept being told no to getting our money back for our cancelled night minus deposit . We were told a manager did not work on Mondays so my husband had to raise his voice to ask for a manager , then one suddenly appeared and helped us sort out the problem .

my husband and I stayed here one night based on a friend 's recommendation for a budget hotel in a good location. The hotel is situated in a very accessible location from the airport subway and quick taxi ride and to all the shopping/food/nightlife. However , I thought this hotel could use a little better customer service , especially at the front desk. I know it may be a &quot ; budget&quot ; hotel , but it does n't excuse poor service see below for specifics .

we spent 1 night at the Bishop Lei. We booked the last room available and happily upgraded on check-in to a harbour view suite on the 10th floor. The room was very small double bed and small bedside cabinets with another room with a couch , desk , fridge and tv , kettle and it had a small shower bathroom. Very comfortable , clean with good aircon and attentive staff who came to see if we were ok and needed a turndown service. The view was great - mainly buildings and you could just make out the water. But no complaints as we had expected a room with no desk with no view ! It was very quiet Friday night .

i was looking for an affordable base of operations in central/western Hong Kong island. Hotel was fine. I stayed in a single room , paid $ 100/night. Room was small but adequate , bathroom was a decent size. Clean room but bathroom had mold in tile grout and shower flooring was loose. Hot water in shower lasted about five minutes , then would cycle cold for 1 minute then back to hot. Annoying when you are in a hurry in the am. Also , conceierge gave incorrect info re which city bus to take to my destination. Likewise , front desk staff gave me wrong weekend bus schedule only week day schedule is printed and I missed bus to train station and had to take a cab. Breakfast was passable but not great. Small gym was nice and staff was friendly in general. Location is quiet , residential and appeared safe. Not a bad experience but I think I can do better for US $ 20 or $ 30 more a night .

this hotel is located in a relatively quiet residential area. Easy access to buses and the mid-level escalator. Service was very good. While there are no good restaurants nearby , the hotel has a small and convenient one. We had the Harbor View Suite on the 16th floor. Photos are attached. While not spacious , the room was more than adequate. I would not hesitate to stay here again .

bishop Lei is a very clean and comfortable hotel in a great location for accessing all main areas of interest on HK island. Do n't expect anything overly flash - the rooms are simple and on the smaller side , but we were very comfortable and had no complaints with the rooms or service whatsoever. Breakfast in the restaurant is very good with a relaxed atmosphere was n't included in our package though . Lan Kwai Fong , which is the main bar/restaurant/nightlife area is no more than 10 mins by foot and escalator. Rooms are not particularly cheap , but for what we got and the location , I would not hesitate to stay there again .

i have stayed at Bishop Lei twice , Dec 07 for 3 nights and Dec 06 for 8 nights. On both occasions the hotel represented fantastic value for money , especially as I obtained a breakfast inclusive rate with Expedia. Note that however you book , an extra 10 % service charge will be added to the bill .

the Harbor View Suite sounds great from other reviews , however after booking online and paying a premium rate , I was offered a room on the 3rd Floor with no harbor view i.e. no water visible only the backs of the buildings in front of the Hotel . I finally got a room on the 9th floor after a lot of discussion. I could at least see a tiny part of the harbor .

the plus for this hotel is the location. I got the room with the view of the harbour and it was pretty awesome. Another thing is it is pretty close to the Mid Level escalator , which is very convenient to get to Central. Also the escalator passes many nice cafes and shops as well as Lan Kwai Fong , one of the happening spots of Hong Kong. The hotel is really nicely located as it is not stucked smack bang in the middle of the Hong Kong maddening hustle and bustle but it is close enough. They also provide free shuttle service downtown .

if you 're not religious , do n't let the whole 'Christian Hotel ' thing put you off. There was nothing spiritual about the place except for the feeling of being in the clouds when looking out from a harbour view room ! We managed to get a harbour view room an absolutel must ! for HK $ 810 a night. The rooms are smallish and the hotel does n't have too much to keep you entertained but you 're in Hong Kong...get out and see the sights. Come to think of it , we couldn ; t even use the pool because there were severe storm warnings. The customer service was ok but nothing to write home about. Location is great but half way up a mountain , expect to do some walking or use the escalators or a taxi ! Nevertheless , great location .

the great aspects include the location. Just a 5 minute walk to the escalator , easy to get to by Taxi and Robinson Road is well known by all , so no confusion on where you want to go .

i am sitting in a Harbour View Suite # 2309 at the Bishop Lei with a panoramic view from both rooms that is amazing. Not only this , but we heard the apes in the zoo this morning , saw an eagle soaring over the botanical gardens below and can watch the star ferries come and go. All of this for $ 960 HK a night ! This has got to be the best deal in HK. If you are here purely to shop , then the midlevels is not for you. But if you want to experience HK , do some touring , shopping and enjoy the restaurants of Soho , this is THE place. We thought we wanted to stay in central and were not willing to pay the price two adults &amp ; one child for other hotels. We have a two room suite here. Everything is clean and new. Large TV , quiet airconditioning , floor to ceiling windows , crisp white duvets , down pillows and shuttle to take us almost anywhere. We are using the mid level escalators , but I can imagine that in August , it would get tiresome. We used the hotel organized limousine service to get here. Very simple , nice and reasonable. The breakfast buffet this morning was passable for the price $ 260 for 3 . Hotel has nice exercise facilities , but the pool is closed for maintenance. It is so nice walking along Robinson street , and easy to get to just about anywhere. Very close to the Zoo and Botanical gardens we can see the animal enclosures below We booked a non-smoking room , but arrived at 7 a.m. and were offered a smoking room. I checked it super sensitive to vile cigarettes and there was no trace of smoking. We were thrilled to have early check in. I love this hotel !

if walking from Central , the hotel is situated near the top of the mid-level escalators which are fun for the first couple of times but I found them a bit tiresome after a while. However , there are a number of buses which stop outside the hotel and taxis are very cheap .

stayed for two weeks. Ca n't find any hotel cheaper than this for its proximity to Central. Love the free shuttle every morning that brings you right to Central/Admiralty. Weird that the hotel does n't post info on this service on its own website. I 'd expected a hostel-like accomodation given the price , so was surprised to find full set of toiletries , coffee/tea making facilities in the suite. The harbour view suite is 280 sq ft , definitely much larger than the 4star hotels I 'd stayed in over at Kowloon. Great pillows , sheets and towel quality .

this hotel is in a fantastic position away from all the hussle and bussel yet only Â £ 1.30 in a taxi to centre. All the staff are very helpful friendly and very welcoming ! ! Exellent at giving directions nothing is too much trouble ! Breakfast great start to the day .Rooms are quite small but very clean well furnished and the views are amazing ! ! The rates are exellent I can not praise this hotel enough. I would give it 10 out of 10 for everything and would stay here again if I went to Hong Kong. Buses right out side door .Request a harbour view room and you will not be disappointed ! Very near to all the tourist attractions ! ! ! Overall exellent in everything ! ! !

we were advised to book a grand harbour view suite by a friend who had told us of the tiny rooms .

this hotel truely represents excellent value for money in a city where this is difficult to come by ! Avoid staying at the horrendous 'Chung King Mansions ' and stay here , right in the centre of Hong Kong Island where the majority of Hong Kong 's attractions are to be found. I would definitely recommend this place to friends .

we party of five - three rooms stayed three nights at this hotel in September and loved it. It does n't have big tour groups staying and has a friendly personal touch. We opted for harbour view suites as they were n't much more than the standard rooms and the views were breathtaking , particularly at night. We loved having a seperate sitting room/dining area from the bedroom. The location was great , bus stop outside the door to Central if you did n't feel like walking down the steps. Plenty of taxis passing the hotel and the the escalator back up from Central was terrific - it did n't exist when I lived in Hong Kong 20 years ago. This is the only place I want to stay in Hong Kong when I visit and I highly recommend it .

stayed here again last week - second time in two years - so that says something. Rooms still small but at least I was prepared for it this time .

my husband and I stayed here during the first part of our trip to HK last year. The hotel itself is very clean , has a friendly English speaking staff , and the location is great for getting a taste of real HK instead of just being in a tourist zone .

we stayed at the Bishop Lei this week while in Hong Kong. The hotel has a great location , the rooms are very tiny. Try to upgrade to a suite with a harbor view and it will be well worth it and its not so much more expensive . The upgrade suite is the size of a regular room in most standard hotels .

i 've been for 5 days in Bishop Lei. Best location in HK central , between Soho and Midlevels just a few steps aside from the escalator Exit Mosque street and turn left . Small rooms compared to European standards . Great view. Can recommend hotel .

i was pretty nervous before arriving at this hotel , I saw such widely varying reviews. Since it is very inexpensive for the area , I booked a &quot ; Deluxe Harbor View Suite&quot ; and requested a corner room. WOW ! ! ! ! ! yes it is rather small , but the floor to ceiling windows in the sitting area and bedroom look out on the most incredibly beautiful perfect Hong Kong view. I got room 1309. SO AMAZING ! !

we loved the Bishop Lei. It was a cool hotel with nice inclusive breakfast and good facilities. The extra touches like evening turn down and spotless room cleaning were excellent .

the hotel is not very , very central but location is quite good , very close to the automatic stairs and 5 minutes to good restaurants .

this is my second review of the Bishop Lei , stayed here for a second time in April 2006 for 4 weeks and still maintain this has got to be one of the best value hotels on the island .

just a warning if you are an asthmatic or have other breathing difficulties : hong kong is smoggy at the best of time , so i always try to get a non-smoking room , and make a written request , citing asthma. so imagine my surprise whn i turned up to bishop lei and was told there were no non-smoking rooms available ! ! yeah , not really surprised.. .

i stayed about 2 weeks at Bishop Lei in Sep/Oct 2000. This hotel is very well-located if you need to access the business district of Central. Coming from a place where rooms are generally more spacious , I was initially shocked at the smallness of the room. To give you an idea , the wardrobe for hanging clothes can hang all of 3 hangers only. However , I found out that alomost all the properties in that vicinity Mid Levels are built very close to one another and the area is very densely populated. Good price if you need to be around that location .

the Bishop Lei is a fairly decent hotel , reasonable by Hong Kong standards , but overpriced compared to other Asian cities even Tokyo . It is in a good location near to the lively mid-levels , the room was small but quite adequate and the shower was good. Demerits - absurdly expensive internet access in the 'business centre ' but this is an across the board thing in China it seems ; lack of compimentary bottled water despite the tap water not being drinkable ; surprise 10 % service charge on room rate .

booked a queen sized bed with harbour view and stayed here August 10-13 on the 16th floor. The view of Hong Kong was fantastic , and while the room was small the location and value for Hong Kong far make up for it .

my partner and I stayed here at the end of May. The hotel is up the mountain a bit , but is two blocks from Central-mid-levels escalator , so it was pretty convenient. It 's not cheap , but seems like a good deal for Hong Kong -- and for being so accessible Central .

let me preface this review by saying that I am a resident of Hong Kong , and in fact own a flat on Robinson Road. During the renovations of our flat , we were frequent guests at the Bishop Lei as it about 2 blocks from our flat. Let me also say that this is not normally the type of hotel I 'd consider - I 'm ridiculously picky .

when we booked we were arranged for a queen sized bed with harbour view. The beds were double and there were no views of the harbour. Having said this , it could have been the agent who was misleading us !

we stayed at the Bishop Lei for four nights. Agree with the other reviewers that you definitely want a corner room--with bedroom and adjacent sitting area. The view is awesome. There is nothing pretentious about the Bishop Lei and it is a bit out of the way , but if spending more than $ 200 per night is not your thing , it 's a very good choice. Our major complaint is that the water is not potable and they do not provide you with free bottled water. Other than this , we were content there and would return .

location ca n't be beat , at the top of the escalators. I had a suite on the top floor , on the corner. As other review stated , the bedroom is in a hexagonal shaped room with windows all around , and the view is awesome. Decent bed , teeny closet. Bring your own toiletries. Stall shower had a bit of mold , but good water pressure .

