we got 7 rooms with 2 persons in each room. The hotel is small , but has elevator. The rooms are small but looks nice. However , if you have a huge luggage bag , you wo n't be able to open it inside the room. The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are clean. Airconditioner and internet will not be a problem. You can eat breakfast every morning as part of the deal , but you might not like it so much... but again it 's acceptable food. Bridal Tea House Yau Ma Tei has is located in a great part of Hong Kong because it is just walking distance away from the train subway , so it 's very accessible if you want to go anywhere in Hong Kong .

this would be my third time staying in BTH , YMT...needless to say , everything is still as fine as before.. .

with regards to the room sizes , I concur with most of the reviews : the rooms are small. However , if we compared that against the location , the price is more than reasonable. The Hong Kong MTR station is less than 5 mins walk away and plenty of good eateries around the hotel. Most importantly , the room I 've got was clean and the bed was comfortable enough to get a good sleep. As I spend most of my time outside shopping , eating , etc , I 'm prepared to overlook the small room .

i read the reviews after we booked the rooms for this hotel. I did n't believe the room was that small until I actually saw it with my own two eyes. Having just stayed the night before at Disney Hollywood Hotel , my 4-year-old daughter cried when she saw where we would be spending the rest of our 5-day stay. At first I thought of booking ourselves another room at Eaton Hotel just a few blocks away on Nathan Road but we were informed that we could not refund our advanced payment so I figure we would just stick it out at BTHH. We were able to adjust okay the rest of our stay. Anyway , we only used the room to take a bath and sleep and most the day was spent going to the familiar sites of Hong Kong. The good thing about this place is that it is near the night market and near the Yau Ma Tei train station which was very convenient. Restaurants were also close by so you need not walk very far to grab a bite .

decided to book this hotel after reviewing many hotels around YMT area are too expensive during the Mar school holiday. Though we are mentally prepared to stay in the small room , we are still caught by unpleasant incidents. I booked 3 deluxe rooms priced at HKD680 thru hotel website 2 mths before our trips , and called them to ensure our rooms r secured n confirmation was also returned. The day me and friends reached , they claimed our rooms are not reserved and give me a small twin room + 1 small double room as compensation as deluxe rm available onli the next night. This not the end , when my other grp of friends arrive 2 days later , they claim that one of the deluxe room was not released as the previous occupants have last mins decide to extend their stay ! Gosh but i told them we already paid the full amt before the previous occupants extention and they shouldnt accept their extention.. I start to doubt their words as 2 days ago when i collect the rm card , the room was not taken Again , they offered us one extra double room as compensation.....The deluxe room was not 3 single bed but a 2 single bed plus a SUPER thin mattress...Request them to get extra blanket n pillow need extra charge. Toilet door , mirror cabinet are spoiled , aircon also got problem ...Overall , I think beside the location , their basic hotel service quality really screwed up and messy. Realli regret not spending extra 20bucks/nite on better hotels. If you want a stress free hoilday.. better think thrice ... .

loud ! tiny ! expensive !

i and my friend were staying here for 4 nights. My boyfriend and I share a double room and my 3 other friend share a triple room. Overall experience was fine just that I can â € ™ t deny that the double room was really small. Bridal Tea House is not really considering a hotel so do not expect the usual hotel services. It is more like a hostel kind of accommodation. Everything is small in the double room , the bed was not even a queen size bed and the toilet is freaking small. When you sit on the toilet bowl , you can basically touch the four walls and the basin. If you are a big size person , my advice is that you should book a triple room. Anyway , it is not very expensive too. Location was good and is convenient. MTR is just less than 2 minutes walk and Temple Street is just round the corner. There are 7-11 nearby and of course the restaurants and some shopping stuff too. I have uploaded some photos , I hope it helps .

you have to set your expectations right for this hostel. For me , is only a place to sleep in at night after going out during the day .

my Wife and I have just spent 2 nights at this hotel. We really hated it , the room was not small , it was tiny ! The WC which was attached to the room was also very small and doubled as the bathroom , the shower was actually above the toilet so you have to do some sort of tribal dance to take a shower , oh and i should mention the fact that when you get out of the shower you are greeted with any of the belongings you managed to place on the tiny floor space , floating toward you ! The double bed was only slightly bigger than a single and was made out of bits of wood nailed together with a thin mattress on top , comfortable it was not , and staff wanted an extra $ 50 for a second pillow ! The lights in the room did not work and the staff were not helpful. From what i gather the hotel has 4 rooms per floor and is 27 floors high with only 1 lift yes it is a small lift 4 people max. We could hear people coming and going at all hours too. To sum up , i would only reccomend this place to you if you are very small and have spent the best part of your life couped up in a small cell and you are looking for somewhere to stay with a homely feel !

just come back from Hong Kong a month ago and feel this hotel was really nice , clean and convenient hotel. VERY suitable for budget traveler as u wont stay long time in the room. Actually is just sleep. Most of the time , u will go out. Not only convenient for YAU MA TEI MTR but for bus also .

we travel in a group of family which consists of 5 elderly people , 5 adults and 1 infant. We booked 2 deluxe rooms which can fit in an extra bed , 1 twin room and 1 double bed room .

most of the twin rooms are about 100 - 110 sq. feet. It was fitted with 2 small single beds , a small bathroom , and a small space on the side that acted as a dresser/ closet .

have just spent 8 nights at this hotel with my husband and daughter. We 're from Australia and although it was very cheap , very close to transport and the Temple street markets , would never recommend this hotel or stay there again .

it 's a really hard one this place because my terrible experience was probably influenced by the area. First off I got lost trying to find the place for 30 mins in the rain. Hard to say if it was the directions given or my own stupidity .

i find it very difficult to call &quot ; Bridal Tea House&quot ; a hotel and a three star one at that . One may argue that you get what you pay for and , in this case , you get incredibly small rooms , tiny beds , in the case of my particular room a bathroom in which the toilet is only three quarters open it 's encased by two walls on each side and a sink directly in front so you are sitting in the 12 o'clock to three o'clock position , water in the shower being too hot to use or too cold , a refrigerator that only works while you are in the room , and paper thin walls. On the plus side , it is near an MTR stop , they have friendly staff , and it 's clean .

we stayed in bridal tea house yau ma tei branch last march 4-8,2008 with my son and a friend , the staff was very helpful they can speak in english and assure you that they will assist you in everything you need .

during my 2nd trip I see how easily one can travel on their on in HK. The MTR and buses get you around very easily. Easier than in Singapore. : D I decided to visit the 3rd time to HK Free and Easy for 6 Days with my mama. Hmmm going with my mum means everything double in expenses. Therefore I needed to choose a clean and very affordable for me to pay for 2 ! Heh as i was searching high and low , I found bridal tea house here in trip advisor reviewed by a Filipino. All thx to him or her.. Oops forgt the gender.. I FOUND A CLEAN , AFFORDABLE and SMAP RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE CITY Accomodation ~ This is the perfect match of all my needs ! It 's just less than 3 mins walk to reach Yau Ma Tei MTR and lots of buses in the main road. And it 's jus behind Temple Street. Oh mine ! Isnt it great !

