we booked the room the day before and got instant confirmation that one room is available and booked for us. We arrived the hotel at 11am and got told that one room was available and we could check in at 2pm. We left out luggage there and back to the hotel at 6pm. The manager said there was no room for us and he could send us to another location of this chain. He also told us to take the bus to go there with our luggage at peak hour in the rain !

i have n't stayed here yet but I 'm doing some research on accommodations for my 6'4&quot ; friend for budget living two weeks in HK. I 've been searching all over the place for things within his budget during peak season October has lots of fairs going on so hotels get packed and charge an arm , a leg and your neck cuz they can . .

i spent four nights here , and since I did n't have high expectations at the price , I was n't disappointed. The place was pretty clean , the room had all the necessities shower , toilet , basin , comfortable bed , mini fridge , kettle &amp ; cups etc , TV and air conditioning all squeezed into a rather small room .

we stayed at the Bridal tea house at Hung Hom for 17 days btw Nov to Dec 2008. The room was spacious and adequately equipped with fridge and hairdryer. However we encountered a number of hassles during our stay. The sound proofing of the rooms suck which means you can basically hear everything that goes on in the next room or out in the hallway. A few idiots smoked in the hallway and in hotel rooms apparently a common practice for the usual customers who stay in this hotel and had to threaten to call the fire department because of the closed air circulation within the hotel rooms. The hotel has a policy to not change the cups/glasses in the room due to health and safety concerns for the cleaners. The rooms are reasonably clean although some sheets were stained. Front desk and kitchen staff are not the friendliest although some are ok. Great location , reasonable prices. Maybe the place for you if you choose to stay out of your hotel room for the most part of your trip .

stayed here again last here in May and still highly recommend it. Good restaurant on main floor , rooms are small but adequate. Hotel rates are great 550 HKD , and the location is good. One block to trams , two blocks to airport express bus .

we stayed here for three nights at the start of our trip to HK and China and were not disappointed. We were looking cheap accommodation that was clean and in a fairly central location and this place did all of these things. The room was very small and fairly basic , but we were expecting this so it was not a problem. The bed was comfy and while we could hear a fair amount of street noise , the windows did a reasonable job at keeping this to a minimum and I did n't find that it disturbed me too much. The hotel is a good 15-20 minute walk from a metro station , but very close to a tram stop and a stop for one of the airport bus routes. In summary , if you are looking for simple , clean accommodation at a reasonable price then based on our experience this place is well worth considering .

hi                                                                                                               . there. i am Paul from the Philippines. I stayed in Bridal Tea House Hotel { the one beside RAMADA Hotel } last MArch 28 to March 31 because i was in HongKong to take an exam.. I can say that it was a good experience since the front desk and staff were acommodating and polite , which made it easy for me to talk to them despite some language barriers. I was even taught how to get to certain places and the staff were kind enough to show me to the nearest tram stop. I can say that my stay was quite comfortable and i did enjoy my stay .

