i stayed there for about 3 weeks with my sister. The location was perfect for us because it was just about 10 minutes walk from my Mom 's apartment. We did n't stay at my Mom 's place because apartments in Hong Kong are small and to accommodate 2 extra adults for a couple of weeks is a luxury .

if you 're living on a budget , the bridal tea houses are an awesome option.. this Aberdeen location is EVEN BETTER because it 's not quite where tourists would stay , therefore the price is much better than anything you would find north of the Aberdeen tunnel. what makes it so high on my list is that Aberdeen has a lot of history used to be a fishing village , and there 's still a lot of fishing boats docked in the typhoon shelter and it 's very local. If your into the 'let 's get lost ' spirit and want to see what local Hong Kong is like , this is the perfect place. That being said , please expect most locals not having very good English. There 's a wide variety of food choices to eat all over - local HK noodle places , Shanghai cuisines , Japanese , Thai , Vietnamese , KFC and Mickey D 's , etc.. Also a huge bus stop that has buses going all over HK buses are my favorite mode of transport as you can see HK rather than being underground in the MTR and not seeing anything but people 's armpits and ads , and once you get to the other side of the Aberdeen tunnel , you are basically golden. Wanchai a HUGE night life semi-red light but has good live bands district is just on the other side of the tunnel , so taking a taxi to and from is n't too costly when you 're done with Wanchai , you wo n't really be in the mood for buses anyhow .

the rooms are small as expected for this price in HK but clean. We had two double rooms--one on the 3rd floor and one on the 5th noticeably less street noise . Rooms in the back would probably be quieter. In a pinch , you could fit 3 people into one of our rooms : two on the larger bed and one on the smaller one. But you would all need to be very comfortable with each other as there is n't much room for turning around , stowing bags , etc .

i had a bad experience over there. Just feel myself being cheated. I had booked a room for 2 for through internet , and even from the preference coloumn i had mentioned i wan na 2 beds in a room. Guess what ? whenever we reach there which is about 10pm , they bring us in a room , which a standard size single bed , and claim that it is double bed , and that is a room for 2 ! i suspected they had rented out the actual double room to the walk in customers .

