i really enjoyed my stay at the Butterfly on Morrison. Very friendly and helpful staff. The room size was fine with a big wardrobe , however the bathroom was very small. Bathroom very clean and housekeeping daily .

i spend about 100 nights a year in hotels and I have the highest membership category in Hyatt , Starwoods and Shangri La .

we spent 2 nights at The Butterfly and can recommend it.. .

we stayed 6 nights in Butterfly on Morrison. 2 adults and 2 children stayed in the deluxe room .

one of the things that I look for when I am booking a hotel is their promptness in responding when you send them emails. I sent them an email la few weeks ago and I had to follow up twice to get a short response. When I sent them follow up questions I never heard back from them. Customer service is not only in person but in every way you communicate and interact with your clients. This hotel falls short .

we have stayed there for two nights 2 rooms with our girls age 11 and 17 dec 4th-6th. the staff spoke excellent english and were very helpful in giving us advice about everything. the rooms were nicely decorated and we were staying at 26th floor. the hill view were excellent and you could see some fireworks in the room because of the opening ceremony of the east asia game. easy to get good food and excellent shopping. great value for money.. .

  Location : Amidst shopping and food area Causeway Bay , near huge mall : Times Square , well-linked to other parts of HK by tram and buses , near the entrance to a subway station Causeway Bay : deceptive though . . . the trains are a very long underground walk away .

i checked out this hotel and the others which are also from the Butterfly chain on Tripadvisor and decided on this on after a few days of research. Since my partner had business to do on Hong Kong Island we picked this one instead of the one on Prat .

stayed at Butterfly On Morrison for 3 nights in a Deluxe Room during a recent trip there. My group was staying at South Pacific but I wanted to try out this new hotel which is having a promo with AsiaRooms. There is also free Internet Access in the room .

we booked the pay-2-nights-get-1-night-free deluxe room from Asiatravel. We were on the non-smoking room on 20th floor with view of the city. Room is small but alright for a couple. Bed is comfortable and clean and aircon cold enough and is adjustable. Room and bathroom are clean. Water pressure in shower is great. We have no problem with the see through glass in bathroom , we think its rather sexy. They have a blind that you can roll down to cover up. Well , maybe they should have a few rooms with frosted glass for those who would not like transparent glass. Only thing we noticed is difficulty in opening bathroom door and sliding doors of wardrobe as they do not have proper handles. Other than that its a great place to stay and the room have all the necessities and location is excellent. No restaurant in hotel but it is alright as there are many eateries around .

i took a supperior room for two nights , and I it was great , Great staff very friendly and smily , great location and great room brand new and fancy , take a supp room to have a bit space in the room , normal are a bit small for me .

i stayed here for three nights after spending one at the sister hotel on Prat in TST. I took a taxi from Butterfly on Prat with my suitcase. The front staff were incredibly kind and offered to hold my suitcase until my room was ready. The staff were continually great for my entire stay , always greeting me with a smile , giving assistance with directions and one even remembered my name .

very small rooms we were in Standard one . It is bearly enough space for one person. Two people will not even be able to find space to stand together in the room : one should sit on the bed : . 2 or 3 sq m is what you get besides the bed.. .

very nice place just opened when I stayed there. modern furbishings. Close to the underground station. Few minutes walk to the race course. Very comfortable rooms and friendlly stuff. Had a bit of a problem with the internet conection , but apart from that I had a great stay at the Butterfly .

my friends and I went to Hong Kong to celebrate my birthday in Asia 's Mega City. A few days before our trip , we were able to reserve our rooms through Asiatravel.com availing Butterfly on Morrison 's 2 paid nights + 1 free night promo for the Deluxe Suite .

we decided to book a three-night stay in this hotel because it is spanking new and Asiatravel.com was doing a three-night-for-the-price-of-two promotion. We booked a Deluxe room , which , as we had gathered from the hotel website photos and from previous reviews , should be big enough for a couch. Yes , the room we had , on the 8th floor , had the facilities advertised. However , it was far too small to be a Deluxe room , as there was virtually no room for a couch. We are skeptical about its category also because of the lack of a glass partition between the bathroom and the room proper , not to mention the floor level it was located. This is such a shame as the hotel is full of potential , thanks to its design and location. We must say the experience was tarnished by the room-size. Hopefully , it was just a mistake made by the hotel and we will be given the right category of room in our second stay upon return from Macau .

stayed in this boutique hotel on the buy two nights receive one night free deal on Asiatravel. We received a Superior room that came with free internet access in the room. The room itself looks pretty much exactly like the photos : comfy bed , small couch , desk , chair , flat screen TV. Everything has a clean and modern feel. The Superior room we were in had floor to ceiling windows on two walls - lovely ! A lot has been said about the glass bathroom walls in this hotel and the Butterfly on Prat hotel. Indeed , there are glass bathroom walls as well as shower doors and for the room we were in 1901 , the room was situated so there was no way to hide behind a door or anything. Hopefully the hotel can put up some frosting on the glass. The staff was excellent and spoke English well. Laundry services at the hotel are really expensive , but there is a laundromat about one block away .

stayed here at the end of September and like other travellers , i took a gamble as there were no reveiws online because hotel had just opened. The rooms were modern and very comfortable , front desk staff were very helpful , and the location was a 8min walk to Causeway Bay MTR. My only concern for travellers is the transperant glass dividers between the bathroom/toilet and main room , if you are travelling with friends this might be an issue - there is no privacy ! The hotel might like to consider frosting the glass for some privacy in the toilet/bathroom. I would definately stay here again and recommend to my friends .

booked the hotel at last minute , from Asiatravel.com for our family trip to Macau and Hong Kong. Rather pessimistic at first since there was no review at all about this hotel due to its recency , however looking at their sister hotel , the Butterfly on Prat 's review , which were generally very good , we decided to take the risk. The price itself was very affordable considering Hong Kong 's pricey hotel , and for a 4 stars hotel , the price is indeed not bad at all !

hi everyone like to share my review for butterfly on morrison hk. ..my husband and i booked this hotel oct.15-18,2009. We are very satisfied with our stay..Very accommodating and nice staff.. we requested for late check out since our airport shuttle will pick us up at 5pm ..they let us extend for an hour....the hotel room key uses sensor to open it.. ours is a twin room 1903 the bathroom door is frosted glass and the room has a nice view of the queen east road. The hotel is almost next door to south pacific hotel.. quite a small entrance for their lobby the actual reception is on the 3rd floor..but these will be offset by the ambience you get from your hotel room since for each floor there are only 4 rooms /floor..there is a big ref in our room compare to other hotel their ref is bigger ..they supplied each room with 2 bottled water/day ! ..the ref is bare so you can buy other drinks and food /fruits you like to put inside the ref..all in all we are very please we have choose this hotel but i might say we are a liitle woorried at first since we ca n't figure it 's exact location.. the staff are very helpful and i have a nice talk with Timothy

decided on a last minute trip to HK so booked this only the day before. Read the reviews regarding butterfly on Prat and seemed like a good chain. This is their second location over on HK island and is recently opened with a soft launch of 60 room but more rooms still to come no construction evidence that we saw/heard . Booked through Asiatravel that had buy 2 nights get 3rd for free making it a very cost effective option .

