hotel is situated just 3 min walk of the MTR station , nearby there are lots of local restaurants and you just walk a little bit away to see those shopping malls. There is a karaoke and pub next to it so at night there is a bit noise , but overall the experience is good. Staff are friendly and room is good for 2 people , they only have double bed. Their baby cot is new too. A little downside is the toilet , which seems that the staff did n't clean it properly , but the shower space is ok. Will stay there again for more crazy shopping if I have chance !

a very nice hotel on the best location possible. Kowloon is from a tourist point of view much nicer to stay then HK island. Rooms are clean and new. Because the serve NO breakfast , the room has a cooker and a microwave. But just go around the corner to have breakfast in one of the bars / restaurants. Recommended ! !

i stayed at the Butterfly for 5nights , and was really pleased with it. Well located in a lively area , nice room just as shown on the website , comfortable bed , good shower , helpful staff , free internet access in the lobby. The breakfast was n't very exciting , but otherwise no complaints .

excellent hotle stay - brand new rooms and very good ambience...good for honeymooners , as well as newly weds..great interiors..keep it up ! ! ! !

i do find Butterfly on Prat is valued for money as the room is big in Hong Kong standard. The room is clean maybe because it 's new. The hotel lobby may be small but trendy. Location wise , I wo n't say it 's far from MTR stations but still a walking distance. If you are traveling with elderly , you may find this hotel is noisy during night time as there are a few pubs along the street. There 's a 24 hours restaurant few doors away , which is convenient and Neway Karaoke is just next door. I 'll definitely recommend this hotel to all my friends.. .

i booked this hotel and stay for one night with my beloved one as it was our anniversary .

butterfly on Prat is located in a dense populated area TST , it has a great transport link from/to airport by bus or MTR .

this hotel is a great choice for travellers looking for comforts. The bed and hotel was very clean , no funny smells at all , with everything brand new and a luxury showerhead raindance shower ! . Amenities like showergel and shampoo decent smelling , hairdryers , in-room safe and kettle were available , but unfortunately no bedroom slippers which is a big no-no in my books .

the location was ok. but what was frustrating about my stay in this hotel last month November 2009 was the way they handled our complaint about the foul smell human odor in one of their rooms , probably from a previous guest .

i booked BOP upon seeing the numerous raves and the affordable price. I guess I went there with too high expectations and ended up being a tad disappointed with the service provided .

just stayed at BOP for 5 nights. Overall experience was good. The staff are very friendly and service oriented. We never need to open the lobby door ourselves whether going out or coming back. The location of the hotel at Prat Ave is fantastic. Its near to all good food and shopping places. I love staying in TST. The only drawback was that the room was abit too cold even though we tuned the temp to the highest. Oh about the transparent bathroom , it was pretty interesting but well it did not come as a suprise to us since we already knew about it from the previous reviews. But nonetheless it was a good stay .

i stayed at the Butterfly for 3 nights , and was really pleased with it. Well located in a lively area , nice room just as shown on the website , comfortable bed , good shower , helpful staff , free internet access in the lobby. The breakfast was n't very exciting , but otherwise no complaints .

this is my first time in this hotel. A small but colourful lobby with smiling face on all their staffs. The room was spacious and clean , a comfortable bed which liked sleeping in a deluxe or 5 * hotel. They got a spacious washroom , I need to highlight the strong water pressure which was one of my concern when staying in a hotel. Although it only have cityview , its location was extremely convenience for me to access different part of HK. Shopping Mall , dining places , bars , subway &amp ; pier all were within walking distance. The most important thing was valued-for-money. I paid a 3 to 4 * hotel 's rate but enjoy a 5 * service which I never had this feeling from the same types of hotel I stayed before .

we arrived at the hotel past midnight , and I was happy to find that our check in information was there and was correct we made our booking through a third party website .

if you want a budget price hotel with high standards of cleanliness and good service , this is it. Our room on 11th floor had twice weekly linen changes and always was well cleaned. Daily bottled water and free use of computer in the foyer were nice touches .

stayed at Pray for 5 nights-no complaints and it is the real deal-bathroom windows are a bit different , looking into bedroom but room is of adequate size and CLEAN. Thoroughly recommended. Good locaton and close to bus to airport , good restaurants and bars nearby .

i stayed here for one night as the sister hotel on Morrison was booked. I took the Airport Express to Kowloon Station and the free shuttle bus from there to a hotel around the corner - very quick and convenient. Upon check-in I was upgraded from a superior room to a deluxe room without asking .

unfortunatelly could not experience full range of hospitality of the hotel. On arrival it appeard that though our booking record is confirmed there is no availble rooms for that day. Staff asked us to go the sister hotel &quot ; on Morrison&quot ; not even offering any transportation - we actually arrived at midnight and then &quot ; to come back tomorrow&quot ; , otherwise cancellation fee will be charged for &quot ; no show&quot ; . 30 mins of argue - we had to grad taxi and go to that sister hotel. Only thing we managed is to agree that they will not charge &quot ; cancellation fee&quot ; ; no word is that this mess was caused by their side .

the Good :

mr                                                                                                                               . Ng and his staff @ the Butterfly were so gracious and more than helpful during our visits to Hong Kong. A great hotel for short term stays the rooms are a bit smaller than north american averages which might concern some visitors. I am disabled and all my needs were positively addressed---stayed in room 708 which was great and on the back of the hotel no street noise .While we were on a side trip to Phuket they gladly stored luggage for us.Unfortunately the breakfast that could be included was a disappointment. My wife &amp ; I are looking forward to another adventure to S.E.Asia and another wonderful experience @ The Butterfly ! ! ! Thank you all again for everything ! ! ! ! !

we stopped in Hong Kong on our way to New Zealand and after having spent hours on internet to get the best hotel deal in Hong Kong we finally decided to go for the Butterfly based on the good reviews read on Trip Advisor. We arrived earlier than the check-in time and were able to have a room right away even if I was not really expecting one... it was before noon ! . The room has a good decent size for a city hotel with a King bed. The Bathroom was nice , clean and had everything you could have needed even 2 sets of toothbrush + tooth paste . Also regarding the lack of privacy due to the glass door , the door is not transparent ! it is made of translucent glass so you have your privacy .

first off.. if you ever stayed in a hotel in manhattan in the price range of usd $ 300 to $ 400 , you would not be complaining about Butterfly..same with Singapore..and many other cities in europe , such as Madrid. .

we stayed here for five nights and it was our refuge from the busy streets of Kowloon. Despite being in a shopping , restaurant and pub area our room was cozy and quiet. We had a room on the back side and had no street noise. We found the staff to be very attentive and pleasant , always quick to open the door and greet our arrival and departure .

if there is one hotel I will never go back to it is Butterfly on Prat. I had initially on reading reviews on this site booked the hotel for three nights ; later on a friend 's recommendation and also from hotel reviews I booked &quot ; The Mira&quot ; on TST ; and thank heavens for that. We still booked this hotel for one night between our trip to Macau and our stay at Disney .

i arrived an hour earlier and although checking in was relatively easy for me , it was not so for another guest who seemed to have arrived much earlier but was still struggling to get his room. The staff at the lobby was sometimes friendly , sometimes not. I overheard some negative comments made about the other guests by the staff in Cantonese at the lobby ; this was totally not professional .

mavellous location to all of the shopping in the area and easy access to MTR to travel around and also within minutes to the Star Ferry to get over Hong Kong Island like Macau. Great price for great location. jus rite outside of hotel are the few teahouse including a 24hr teahouse with nice foods.- just right beside hotel . Room is clean and nice , big enough to lay your luggage on the floor for packing. Towels change everyday with nicely clean up in the room and have Microwave in the room for last min hunger with instant warming up of food from 7 eleven store.Guess they have done something to the clear windows from bathroom after some neg reviews previously which currently allow some privacy if you are travelling with friends. The hotel lobby is equiped with computers for your use that are at no cost , very friendly staffs. Everyone are so friendly , even the cleaner who clean the room. they greeted us with smiles which makes your day .

i stayed in a 15th floor room at Butterfly on Prat for 4 nights late October 2009. This boutique style hotel is located on Prat Avenue which is a fairly busy street in Kowloon with numerous shops , restaurants and pubs nearby. The room was a good size for one or two people and was very well appointed and clean. The room had a plasma TV with satellite channels , bar fridge and safe. The bed and pillows were ultra comfortable which is important to me when I travel. The bathroom was fresh , large and beautifully decorated. The view out the window wasn â € ™ t great but not an issue for me. The hotel itself was quiet during the night however there was a bit of noise from the street even up on the 15th floor during the night however as a light sleeper I used earplugs which worked well. The Star Ferry is only a 10 minute walk from the hotel and the fantastic shops of Nathan Road only a 2 or 3 minute walk. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful. If you like Japanese food there is a nice restaurant outside the front of the hotel serving good quality Japanese food. I would definitely stay at Butterfly on Prat again and would recommend it to couples of all ages and solo people travelling for pleasure or business .

this is a nice budget boutique hotel in a hip kowloon location with lots of restaurants and clubs close by. Rooms are clean but very simple and not great amenities...NO electrical outlet in the bathroom so no hair drier ! The shower and bathroom sink provide no privacy since they have windows directly into the bedroom area. OK for a single traveler but no privacy for multiple guests. The bed and pillows were definitely not the quality level I am used to in other HK hotels , such as Marco Polo and Royal Garden and Langham all naturally more expensive . If the price is similar I would select the Panorama Hotel around the corner. I was on the 13th floor and heard alot of street noise , but not too loud , and no noise could be heard from the next rooms .

rooms are very well appointed , comfortable and amazingly quiet. Shower is particularly nice with plenty of hot water and large shower heads. Flat screen TV with DVD player .

we stayed for 4 nights here and have to say first that the rooms are gorgeous. large , spacious , free fruit in the mornings etc. Very nice .

my partner and I travelled to Hong Kong in mid-Oct and we were very pleased with the hotel room , service and location .

i booked 2 rooms from Sept 18th - 22nd. My 7 year old niece travelled with us. Everything about this hotel was excellent except for the transparent bathroom doors .

it was this site and its reviews that gave me the confidence to spend $ 100 Australian Dollars to book a room at the Butterfly on Prat in HK. Now - I am the sort of traveler that normally always travels for business - where the company puts you up at one of the &quot ; supposedly Swank hotel chains&quot ; that quite frankly - always seem to disappoint and fail to deliver. Let me tell you friends , it 's time to think again .

was on a business trip where my husband tagged along. Excellent boutique hotel , modern furnishings , clean and great location close to MTR. Hotel service was fantastic - helpful , friendly and efficient. Lobby smells great. Indeed , great value ! ! Thanks to Trip Advisor for helping me find this place !

i stayed at Butterfly at Prat for 4 nights. The location of the hotel is not in a glitzy part of town but rather a bustling shopping area , bars and some clubs. Several subway entrances are only a couple of minutes walk. Despite the area being busy and noisy , its very quite inside the hotel. The room are clean , small but classy and adequate. The bathroom is very spacious , the sink was however very low and quite small - a minor problem. The staff was very polite and responsive throughout the stay. You can not get the same quality accomodations for this this kind of money .

i decide to book this hotel through internet after reading the review. And when I got there , I was a bit surprised because the front lobby is quite small..as a matter of fact they have no lobby. Just the reception desk and a couple of chairs. But when I entered the room , I wa satisfied to see the cleanliness of the room. It is a quite new hotel , so the spring bed was brand new and comfy...All in all this hotel really meets my budget and the location is perfect..If I ever visit HK again , I will stay here again..No doubt. .

i found this hotel while i was browsing through the Tripadvisor. At that point of time , there were not many reviews.. But still decide to go ahead with it .

very good value Hotel right in the middle of Tssi Tsha tsui .

we booked a last minute trip to Hong Kong for the beginning of September 2009 as we got great flight prices with Emirates. Normally our hotel choice is very well researched and booked months in advance , but on this occasion we had to make a very quick decision. We chose BoP on the strength of the reviews here and the Tsim Sha Tsui location , and we were not disappointed !

after searching various websites for reviews and prices , I settled on Butterfly on Prat. A great decision. This place is about $ 20 US above the price of a hostel room for 2 people , but is a wonderful place to stay .

butterfly was introduce by my colleague. Service , Room Deluxe Room , Bed , Cleanliness and location , everything is excellent. 3 - 5 minutes walk to Tsim Sa Tsui MTR station. The MTR is very convenient as you can change to the other line. Nothing special around the hotel , but next few shop from the hotel is a Restaurant which is very famous of their curry noodle and very delicious chicken wing. Grab some chicken wing for supper , the restaurant close at 11pm. I have introduce to few of my friends whom are planning their trip too Hong Kong. Keep up the good service and cleanliness Butterfly .

after reading and asking questions here in Tripadvisor and HK forum...we cancelled our room we already reserved in Wanchai area and booked Butterfly with asiatravel.com .

if you are a international luxurious chain lover , please leave this page and hunt for other hotels .

we found the Butterfly on Prat on tripadvisor and , based on other reviews , booked it , as we got a very good rate on ebookers .

butterfly on Prat is a tiny but well designed hotel in central Hongkong. We enjoyed the thorough makeover they had given the building and all the service was excellent .

even as I write this I can imagine that someone could have an amazing experience at this hotel. I had planned on doing so myself , but it just did n't happen. This is not to say that nothing about the experience was good , but that in the end I just can not recommend the place based upon our stay .

we came to know about this hotel through recommendation from my sister. Without fail , Butterfly has impressed us deeply with their excellent service from its staff they are always humble and polite , always seeing them with a smile on their face and speak good english too. Even the chambermaids greeted us wherever we see them in the hotel. and their room its modernly decorated , nice ambience , room and bathroom are very clean , overall we felt very comfortable. On top of the above , we can further comment that they have made good effort in every aspect eg. nice scented aroma everytime you step into the hotel , they tried to upgrade us from a superior to deluxe room once they knew we are there for honeymoon , rendered fast service when a request was made like requesting for slippers - surprisingly delivered in less than 3 minutes and our last minute request in making up our room during late afternoon hours etc . All in all , making a memorable stay for every customer. I would say that this is the best hotel we have ever stayed in and we strongly recommend Butterfly On Prat to our family and friends .

after looking at many different hotels , I picked the Butterfly on Prat and I 'm glad I did. Booked through Asiatravel.com on a stay 2 nights , get 1 night free package. Total came to $ 1400 HKD for the 3 nights. If you take the Airport Express train to Kowloon station , follow the signs for the free shuttle bus and board bus K3. This will drop you off at the Park Hotel 1 block further up Chatham Rd from Prat Avenue , an easy 3 minute walk. Check in was very quick. Instead of a magnetic keycard you see everywhere else , you get an actual key. A very nice touch in the otherwise tiny lobby was 2 laptops for general use. Decent sized room with a very comfortable double bed , LCD TV about 24&quot ; wide and very fast free internet access. Great staff always willing to help. Nice bathroom with a huge shower , nice amenities. The only downside to the hotel is the restaurant , give it a miss , at least for breakfast .

the location is great ! ...the rooms are small , but very clean...i was just disappointed with their buffet breakfast.. very few choices..and 1 time they served us set breakfast only instead of buffet ..the owner of the restaurant is not friendly and accomodating...i suggest you eat outside the hotel..delifrance is just across the street...but overall , i love to stay there again.. .

stayed only 2 nights , wish we could have stayed longer .

the location of the property is great with the food &amp ; shopping at its doorstep. Room was fine for the max of two medium-built people. Room with bare essentials was fine ; only problem s were the handwash basin &amp ; see-through panel from the bedroom. Otherwise , a great place ! !

my friend and I planned on vacationing in HK for our birthdays so i searched asiatravel.com for a hotel to stay at which is comfortable and accessible to shopping and train stations because we chose not to travel on a tour package. butterfly on prat had a promo that if you stay for three nights , the 3rd night is free. after reading the reviews on tripadvisor.com about this hotel , i reserved a room for the 3-night promo .

booked Butterfly on Prat through AsiaTravel and got a good deal at HKD450 per night. Everything about this hotel is great except for the see-through bathroom. I would have been more comfortable if the bathroom does not have translucent glass panel. Had to request hotel staff to bring up the bedroom slipper as it was not readily available in our room. Overall this is a very nice hotel to stay in and the room is quite spacious. Location is excellent which is about 5 mins walk to TST MTR .

i enjoyed my stay very much , as 90 % of the staff at the reception , and the bell boys were very friendly and helpful. I am pleasantly suprised at the standard of their service level , for a new hotel. Saw them handling a few difficult and unreasonable customers , and they did well .

stayed here for 2 nights and sincerely regretted that it was not for longer. : -

after living in HK for a couple of years its now interesting to go back as I find myself more on the Kowloon side than the island. My wife has stayed here on numerous occassions for work so decided to give it a go for my recent 3 day trip. The location is good for those who want to explore TST as it is right near Granville and Nathan Rd 's. It is surrounded by restaurants and clubs. The rooms are very clean and modern and along the lines of most modern boutique/budget hotels. They also have fridge and microwave and the amenities were refreshed everyday. Shower had great pressure and constant hot water. There is a small gym and internet provided in the tiny lobby. It is a great choice for those looking for new clean hotel but dont need all the amenities of a large 5 star .

this hotel was in a great location. Great restaurants , shopping , near the subway station , very clean , nice rooms... could n't say enough. We were only there for 2 nights but when I go back will definitely stay for longer .

i really enjoyed my stay here...I stayed in the Deluxe Queen. I requested a nonsmoking room in a higher floor , I think I was on floor 16 .

i live in China and go to HK regularly to update my visa , so I 've stayed at Butterfly on Prat twice now and will definitely be doing so again .

we stayed at this hotel for a couple of nights to celebrate my wife 's birthday. Patricia and her team made the stay incredibly memorable ! The quality and customer service and the friendliness that each and every staff member displayed was refreshing and completely unexpected .

much has been written about the 'new ' kid on the block Butterfly on Prat , and I think it lives up to its god reputation. I stayede in in a Queen deluxe on a buy 2 nights get 1 night free deal , and it 's great. I have travelled to HK quite a few times , so am quite familiar with more budget accomodation ; I can strongly recommend Butterfly to those who want a bit of space and comfort at an affordable price .

we have stayed in butterfly hotel for 6 nights the next time we 'll visit hong kong we 'll definitely stay in this hotel again .

the hotel lobby is vibrant and it makes you feel happy the moment you step foot in there. Colourful lobby : The staff are very helpful &amp ; nice .

located in a small side street that weould not feature in house and garden , this hotel comes as a plesant suprise. A true botique hotel of 18 floors , only double rooms and the smallest lobby I have encountered. The rooms are quite small but are well designed and equipped , having fridge , microwave , LCD TV/DVD player and the softest pillows that I have had in China - quite a luxury. The bathroom was modern with a good pressure of hot water in the shower. Staying on the 17th floor there was no street noise. I requested a non smoking room on a non smoking floor and was very happy that there was no smell of cigarette smoke in either the passageway or room. Only 100m to the MTR and 50m to a 7/11 store in the same streert. Room cleaning was excellent , the daily complimentary water a positive and there was always someone on duty that not only spoke , but understood English. At AUD $ 100 per night I believed it to be great value having stayed in many other hotels in Kowloon in the past , at much higher rates that offered poorer facilities. I will most deffinately stay at the Butterfly on my next visit to HK

we stayed here for 3 nights and booked the room through Asiatravel. The location is pretty good although the taxi drivers are still not familiar with it because it does not have an equivalent chinese name. As one reviewer advised , mention Guangdong Hotel , Butterfly is just directly opposite. As we arrived late at night , we took a taxi from the airport which costs us HKD250 .

tucked away just off Nathan Road , a great location. Reception is a bit small , but rooms are lovely and spacious by Hong Kong standards. Trendy colours and lights make it a bit different .

it was our 1st time in Hongkong and it really was a memorable one. Be sure when you go out of the hotel you have with you its map coz taxi drivers are not familiar with the place and they hardly speak English. We had a very good time staying in this hotel. It is very clean , the lift is colorful , the room is cozy with a flat tv , ref and more importantly it has a microwave. We had with us some packed food so we just heat it in the microwave and that saved us a lot of money. Their toilet , that 's what they call it in Hongkong , is with a transparent glass recommended for honeymooners . In case you want to leave some valuable items in the room there is an available vault inside .

spent three nights at the Butterflly and cca n't recommend it highly enough. Wonderful , creative rooms and excellent location for shopping. Had exceptional customer service and the rates were incredible for Hong Kong. I will recommend to all my friends and stay there again !

we stayed at the hotel for 4 nights. The staff were excellent , very helpful at all times , spoke good english and always provided service with a smile .

stayed at the property 8 nights with two rooms. The rooms are very nice , clean with a great bathroom and plenty of storage space. The front desk staff was very helpful , friendly and professional. The housekeeping staff was good but didnt always replace amenities. We used the computers in the lobby so didnt access wifi in rooms. The location was great but loud at night all night with the clubs just below. Ask for a room in the back if that is a problem. Since it is so near the Hotel Guang Dong- it is easy to get a taxi. It is also a few blocks from the metro and also close to the ferries. There are plenty of places to eat within walking distance. We had breakfast everyday at the corner cafe TST .

we reached this hotel via Airport Shuttle Bus Transfer K3 service , dropping opposite park hotel. The Butterfly On Prat hotel is just a street away from Park Hotel .

since the hotel is new , the rooms are very clean and nice. The shower was pleasant to use because the pressure and the hot water were easy to use. We had our rooms made up every day by hanging the sign on the door and the housekeeping service was very good. Complimentary supplies , like drinking water , shampoo , lotion etc. were replenished everyday. Staff was courteous and prompt. There 's fast and free internet use in the lobby where two laptops are placed. You can only use it standing up though since no chairs are provided. Location is very good. Lots of nearby restaurants and shops. Very near MTR exits , 5 mins. walk only. The closest one is Exit A2. The big malls nearby are quite far to walk to though .

compared to the 1440 $ HKD /night we paid at the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel , the Butterfly was an absolute steal. We also took advantage of the pay 2 nights stay for 3 promo Asiatravel.com . My wife and I actually preferred the rooms here Deluxe , the super comfortable beds and the location over the Marco Polo and would gladly stay here even at full price. I will definitely stay here next time for any leisure trips. The only people I would not recommend Butterfly is for business travelers on big expense accounts as there is no overpriced restaurants and services to pad your expenses at Butterfly ! As others have noted the standard rooms are actually located on the quieter side of the building than the deluxe rooms . We also were awakened at times from the street noise but was not a big issue for us .

stayed at Butterfly on Prat for 4D/3N and booked 2 Deluxe rooms. While I did not get to see the slightly lower-priced Superior Rooms , I suspect that the only difference between the two would be the view from one 's window....which really does not matter all that much since the hotel has no harbour-view rooms. I think the superior rooms are in fact slightly better even if they face the back of old apartment buildings as they are more quiet than the deluxe rooms which face Prat Avenue. The pubs and restaurants lining Prat Avenue can get really busy until after midnight and we were awakened by a combination of noisy pub crawlers and honking taxi cabs at around 3 a.m. I 'm not sure if it would make any difference if one is booked at a higher floor because the noise along Prat Avenue can get really bad at times. I will book a Superior room next time to ensure a more peaceful sleep. Other than this noise issue which is really not the hotel 's fault , there is nothing to criticize about the hotel. At roughly US100 nett a night , this is currently the BEST deal in a city known for stratospheric hotel rates and sometimes spotty service. Butterfly on Prat does not have a grand lobby with huge flower arrangements and gloved , snooty butlers at your beck and call but it offers nice rooms and friendly smiles from its genuinley amiable staff. Last thing...the beds , duvet and pillows were very nice .

i am in HongKong for 4n3d. The hotel location is 3 mins walk to TST MTR A2 exit and the airport shuttle bus stops directly opposite the small lane of Butterfly On Prat Hotel .

well most things are told already - the location in Tsim Sha Tsui close to Nathan Road , MTR stations and Star Ferry is just gr8. The hotel has a big advantage : it 's new , means bed , furniture , bathroom details are modern and show no wear ! We appreciated a lot the EMPTY refridgerator - means you really can store up drinks , breakfast stuff and so on , the microwave might be helpful too , we did not use it so - after all there are lots of restaurants nearby. Flat-TV is installed on wall , DVD player also available .

currently,enjoying my stay at Butterfly. A nice , small , and neat hotel in the middle of Kowloon Busiest District. So far no complaint. It 's really worth to stay. The room small , but not a bird cage type as other hotels .

i stayed at this hotel from 6 March for 8 nights. The hotel is situated in Prat Avenue opposite the Guandong Hotel. Taxi drivers may not be familiar with this hotel so you may need to use the Guandong as a nearby landmark. The hotel is also served by the K3 Airport Express minibus from Kowloon Station and the A21 bus stop is close by on Chatham Road South. It is a boutique style hotel featuring a 28&quot ; LCD television , generously sized double bed , microwave , switchable air conditioning , small fridge , electronic safe , kettle , DVD player. The hotel provides broadband connectivity although this is chargeable - there is no wi-fi provided. However , the hotel provides residents with the free use of two laptops in the lobby area. The bathroom was reasonably sized with a roomy shower cubicle. The only drawback for some maybe the lack of privacy for the bathroom due to use of clear panels thoughout .

newly opened boutique hotel offers minimalist design comforts. If taking the airport express train , exit Kowloon Station and take free complimentary bus , K3 to hotel. Upon arrival , my room was upgraded by reception at no extra cost , stayed in room 1705 and 1805 , both superior size accomodation , 28&quot ; LCD TV , mircowave , fridge , comfy queen size bed , electronic safe , ample bathroom amenities , shaver , toothbrush etc , complimentary bottled water replenished daily. No breakfast is provided but not really a problem as there are many eating places outside , eg Delifrance just a minute walk across the road. There are two laptops offering free interent access in main lobby. There are also a number of trendy bars along the street. Excellent location for shopping , Ocean Terminal is approximately 15 minutes walk. MTR Tsim Tsai Tsui 10 minutes so all in all a hotel in a very convenient location. Han , the chambermaid advised sheets are changed daily at this hotel , whereas the Langham Place in Mongkok is believed to change sheets every other day. The only slight drawback is it can still be a little noisy even on the high floors and there is not much of a view from the hotel windows. Fitness room located on the 5th Floor. Asiatravel.com currently have best rates at 550 HKD per night although its appears the room rates are starting to rise .

everything about this cozy boutique hotel is something to rave about except for the bathroom , which is quite &quot ; interesting&quot ; . The translucent glass panel of the bathroom may be an attraction for newly-weds or couples in a romantic get-away , but definitely not for firends travelling together who value their privacy in the bathroom. We asked the front desk manager if there were rooms with twin beds , but the hotel only had queen-size beds. You could ask for an extra bed but they charge extra for that .

easy TO GET TO !

we booked thru Asiatravel.com @ HKD 500 per night for the Superior Queen. We choose this hotel as it was Newly opened in Dec08 &amp ; the special rate considering its location in Tsimshatshui. Free Airport Express shuttle bus K3 from Kowloon Station , the bus dropped us at Guangdong Hotel , just directly opposite Butterfly , checked in @ 1230pm . Its was new , so everything was clean &amp ; perfect. Great TV channels , comfortable bed but soft pillows . Please note there is a see-thru glass panel @ the basin , a semi transparent panel/ + bathroom door , there is no absolute privacy when using the bathrm. If returning to hotel late night , do n't forget your own microwave &amp ; fridge ---&gt ; there are Circle-K + 7-11s along the road , grab a frozen pack Dim Sum &amp ; head back to hotel room for supper.. Overall satisfied &amp ; i wan na compliment the service oriented Bell Boy i think he 's from China whom is extremely friendly &amp ; helpful .

