as many reviewers have said , yes rooms are small , bed is comfy though. In particular the bathroom is tiny. We had to shower pretty much right on the toilet. But for a bargain price of under $ 50 AUD per person including free WIFI , we could not complain. Check in was efficient and staff were helpful , and we were able to store our luggage on the day we checked out for a few hours too .

hotel staff were very helpful and friendly when we arrived a few hours ahead of the check-in time but as the room was ready we were shown the way .

what I can say about this hotel that has n't already been said in other reviews ? The anser is not a lot. All I can offer you is my experience and that is that despite a few faults , it 's a good place to stay. It may not be the best value though I did n't think it was that bad , be the biggest but this is HK , so who 's expecting a palatial room for a single ? and it is incredibly easy to hear other people in their rooms .

i chose to stay at this hotel cos of price and location , i didnt know what i was going to expect. This was a commercial building and turned into hotel , its about 2 yrs old. The lobby is located on level 1 , and the staff was ok could be more friendly . When we checked in , staff told us if we could upgrade to deluxe room if we found the standard room too small...i eventually did , cos when i opened my room door the twin bed were in front of me , no where else to walk and no where to put suitcase. the toilet was even more ridiculously small , 1mtre square , there was no tub , so you shower between the toilet and the basin. So the deluxe room is a better option , with more shower space and more roomy. The hotels only have two lifts , so during the day it takes a while before the lifts come...and each lift capacity was only 6 and 8 people. One of my biggest concern during this stay was the noise outside , as its located on nathan road , the bus and traffic was non stop day and night , even on the top floor , level 14 , i could still hear the traffic and i had a lot of trouble getting to sleep .

only one night was OK - &amp ; bonus was we did have a window in room 804 which I assume was a standard twin. Very small room - if you are over 165cm - you wo n't fit in the bathroom which is 1.2 x 1.5m all up. In that space is a toilet , handbasin &amp ; a shower. Go in without clothes , put a mat outside glass door &amp ; come out to dress. The shower is a detachable rose on wall between the toilet &amp ; basin - take it off and stand in very small space in front of basin - and try not to get everything too wet !

there was nothing that really impressed me at the Casa Hotel. Rooms are not modern , beds reasonably comfortable , room lighting is poor , walls are thin so I heard more than one of my neighbours , location is convenient but not great. Free wifi was good , so there 's a plus. Strangest thing is the lack of a shower stall. The bathroom has a sealable door and the shower hose is attached to the wall next to the sink. I 'm not averse to such features , but not at a 3 * hotel. I rate the Casa a high 2 * related to other 3 * hotels in HK where I have stayed. And I paid a 3 * rate , thus my low rating .

casa Hotel is located in Kowloon next to a subway station. It could not have been more convenient. The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly. By room was so small I could almost touch both walls when I lay on the bed. The toilet , shower and sink are all in one tiny closet like space. The only way to take a shower was to soap up then use the hand held shower-head. My knees banged the wall when I sat on the toilet. Obviously the rooms are designed for people smaller than me - 5 11&quot ; When I arrived my bottom sheet was stained but to be fair when I complained they changed it right away. I gave this hotel a thumbs down because of the room size ; however if one is less than 5.10&quot ; this might be a good place to stay .

i chose this hotel for 3 things internet access , accessible area and a mini fridge to keep water cool. i was asked to switch upon arrival to a standard room that did n't have a fridge ; in addition to a double twin room that i did not care for as i was a solo traveller. if it was n't so close to everything i would have just walked away from my reservation and told them to blow me. the units are just like most in hk hotels , micro sized with about a 1m x2mx3m bathroom that your knees hit every time. to be honest for the price i could have gotten something much better right on the island , im supposed to go to hong kong again and i do n't plan on staying here again. the walls are paper thin and you can here just about everything going on in your hallway and adjacent units so if you sleep light this isnt for you. most of the time they do n't have the room you want available even though you have previously reserved it beware of bait and switch policies. needless to say my room did n't have a fridge so i was drinking room temp water when its almost 40c outside .

rooms are very small like other hotels in Hong Kong , but clean. Twin bed room is recommended because it is bigger than a double queen size bed room .

