i spent 2 nights in this hotel , at the first glance it looks great , location , entrance , hall etc etc but very desapointed when enter the room , normal room , try to take a supp room to have some place , do not stay in the normal room with 2 persons , impossible to move .

hotel :

ok , so the room is small , but it 's HK so that can be forgiven. And it 's not that close to the MTR station , but if you 're not in a hurry a 7-8 min walk is not so bad although you do have to pass the dried food streets so you 'd better like the smell of dried Chinese seafood . The style and the cleanliness of the hotel are all good .

this hotel is situated on H.K Island ,In the older ,very interesting area called the mid-levels.It is 7 mins walk away from Sheung tube Station .

the Central Park Hotel offers great value in an interesting location. Staff were helpful and friendly ; the room clean and pleasant , though on the small side for a westerner used to bigger spaces. The location is a plus : the hotel is situated at one end of Hollywood Road aka Antiques Street with its myriad of antique shops , modern art galleries , cafes , bars and restaurants. It 's a pleasant walk to the main thoroughfares in Central , and close-ish to trendy Lan Kwai Fong. On the other side of the hotel is a charming traditional Chinese garden , complete with ornamental carp ponds , little pavillions , old ladies doing exercises and old men playing draughts - a nice place for an after-dinner stroll. Nearby too are colourful places like Dried Seafood Street , with its desiccated sea slugs and dried sharks ' fins etc I know - I winced too . Ask for a room overlooking the garden , or spend a bit more and get a bigger executive room up high for views of skyscrapers etc .

until I found this hidden jewel of a Hotel , I thought Boutique Hotels did not exist in HK. Do n't get me wrong HK has some of the best Hotel 's in the world , and the price reflects that. While Central Park is a true value for the money. Friendly staff , recently renovated lobby and rooms as well as a great lounge. I am looking forward to going back .

we checked in very late at night due to some delays in our flight. Staffs at the reception were friendly and brought us right to our room. At first glance , the room is neat and tidy. But we found that the beds were abnormally low ; bathroom was unusually large too. The wall-mount LCD TV was painfully small ! Worst of all , THERE WERE NO WINDOWS ! ! !

hotel is located in the Sheung Wan area close to Central. Hotel is extremely clean ! Rooms are small , but beautiful. Staff are friendly as well. Breakfast was excellent ! Would definitely go back to the Central Park Hotel Hongkong .

we stayed at the hotel for two nights and booked an executive city room at HKD 990 / per night taxes included . We got a room on 20th floor and a stunning view to the skyscrapers of Hongkong â € “ not quite the calibre of IFC or Bank of China , but buildings tall enough to impress us and give the genuine HK feel to our stay .

certainly not luxury , but great basic hotel if you prefer to save your money for shopping , massages and eating/drinking like we did !

this hotel room size is small but the staff very nice and friendly. Bellboy and housekeeping very helpful and they will smile with you anytime. When check in I need use some time. The location also is my love. I think I will stay this hotel again .

this is my first time to stay in this hotel. Room is kind of small but fine for one person like me. The staff had made up the small room issue. Reception staff always smile and friendly. Bellboy very helpful and they can tell you a good place to eat or to go. Love the location , 5 to 7 minute to subway station or tram station cable car . It also a reasonable price hotel , I sure will stay in this hotel again !

i have stayed here twice ..and yes , the rooms are tiny and the bathroom is IN the room but it is a great location .

this hotel has several things going for it ; cental location , well appointed rooms and reasonable rates. However , it has one major disadvantage - the attitude of its staff ! ! !

i found everything about this hotel to be average if not below par. Understanding that this is Hong Kong , the room is of average size , the amenities soap , shampoo , etc are average , the location is average about 7 min walk to the MTR , the desk staff sometimes were surly and other times helpful. While nothing was especially good about the hotel I was disappointed by the lack of water temperature control either scalding hot or tepid and the lack of light in my room. While this was great for sleeping and the bed was fairly comfortable it made working difficult. Not likely to stay here again even though it was somewhat inexpensive. Their other property , Lan Kwai Fok Hotel , is better value even though more expensive .

this place is good value for Hong Kong but in a way , you get what you pay for. I was lucky with my room which had alot of light but my friend had to change rooms 3 times. The rooms are fine for 1 person but small for 2. The integrated bathroom is fine , small but fine. Good location for being in Central. Make sure you ask for non smoking room if you prefer , and you may get a better quality of room as i think they are on a different/better floor .

i was there for a business trip. the room is tindy but enough for a single travel . or someone who is not too picky for the size. great for younfg business trip. you can feel it was just refunsihed from very old building though.. overall ... it 's a clean , nice , small , design hotel .

i stayed here a couple of times last month and thought the place was great. Rooms were fairly small but well designed , and both had a nice view. Staff were friendly and helpful .

we have just recently returned from 6 nights at the Central Park Hotel...we had a great time even though the airport had been closed for 10 hours just prior to our arrival due to torrential rain and flooding. The service was excellent all through the stay and the room was well presented , clean with plenty of toiletries and a clean shower/toilet. The location was ideal near the older part of the city near most of the antique shops and about 10 minutes walk from the main street...another 10 minutes to the harbour. It was n't an expensive holiday and we wo n't forget our 25th wedding anniversary celebration

i really do n't know what people are complaining about this hotel for. Fine , it 's not the Ritz but... you 're not paying for the Ritz. Rooms were plenty big enough and served the purpose. Staff friendly and helpfull calling our airport transfer company for us when they were late etc .

i wanted a hotel in Mid-Levels. There are n't too many. The Central Park Hotel is in the same chain as the Lang Kwai Fong and is a 'boutique ' hotel ie small lobby. The entrance is smart and overall atmosphere 'cool'. Fine with me. Check-in effortless and business-like. Nice garden-view room with floor-to-ceiling windows. Bed nice and firm and plenty of space for me. Phoned down for some extra tea bags and paper and it came up fast enough. Fell asleep without shutting the door properly and concierge knocked to check all was OK. Did n't get around to using the breakfast room but maybe next time. The hotel is located in Sheung Wan which is an interesting area in its own right and ate a couple of times in the neighborhood of Western Market. MTR and trams a short walk away. There is also a nearby HSBC. A 10 minute walk along Hollywood Road will get you to Soho and the escalator. Next to the hotel is the Hollywood Road Garden which is the 'garden view'...a nice place to relax. Would I stay here again ? Yes for sure : good value for a room ~ 1000 HKD .

i know , that Hong Kong has small hotel rooms , but our newly renovated garden view double room at Central Park Hotel was the tiniest I have ever stayed at. It was literary no space to put the luggage. If you need to use a lap top in the room , you will have to search for space on the deck really hard. Deck at the same time is a counter for the sink. Shower is good , but be careful adjusting the water , for me it was either too cold , or too hot. I would not say , that there is no privacy in the bathroom , the glass walls are matte and you can not see through it. The bed is low , but comfortable , which is a great find for any Asian hotels. Nice touch was a fruit basket in the room. Hotel , room and bathroom were spotlessly clean .

apart from the convenient location of the hotel about 10-15 minutes walk to the nightlife , bars and restaurants of SoHo and Lan Kwai Fong and its proximity to the MTR , bus stops and tram stops and being in a part of Hong Kong which has a very 'old Hong Kong ' feel about it with all the ginseng and Chinese herb shops , there is nothing good about this hotel .

the hotel is better than I thought ! It is very difficult to find a hotel room in Hong Kong during the Chinese New Year ! After reading all the previous reviews , I had concerns. But this is the only hotel with room available and at a rate I could afford. so here I am .

hotel is right at the end of all the antique shopping on Hollywood Rd. The room we had was very small but the staff was nice and most things were easy walking distance. Not close so when i say walking i mean 15 to 30 min walk. I would pick this place again if the price is still right .

went into this hotel this morning to book for my parents at Christmas. I asked to look at a room. The staff were EXTREMELY rude- there were at least 6 members of staff standing around and none of them came to my assistance when I was stood at the desk for 10mins. There was one other person checking out at the same time and the receptionist asked if I was checking out and I said no but I would like to look at a room. He basically ignored me and started to served the person who just arrived at the desk behind me. Another 5 mins past and I asked if I should come back later and he barely gave me a glance and said if you like. I will not be putting my parents at this hotel â € “ terrible terrible service â € “ they will not be getting my custom ! ! They should remember that first impressions count. Although I did not get to see a room , the hotel looks new from the outside with a fairly small lobby where the reception desk is. The hotel is in a good location though about 10mins walk from MTR .

having looked online for accommodation at a reasonable price , Hong Kong was pretty expensive , so I decided on the 3 star property which is Central Park. It was 130Euros a night , so we expected reasonable , comfortable but not luxurious accommodation. Nothing really prepared us for this hotel .

i 'll try and keep this short. I checked into this hotel after a hospital visit for major eye surgery and stayed for 2 weeks , I just needed a place to recover. I contacted them before checking in and they quoted me a good rate. At checkout time I looked at the bill and found they had not stuck to the original agreement and had overcharged me by quite a large amount. Despite repeated attempts at finding a common ground they refused to budge. AVOID ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

pros : clean room , lcd tv

i stayed at Central Park Hotel for 3 nights. It 's small , but i have read the reviews about it , so i was n't really expecting a big place. It 's clean , and ac was good and strong. I like how the color make the room look very cozy. The shower was kind of weird. when one is showering the other can see thru the transparents glass , so do n't stay at this hotel if two of you are not comfortable watching the other person shower or maybe if one shower the other has to leave the room anyway , i had a pleasent stay. I definitily will go back there. It 's a good price .

i stayed at the CP Hotel from Oct 24-Nov 4th 2006. This hotel was in a great location , right on Hollywood Road which is where the antique markets and shops are and 1 block up from Queens Road Central .

stayed at this hotel from 22 Oct 06 - 27 Oct 06. The room is small but clean. Confirmed the bed is hard as what others have been telling. Never never agree to stay on level 1 room number 1XX , ask for room at least at level 2 and above. Rooms on level 1 really really [ -- ] , dirty , smelly and kind of different standards compared to rooms on the other levels. Most of the rooms smelled tobacco. The staff is not very friendly. The location is quite far from shopping centres and malls , but there are many eateries near the hotel .

i stayed at the Central Park Hotel for 5 nights in Sept 06. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful , and the hotel to be nicely furnished and clean .

we stayed at this hotel in March , 2006 for 8 nights. Let me first touch upon the negative - The bed was very hard , making it difficult to get proper sleep. The hot water did n't work consistently in the shower resulting in a few cold showers even after our comments to the staff. The room was small , 240 sq.feet , in fact the shower cube was in the sleeping area. Many rooms at this hotel are under 200 sq. feet. Some on line sites list a restaurant at this hotel , there is none .

stayed at the central park hotel in Nov past and was impressed with the location the look of the hotel etc but the BEDS - rock hard do n't do if you like soft beds we contacted the manager not luck , luckly my brother speak perfect chinese and was able to move our rooms to a better bed , you got the feeling they smile and said yes but did not really care much , apart from that nice looking hotel , nice facilities -Good value for money product but do n't except the personal touch

i chose this hotel because it was an expedia special rate. The service was great , everyone was very nice and helpful. However , the rooms were not nice at all. The carpet was stained and dirty , the bed was as hard as a rock I actually looked under the sheet to see if there was accidentally a wooden board underneath , the room had a stuffy stench , and the hot water in the shower which was rusted and dirty lasted about 60 seconds both days. It is a great location , however I 'd only recommend it if you are going to be out and about all day , and will only sleep a few hours .

i stayed one night at this hotel and thought it was fine. The location is at the end of Hollywood Rd , so it is about a 10 minute walk to Soho and the antique shops , and about 15 minutes to Lan Kwai Fong .

for HK and the location , the hotel is a pretty good deal. I was looking for a cheap but decent hotel for a night and this fit the bill - A short walk to all the resturants in Soho , clean rooms , right price .

