a cozy little hotel situated near the Tung Wan Beach on the opposite end of the Ferry pier , 5 minutes walking distance . Access to the rooms was only through a staircase no lifts , hence may pose a problem if you carry heavy or large luggage. Stayed in a standard room but was pretty spacious compared to mainland HK standards . The bathroom/shower stall was a 'luxury ' and there was a 'nice ' feature installed meant for courting couples but I shall leave you to visit the hotel to find out what it is. Check-in and check-out was prompt and efficient in the usual HK manner but the staff may have difficulty conversing in English .

a charming B&amp ; B located in an ideal location on Cheung Chau , close to a beach and the ferry pier. Small rooms but kept clean by a friendly staff. Ideal for short stays although we lived comfortably for 12 days. A small but tasty breakfast menu gave a choice of both local and western meals. Also of note was the roof terrace which gives a lovely view over the delightful island of Cheung Chau. Will use again .

the Cheung Chau B &amp ; B also known as the Tung Wan Guest House is located on one of the Hong Kong Outer Islands 45 min ferry ride . We stayed two nights and found it a great value. Located only some 100 yards from the ferry terminal. The rooms are small but ultra efficient , clean and modern. Breakfast Western was minimal but adequate not a place you would linger over breakfast . But who would want to when there is so much good , cheap , food around and lots to see. There was a night attendant and they happily provided us with a carafe of boiling water early mornings. Cheerful and efficient staff. Overall a great value. Cheung Chau Island is just delightful. You can immerse yourself in an authentic community. The B &amp ; B , apparently a novel concept on the island , is a first rate , budget value. Recommended , but be prepared for the tiny rooms. If you can get it , pay for the larger unit. Apparently avoid the island on weekends of HK holidays , when it 's very crowded .

