as we only had 4 days to plan our spur of the moment trip to Hong Kong I was in a bit of a panic as to where to stay... had no idea about the different areas of Hong Kong and we were on a tight budget.. .

very pleased with our choice of hotel .

these serviced apartments are in a good location and they serve their purpose very well. Our room was quite small but it had everything you needed for a few days in Hong Kong. You could make breakfast and a one pot meal with ease. There was a tv and dvd player if you wanted an evening in .

the location was tops , shopping &amp ; ferry round the corner. No restaurant in hotel but big choice of well priced restaurants and bars in street and kitchenette in room. Room basic but clean and ideal for a family situation .

just back after a week at Citadines Ashley. I read the reviews here and was not disappointed at all. Hotel is near transport , shopping , restaurants , convenience stores , and anything else HK has to offer. The room was clean , recently refurbished and very pleasant. Free inroom broadband was fast and so necessary for travelers like myself. Three rooms per floor so quiet. Staff pleasant and helpful. The bed is hard though. I often visit HK and decided to try another hotel after the one I usually use had been dirty and with surley staff. So impressed with Citadines Ashley I 'll be staying there again soon .

good location , convenience to go around , a bit expensive but nothing cheap for hotel in Hong kong anyway. Room is a bit quite small , but clean and well-equipped with everything .

stayed here for 8 nights Jun 8 to 16 , 2009. Rooms are decent size by HKG standards and comfortable. The beds are very hard - but I find that comfortable - so no problem for me .

we stayed here for 3 days. The room was pretty small and basic but had everything you could need. It was quite modern , minimalistic but functional. We had a fridge , even a hob and cupboards full of cutlery and dishes. Do n't think it would be great if you plan to spend a long time in the room , but for us we spent all day out and about and literally just slept there. Who goes to Hong Kong and spends all day in their hotel anyway ! ? ! There is no in house restaurant , so no breakfast but you do n't have to walk far to find something. There was two 7-11 's within a minutes walk . The room also had a plug in cable for internet , no WiFi as far as we could tell/

rooms are very small

have stayed here twice - if I 'm not on a budget to afford my all time favourite Hotel LKF on HK Island , this is my only other option. Citadines apartments are great value , and HK is no exception. Tell me one other hotel in HK that has free broadband , a lounge room area , a small kitchen , and DVD player for this price ! Great location , great value. Check out Citadines in Shanghai and Xi'an as well. I 'm at Citadines Xi'an whilst typing this - similar layout to HK , slightly bigger , and cheaper ! Enquire on the hotel 's website for promotions before booking through third party websites .

we are staying at the Citadines from April 14 to April 18. The hotel is located on Ashley road , which is somewhere between Nathan road and Canton road. The hotel is an apartment style hotel. You basically get a bed , small kitchen area with dishes , microwave , small cooking stove , bathroom , small two person sofa/sleeper .

we had a great stay at this hotel in Nov 2008. Staff very very friendly and were happy to help us. Room was a good size with a sliding door that could separate the main bed from the pullout sofa bed. Location is excellent..close to shops , restaurants and MTR station. Only complaint is the bed was extremely hard.. my daughters pull out bed was alot softer...but this room was $ 1000 AUD cheaper than the YMCA so we thought this was well worth it !

â € ¢ Stayed here in October &amp ; the foyer was under renovation which was a pain. The entry to the lobby was very thin , only one person can walk down it at a time. Only one lift was working which meant sometimes there was quite a wait &amp ; it often smelled of paint .

we just came back from Citadines Hongkong Ashley , we booked a Studio Executive at HKD1040 per night , overall experience are good. I was with husband and my 2.5YO girl .

i stayed at the Citadines before and liked it very much .

it has everything I need , all in perfect condition. I was given a free upgrade which was possibly why I was quite impressed with the room. Check-in/check-out was fast and nice , the location ca n't be better unless you prefer to be on Hong Kong Island on the other side. A variety of restaurants/eateries were readily available on the same street. Only negative part was the renovation in progress. Made it a little stuffy in the public areas like lobby and corridors , and I had to share the elevator once with a workman and his ladder. The fire alarm was also triggered twice in the same day but they turned out to be false alarms I figured that one out coz I was in the shower and did n't run out , and it turned out fine both times . Conclusion , unless you are really fussy , you 'll like Ashley. I did .

my partner and myself stayed at the Ashley Apartments in Hong Kong for a week in October last year. Ashley Apartments was great. The room was a good size , with a lounge that could be seperated from the bed by a sliding door. The shower was a tad annoying as it wet most of the bathroom floor , this was a minor issue though , you just learnt not to put anything on the floor. My main issue was how hard the bed was. I have a super soft bed at home though and a slightly bad neck and my partner thought it was fine , so if you do have a bad back think again about this hotel. The little bar on the 2nd floor was also great for a few drinks and snacks before dinner. It 's ashame they did n't have a proper cafe or restaurant though for breakfast. Dinner was n't an issue with so many restaurants in the area .

i stayed at the Ashley apartments , in Tsimshatsui , Hong Kong , over the Chinese New Year for 5 days .

i was in Hong Kong for 18 days , and stayed here for 11 days from November 23 - December 3 , 2007. The hotel is conveniently closed to everything , MTR station , food and shopping streets are nearby , walking distance to waterfront view at Tsim Sha Tsui. Feeling safe staying there with elevator 's passcode to the floor of your room. I had noisy neighbor guests next door and they seemed to always slamming their doors , esp. in the early morning hours 1-3am . Daily service with clean towels , bed got tidy up but no new clean sheets. I disliked the standing shower , the drains do n't seem to work well and the water kinda floods the toilet area. The prices are expensive compared with hotels. I actually paid less staying at Metropark Kowloon for 7 days earlier. My friends had a deluxe room which a bit larger and less &quot ; squeezed&quot ; than the studio. They had the same problem with the flooding water when showering. Deluxe room has extra space for a small sofa and a coffee table. If you like to cook on your vacation , then I recommend you stay here and get Deluxe room. Three rooms per floor , a little stuffy in the hallway and the elevator .

my boyfriend and i stayed at the Ashley apartments for 7 days from 8th to 15th September 2007. We stayed in a studio room room 203 .

