we were amazed at the new refurbishment of the hotel itself after viewing complaints of dilapidation on the website. We were especially happy to be received by very friendly staff. The cleanliness of the room is impeccable and beyond complained. We would especially want to give excellent comment to booking staff Ms Y Lau and a reception trainee , Hilda , who had displayed excellent manner and help during our stay. We were originally staying at a different hotel in Causeway Bay , but were forced to look for other hotel for reasons of its compact-sized room for 3 adults staying in a less than 100 square feet room . Ms Lau , at our enquiry , immediately gave us a room which is newly renovated and had more room for three of us. It is clean , cosy and comfortable. Hilda served us with good manner in the reception counter. This is a good memory for us and we would like to recommend this hotel to any visitor in Hong Kong ! If the hotel is to provide free internet , it would be far better !

stayed in the City Garden for 10 nights and found it a great VFM hotel. Staff were excellent and the room was clean and tidy. Location was handy for all local services and transport was readily available nearby for going further afield .

we were disappointed with this hotel as it was part of a tour and the other hotels had been of a high standard. The room was OK in itself with everything you would expect but the bathroom was not clean at all with hair everywhere and the sheets on the bed were very damp , which made it very difficult to sleep. We had had a very long day and had already unpacked so we could not be bothered to change rooms but in hindsight maybe we should have. The morning was also not helped by a lack of hot water .

very recently got back from staying at the City Garden for 2 nights whilst in HK. Immediate impression is...&quot ; wow&quot ; .the lobby is very plush and very attentive staff. We made the mistake of taking the high speed train from the airport , then the metro the guy at the airport directed us to the wrong metro station..so we ended up having to walk longer than we should have.. . Word of warning , if you have heavy luggage , get a cab from the nearest mainline station from the high speed train , the metro with the never ending escalators , stairs..and more stairs , it 's just way too much agro , as the hotel is quite a way from the airport .

we stayed in a Deluxe Room at the hotel in November 2009 for one week and had the advanced breakfast package. The hotel location and facilities , the standard of our room , the quality of the food and service in the restaurants , the ambiance of the bar and the general front desk service was very good and I would heartily recommend this establishment to those visitors to Hong Kong on a â € ˜ City Break â € ™ .

we stayed here for 2 nights on way home from NZ to UK. If we re-visited would stay on mainland rather than the island as area not very nice. MTR excellent and cheap for getting around and of course the Star ferry. Hotel very Chinese but staff welcoming. Do n't take first room given as we were given a supposedly non-smoking room which reeked of cigarettes so asked to be moved and we were moved with no questions. Rooms quite small but clean and comfortable . Tea and coffee making but powdered milk supplied ! Surrounded by 27 storey high tower blocks Swimming pool on 2nd level outdoor again totally enclosed by these unattractive apartments. Internet access on 26th floor fairly inexpensive. Bar in basement very dark and not welcoming. Satay restaurant very good and buffet breakfast excellent included in price . We had arranged through Trailfinders for &quot ; meet and greet&quot ; at airport and we were very glad we had. The airport is on Lantau island and it takes for ever to get into HK proper. Going back we took 1 1/2 hrs so allow plenty of time .

this is a great value hotel very close to all the action of Hong Kong. The location may look a little out of the way on some maps but it is actually very good. Its only 2 mins walk from Fortress Hill station and from here it only takes 10 mins to Central and 5 mins to Causeway bay with all its bars , restaurants and shops .

i have stayed in this hotel 3 times - thought the price was ok and location was not bad , so decided to come back again this October for 3 nights. We booked the premier room , which was supposed to be nice from memory , but we got given a room on the 6th floor , badly renovated , and noisy room. It 's not BAD but it 's just not really up to the standard. Then came the bad service. We checked in , someone said they would take our luggage up. We went up to our room , 1 hour later , no luggage. So we thought we would go out for some shopping and dinner , then came back at 9pm and still no luggage. Rang up , the front desk said they would chase up. Half an hour later , still nothing. So I went downstairs to get them myself. Their excuse was - we came up once but you were out. I am sorry , this is just not the kind of service that is acceptable .

the City Garden is not exactly in the heart of things , nor is the surrounding neighborhood although apparently safe very uplifting , so if you want to be where the action is , either in Hong Kong or Kowloon , or if you are put off by urban grunge , you will have to pay more for &quot ; better&quot ; locations. But if , on the other hand , you are willing to invest some moderately substantial time and energy , using public transportation to get to where you want to go , and if you can tolerate workaday , big city sights and smells , then the City Garden is a good , reasonably-priced , clean , well-run place to stay .

stayed here recently for a 2 week holiday and were quite happy with the hotel. Location is bit away from all the happening parts of Hong KOng Island but can be easily reached by bus or MTR. Room was a little tired and could have done with some refurbishement , but saying that had everything you need air con , fridge , hair dryer , internet access &amp ; tea/coffee making facilities , Safe &amp ; Ironing board on request . We had a meal in the Hotel Satay restaurant which was fine , and had breakfast once in the hotel which was OK but a little expensive .

we booked a premier room for 3 days 2 nights stay at city garden hotel hong kong via www.agoda.com. Everything was well taken cared of including my request of 2 single beds , non-smoking room and high floor. Check in was a breeze and we were up in our room in no time. ]

travelling back from Australia I spent two days in Hong Kong with one night at the City Garden. Although I arrived at 10 am I was immediately shown to my room , which was large , very modern , with good quality furniture and soft furnishings , cocealed mini fridge , tea/coffee making , complimentary water &amp ; toiletries , large flat screen tv with cable channels , very modern bathroom with bath as well as shower. The staff were absolutely superb , service was wonderful and nothing too much trouble. Hotel guests are given discount vouchers for the coffee shop , where magnificent buffets are served at very reasonable prices and the service is superb. The hotel operates a free mini bus services to various points. As it was extremely hot in Hong Kong and my flight did not leave until midnight , I was extremely grateful that Kirsy , my travel agent who always comes up trumps , had arranged a 6pm check out at no extra charge .

we stayed here for a night in a deluxe room and we had a relaxing and comfortable stay. I even fell asleep at the window sofa. It was so comfy .

we spent a couple of days at this hotel while my husband attend a conference. I went along to do some sightseeing. This hotel is a older Hilton hotel. The bathroom is small and the air condition is pretty noisy when the fan is on. The decor is outdated. The location is very convenient and near bus stop &amp ; metro. You can get to DC in 25 minutes on metro orange line. The service is fine. The staffs are helpful with the direction and maps are readily available. If you do n't mind the noisy air condition fan kicking on &amp ; off , it will do fine for one or two nights. Value wise , it is not cheap &amp ; internet is extra. I would say you are paying for the Hilton name and convenience to DC .

we were really pleased with this hotel. We caught the A11 bus from the airport which stops about half a block from the hotel on Electric Road no need to lug your bags up and down the MTR and its way cheaper . Although we arrived before check in time , they gave us a room so that we could take a shower and rest. It was n't a problem at all for them to switch us from that room a twin room to a queen room. At first , they gave us a room on a smoking floor but when we requested a non smoking floor they did n't hesitate to change us again. Everything is really clean , rooms recently refurbished and the room is serviced daily. You also get the newspaper too. While it is not in the middle of all the 'action ' its very easy to travel by MTR everywhere. Air con was great too , which is what you need when its humid ! We were on the 18th floor so noise is n't a problem. Would definately stay there again .

i stayed here recently. The hotel was fine , but it is definatley away from the action. Its in a fairly residential area. The MRT is nearby , but walking in the heat is probably not worth it. I personally wo n't be staying here again. Breakfast was fine. Some of the lower floors seemed not to be renovated , and looked dodgy. Mine was ok. The fitness centre was old .

best Hotel at North Point , located opp. Olympia Plaza and access to prime business places. good for couple of days stay. reasonable rates .

we had a lovely week long stay at this hotel. It was well located just a few minuets from Fortress Hill tube and buses and trams .

this hotel is not the greatest when it comes to being super clean but I have yet to find a hotel in Hong Kong that is. I 'm sure some of the super expensive ones are but who can afford those. For the value , City Garden is outstanding. The location is on the Island in versatile North Point , near the Fortress Hill MTR stop. The price you can usually find for well under $ 100 , sometimes under $ 70 US per night. You will be hard pressed to beat this price for a decent 4 star Island hotel .

the hotel was booked by our travel agent and when we got there a deposit was insisted upon as we did not have a credit card. we eventually convinced them to remove the mini bar from our room so we did n't have to leave Â £ 500 .

just returned from an April 2009 stay in Hong Kong. Hotels are expensive in Hong Kong. So if you would like to stay in a modern western style hotel room but not have it cost you a fortune then City Garden is a good choice. It 's very conveniently located next to the train/subway. Our room was big , comfortable with a plush king size bed and modern bathroom. The hotel staff and their customer service was exceptional. I hope to go back to Hong Kong again someday and will definitely stay at City Garden .

i booked a room through a Chinese website , www.ctrip.com , and got a very good deal of HKD495 per night , i stayed in the hotel for two nights .

large rooms , convenient location , good breakfast .

we stayed at this hotel at the end of a 2 week holiday , and it was a pleasant surprise .

i stayed at the City Garden Hotel for a one night stop over on route from London to Sydney .

city Garden is located on Hong Kong island very close to the MTR station Fortress Hill no more than a 5 minute walk . This area is not touristy at all and is a real residential area , so you see much more of the real HK than if you stay in Tsim Sha Tsui. From the airport , you can either make your own way by using the airport express train which takes you to Central on HK island and then going by MTR to Fortress Hill costs about $ 105 HK each way and is very well sign posted , or by taxi close to $ 300 HK or arrange a hotel transfer in advance we emailed the hotel prior to our arrival in HK . The train was really easy , quick and comfortable but with children or a large party , an arranged hotel transfer might be a better option having done both options on different occasions as you will be taken right to the door of the hotel .

we booked this two-night stopover to NZ through our travel agent Trailfinders so we got a good deal - plus a late-checkout for our evening flight. The service was excellent , and for a 3-star hotel or what we thought was 3-star , it felt more like a 5-star given the size and quality of the room. Ca n't remember what floor we stayed on but it was quite high up and looked out of the front of the hotel over the pool . Monsoon season meant there was no point taking a dip in the pool - we just had to step outside the door to get a soaking. MTR station around the corner though , so easy to get around. However breakfast was extortionate for what it was - although unfortunately given the fact that we could find NOTHING nice to eat anywhere in the vicinty , breakfast was the best meal of the day ! !

the hotel is well positioned near a MTR station so very easy to get around .

stayed at hotel in march 2008 , excellant hotel found the staff very friendly and helpfull,they could not do enough for you. The rooms were nice and comfortable , the maids were there every day to clean rooms , I found the hotel very clean and a good enviroment to stay in.Also the hotel was located in a good spot so it was easy to get around by foot and if you wanted to go further there was always a taxi outside the lobby waiting any time of day or night. It was a very enjoyable stay i would stay there again and reccomend this hotel to anyone else visiting Hong Kong .

i want to confirm what was said by the other reviewer regarding higher pricing for foreigners... it happened to us too. In my case , it 's 1400HKD per night plus 10 % service charge .

after seeing the poor reviews here , we went with low expectations. But surprisingly , it turned out to be a pleasant stay. We were upgraded to Club Room. Think it was one of the recently renovated rooms. Clean and comfortable. The hotel is also convenient as MTR station is just a couple of minutes away , and there is also complimentary bus shuttle services provided by hotel to shopping district and the Central stationl , where the airport express is. The check in and check out was also fast and smooth for us .

we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights on our trip to Asia , we arrived at the hotel at midnight and it took 25 minutes to check in. When finally getting checked in they asked myself and my husband if a room with two single beds were ok. We said no and said that our booking confirmation stated that we had a deluxe double room booked. He said this was not a problem and booked us into a room with a double bed. Finally getting to the room we discovered that the main light in the room did not work and with it being about night time we could not see to unpack. We contacted reception who after waiting 10 minutes sent an maintanance guy to sort the light. He confirmed after 15 minutes that there was a problem with electrics and started to try and sort this out , by now it was about 1.30am. My husband contacted reception and said it was not good enough , they told him that no other rooms were available. My husband insited that they moved us and they then managed to find another room ! ! It was now 2.30 in the morning ! The room was a fairly good size but was was very dated and not too clean. The bathroom was a fair size but we had a hole in the bath ! ! The room was very noisy and everytime that the room above turned on their shower it sounded like a plane taking off , the hotel blammed this on the plumbing .

hello,

the City Garden Hotel is comfortable but it is under renovation Sept 2008 on floors 5 and 6 and moving up to the 15 + floors. I booked through Wotif and while I can often get a good deal from that engine they are so big now they are slipping with their discounts. I took the â € ˜ Secret Deal â € ™ which is booking a Hotel without knowing which one it is. I fgured it was City Garden as the description was exactly the same as the listed City Garden but I saved HK55 .

my husband and I spent 2 nights at the end of July at the city garden and It had been booked by our travel agent as we had decided on a stopover on the way to Saigon. i was a bit apprehensive having read some of the reviews. When we arrived at the airport , our transfer had not been sorted out by the travel agent and we had to get a cab. At the hotel reception staff were very helpful and the concierge said he would sort it. I then requested an extra bed in our room as our daughter had flown from Saigon to meet us for the 2 nights. This was no problem and the bed was brought to the room within the hour. The next day we had a note under the door to say transfers were sorted out and gave us times for airport minibus. We found our room clean and comfortable . It wasnt absolute luxury but certainly not unpleasant or dirty. When we went to pay the extra for our daughter for her bed in the room and transfer for her to the airport , they told us it was fine and no payment was required. There seems to be very mixed reviews about this hotel but our experience was an excellent one.The staff were all very polite and pleasant and nothing was to much trouble. We would certainly use this hotel again. Thank you City Garden Hotel !

we stayed 4 nights at the City Garden Business hotel , arriving on the 19th July and checking out on the 23rd July this year .

i go to HK nearly every month. My 'regular ' hotel was booked up solid so I went on a desperate search for something in the same area North Point and came across this City Garden Hotel. I was out of pocket at the time , and so a Chinese friend of mine called to book the room for me. Mind you , this was a 'cold call ' directly to the hotel reservation desk. The reservationist first quoted a room cost of 590HKD per night for a standard room. Then , when my Chinese friend gave my passport information , the reservationist asked if I was a 'foreigner'. My friend asked what difference that made ? Well , apparently it made a big difference because the price for that same room suddenly became 1400HKD per night in a matter of seconds. I 've never encountered this kind of trickery before , and I hope I never do again. But I felt I should let folks know about this hotel 's policy toward foreigners. It seems we get the foreign discount of 150 % increase. Beware. I ended up booking a room at Hotel JEN .

i stayed there for over a week and a half and was very impressed with the cleaness and service of the staff. The staff spoke very good english and most importantly it was very spacious. It 's close to a convenience store and only two blocks away from the MTR station , which was very important. I would definitely go back .

we arrived at the hotel in the evening after a 13 hour flight , so we were tired but the receptionists could hardly speak english ? so it took more time to book in than usual .

having read some of the comments , I can not understand that someone could have anything to moan about with the hotel. Check in was very quick , staff were polite. The rooms were made up every day without fail and cleanliness was good. Housekeeping came in every evening to close the curtains ; we were supplied with bathrobes , slippers and bottled drinking water .

we were shown two rooms at this hotel and they both stank to high heavens ! The brown carpets and brown brillo pad type blankets were disgusting , the smell stuck to the back of your throat. We booked through a booking agency which waxed lyrical about the garden view , all we saw was a derelict fountain opposite. The beds are like jelly , so one to avoid if you have back problems. We arrived and after seeing a standard and executive room checked out immediately cancelling our booking with the hotel .

this Hotel in Hong Kong is a Four Star establishment , in an advanced country. I have never been to a four star establishment that does not vacuum carpets , or change bed linen before , so this was a first ! The carpet was black and looks like it has never been cleaned since it was first laid ; the linen is not changed but just shook and replaced on the bed. Our child was covered in bites from bed bugs and we all developed a skin rash due to the amount of dust mites living with us in the room. We were constantly itching whilst trying to sleep .

the weather in HK was wet the week we were there , but the inside of our room was too. I have never met such awful condensation. We could not open the windows even a crack : reception explained that this was for safety reasons because the room was on the 24th floor. They said the condensation was occurring because it was warmer outside than inside ; this was not true , but after our complaint the condensation mysteriously cleared up. Complimentary water , with a little tag on it , was supplied when we arrived : when more bottles arrived also with little tags , we assumed they were complimentary as well , but discoverd when we checked out that those little tags had been advertising a &quot ; promotional price&quot ; of HK $ 58 per bottle the bottles were available in 7-11 for HK $ 14 so beware ! Other than this , the hotel was average ; the room was OK but the TV was rather elderly and there was some noise from the lift motor ; breakfast and the bar were very expensive. If you choose to stay here , the address is North Point , but the nearest MTR is Fortress Hill it 's then a very short walk and there 's an airport bus stop the A11 near that MTR station. The Newton Hotel just down the road was better when we stayed in it four years ago .

have just returned from a 9 night stay at the City Garden with my family children 11 &amp ; 12 . We had a great holiday in HK and the City Garden provided us with a comfortable base from which to venture out in to the frenetic activity of the city .

the City Garden Hotel is located 2 mins walk from the Fortress Hill MTR railway station in the North Point area of Hong Kong. The location , whilst underwhelming , is reasonably convenient for sightseeing as the MTR is incredibly efficient .

i have just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel .

as a break from the norm we decided to spend our summer holiday away from the meds crowded beaches and head for the even more crowded destination of Hong Kong .

the Hotel City Garden is located in North Point .

the City Garden Hotel is conveniently located near the Fortress Hill MTR stop. It 's a nice hotel , with stylish decor , however , the rooms are a little dirtier than I would expect , and some rooms need some updating. The furnishings are definitely showing some wear .

can very recommended. Great location. Very clean. Nice outside swimming pool and jacuzzi. Cute little gym. Very quite place. 2 min from MTR and Tram. and few min. walk to supermarket.Nice restaurant too , but quite overpriced. Only thing were the recepcionists. Not really friendly and poore english. Always looked at me like at an Alien. Anyway great value for money. If anybody want some advice about HK...will be happy to help .

this is our second time stayed at City Garden. I agree some reivew although upgrade the room , the room size not very huge but very clean and fresh. The housekeeper do a very good job , change the bedding everyday and make the room very clean .

very Clean and Modern Hotel with full facilities. The rooms are clean and comfortable with Tea and coffee tray ,good size bathroom All rooms are furnished with twin or queen sized beds and offer broadband internet connections , electronic safes , a wide choice of television channels .

i stayed at the City Garden Hotel because it was across the road from my brother , who lives in Hong Kong. I was initially a bit worried about staying there because I thought it looked very utilitarian , but I must say , I was pleasantly surprised. I booked a room on the Club floor and stayed for 7 nights and I was delighted with everything. The room had been refurbished and was very spacious , although the view of apartment blocks was a bit bleak. Still , I was n't there for the view ! The bathroom was magnificent and I really enjoyed the Club lounge , although I did n't use it that much as I spent a lot of time out and about with my brother .

we stayed at the City Garden for three nights in November 2007. We booked the hotel with bed and breakfast through a hotel website. The hotel is located about a ten minute walk from the subway line. It is a bit tricky to find on arrival especially after a fifteen hour flight and then train into the city , as you need to use an overhead passageway to cross the main street. However once oriented , we realised that we could simply have followed the street to arrive. Check in was rapid and very easy. Being a quiet neighbourhood , the room was quiet and quite spacious. It has an in-room safe. It overlooked a small park where we could see locals doing Tai Chi in the mornings and huge apartment buildings. Breakfast was excellent â € “ no doubt the best of all the hotels we stayed in during our two month trip. The hotel staff was helpful and friendly. The cable selection on the television was very diverse. The hotel itself was about five minutes from the tramway and local buses. This made travel around the city and the island very easy. For example it took about 15 minutes to get from the hotel to central station .

we stayed at the City Garden for 8 days. The room was clean and very modern with an adequate sized bathroom typical of that kind of hotel . We upgraded to an executive room and those floos did look better than the standard room floors.so I would advise an upgade as its not that much more money .

the location North Point is too far from the downtown area and surrounded by drab blocks of flats .

we arrived here from a stay in Australia and prior to that Singapore.Our travel agent Trailfinder had secured excellent accomodation in the rest of our trip.After checking in ,we were taken to our room and our cases deposited with us.We found the room to be smelling strongly of damp and other unidentifiable smells.The bedding apart from being damp resmbled world war 2 army issue.The carpets were badly stained and damp ,there was dirt in all the corners.For the first time in my life I found myself photographing filth conditions in any hotel I have stayed in.When I contacted the front desk their solution was to offer an air freshner ! After a struggle we were offered a room on a higher floor.This was marginally better and we had to accept this as we were only staying two nights .

we have just returned from a week stay at the City Garden Hotel , Hong Kong .

booked the City Garden while searching the web for a reasonable hotel for our budget. Was pleasantly surprised with City Garden. Check-in was good. Since our arrival coincided with the Trade Fair , we were upgraded to a room in one of their premiere floors. There was the smell of smoke in the corridors though fortunately , this was n't the case in the room itself. The room had a very modernist feel. The furnitures and decors were obviously newly refurbished. Needless to say , the room and bathroom were both very clean and came with the standard amenities. We also had complimentary internet access in the room which was an added bonus .

have stayed at teh City Garden a couple of times now so I guess I 'm a repeat customer which is indicative .

the City Garden Hotel is a top notch hotel. I enjoyed my stay there. It is close to shopping areas , and the MTR , which brings you to great shopping areas and such. I loved my vacation to Hong Kong largely because I stayed at the City Garden hotel. The staff is incredibly helpful. I would recommend this hotel to any travellers to Hong Kong .

really excellent value family hotel. Not as smart as a five star but perfectly smart and clean but the prices are low and it is only a 10 minute cheap taxi ride to anywhere in the centre of Hong Kong. Breakfasts are great. The roof top pool is a bonus .

we stayed in the City Garden in Hong Kong on August 16th for three nights. The taxi from the airport took about 10 minutes , it is true to say that when you arrive you think 'this is a bit out of the way ' in terms of the surrounding area. However , once you got into reception it was all different. The service was fantastic , friendly and we received an upgrade without even asking ! The rooms are nice , although try to get one with good view .

after reading the previous reviews regarding the rooms we was a little worried about the state of the rooms and their smell. When we arrived we were automatically upgraded to a room on the higher level rooms , with the explaination that the roomwas n't ready. The room was fine , it did have a slight musty smell but nothing that could n't be lived with for the time we were there .

stayed two nights from 8/24 to 8/26 in 2007. We did n't want to spend too much so after much research city garden is one of the least expensive among 3 stars hotels in hong kong island .

city Garden is a modern hotel in an excellent location for exploring Hong Kong near to the v efficient MTR . The room was clean and comfortable and the staff helpful. The breakfast and bars are v expensive , so I would n't recomment them. The pool area is n't great , but we did n't have time to swim - there were so many other things to see and do .

just back from 3 days in Hong Kong , our first visit , 2 parents and 3 adult children , booked through Trailfinders. Lots of positives about the Ciy Garden Hotel although we really only slept there .

we loved our stay at the City Garden .

there 's a big difference between the type of rooms the hotel offers. I had the Superior Room for the first few days , it 's dark and outdated. It 's on floors 2-7.I upgraded to the Executive Club Room , brighter and much more comfortable. There are smoking and non-smoking floors .

this hotel is very convienent to the Fortress Hill metro station and

on arrival at the City Garden I did think &quot ; Oh Dear&quot ; .....But once inside the reception area was pretty neat. The staff were friendly and gave us a room upgrade which was cool. The room was small and compact but clean and cosy. The Garden Cafe was excellent , couldnt fault the food or even the price .

we got a good deal to stay here through Cathay Pacific Holidays. Upon checking in , we were delighted to be told that we had been upgraded to an executive club floor room. Thinking it was our lucky day and having stayed at similarly named rooms at deluxe hotels , we had high expectations , however it was really just a room and there was no fancy club lounge or extra benefits. At first glance the room looked nice and modern , however upon closer examination you could tell it was a bit of a show. Nothing terrible , although the bathroom in particular was small and not very practical. We also had a problem with the shower not draining properly and having to spend half the time ankle deep in water ! However we chose to put up with this and not report it to the hotel .

room was dark with deep brown color old furnitures , view was horrible too when opened the curtain. And then water from shower.....was so thinnn dribbling even i tried to turn both hot &amp ; cold water taps to the maximum ! I requested for changing room but was turned down , and a plumber was sent i didnt think he 's a plumber , as i noticed he did exactly what i did before ! and didnt bring along tools with him . i finally complained to the manager direct and after lots of hassles then they finally decided to change to another room ! This is ridiculous .

having spent a great deal of time researching hotels on Trip Advisor the City Garden was recommended to us by Trailfinders .

we wanted a hotel close to our relations ' flat , so this was one of the closest hotels , geographically speaking. The location in fact proved to be very good - easy access to the tram stop , and the MTR station was only a hundred yards further on. There were always a few taxis outside the hotel if you needed to get anywhere in a hurry , and equally , coming back from Victoria City or Central as it is colloquially known is quick and easy by taxi , or MTR. Buy an Octopus Card prepayment for all public transport except taxis

stayed with my family at the hotel for 6 nites. Assistant manager on duty was very prompt in answering my request to change to another room as the one allocated was not very clean. Staff at front desk and in housekeeping department were helpful and basically effective in their service. Loved the location of the hotel as it is very near the MTR train station and there are many eating places and shops just a street or two away. There are a few 7-11 stores just next to the hotel but things are cheaper and can be bought from the local supermarts namely Welcome and Park N Shop. If you love a quiet and simple hotel with a garden view , this is the one for you .

i stayed at the city garden hotel for 1 night. This is my second visit to this hotel and it has improved from 1998. We had a low cost flight from singapore which arrived early morning so naturally our room was n't ready at 11am. This was n't a problem for us as we went and did some sight seeing and on returning about 4 pm the hotel had upgraded us to an executive room which was very high standard. All was clean , comfortable beds , nice marble bathroom. Reception was always busy but we were dealt with fast considering the queue. We never ate in the hotel , we always found cheaper and more choice just around the corner from the hotel. Location is ok , in my opinion its in a more &quot ; local&quot ; part of the city so you need to take the mtr for more or less everything. If you get a chance do go and visit the disneyland here , its no Florida so I 'm told and its not meant to be either so I do n't know why on earth most people compare it to others around the globe. All in all a good hotel and I would stay there again should I ever want to visit Hong Kong in the future .

summary :

i booked this htoel because it appeared on our Travel Agent 's list for Hong Kong and appeared to be good value for money. I assumed that Trailfinders would have done a good job of checking it out , but a few days before arriving I looked at some of the reviews on this site and wondered if we had done the right thing .

we stayed in this hotel for two nights in October 2006 as part of a tour package. Given the previous reviews we had low expectations but it was clean and comfortable. We did not eat in the hotel. The tour guide did say we had been &quot ; up graded&quot ; to the 13th floor so I wonder if the key to the differences between the previous reviews is which floor you stay on ? However when the lift doors opened at various floors they all looked well decorated and clean. The distance from Central/Kowloon did not bother us as both trams and MTR are very close by .

after reading the reviews here , we were concerned about our 4 night break here as a base for sight-seeing but we need n't have worried. We booked with Trailfinders who were excellent and we got a higher floor with a modern looking room and only a slight musty smell as can be expected due to the climate outside . The Garden Cafe restaurant offers a good choice of food at average prices and breakfast was more than fine .

if you 're going to hk for shopping , then definitely stay in causeway bay or tsimshatsui. there were very few malls/department stores and restaurants around this hotel. the rooms were dirty. since i had been allergic to dust mites , i know it immediately if a place is dirty or not. aside frm that , my brother and i also felt itchy ! i definitely wo n't recommend this hotel. this is the worst of the worst !

arrived about 22.30 from London , reception and booking in very good and quick .

i stayed here with three friends. The rooms were very tired and quite dirty and the whole floor 9th smelt damp. My two friends had numerous bites in the moring from bed bugs. Although the location is great , I would not stay here again .

the staff are really friendly and the rooms are a good sixe and have all your really need. It is in a good location close to the MTR , several bus stops and a tram stop !

i stayed here for 5 nights as my usual Kowloon location was fully booked due to April trade shows , but it gave me a chance to see this very old part of Hong Kong that was new to me .

used this hotel as a three night stop over on our way to Auz. We arrived jet lagged at 0900hrs there was no problem in getting a room straight away. The staff were excellent and the room covered all bases , in a non touristy area which we liked , great local restaurants , very close to MTR .

stayed here for just a few days on way back from Australia. Thought the staff were lovely and the accommodation was very clean and not too small as it was only something like â ‚ ¬ 60 per night. Foyer is lovely and food is fine. It was located just on the edge of the touristy area but clos also to the beaten track so to speak - it is right beside where locals shop , eat etc so you could really find the bargains. Would return here tomorrow if I had the time .

i stayed at the City Garden Hotel for almost 3 weeks in November , 2005. The hotel is only a few minutes walk from the MTR submway and there are plenty of restaurants , supermarkets and drug stores near by. The hotel staff were helpful and pleasant. However , the room I stayed in was simply filthy. The bathroom smelled like sawage despite multiple cleaning and bleaching. It was explained to me that this was due to the old plumbing system of the hotel building and there was nothing they could do about it. I tried to change to another room , but they all smelled the same. I also suffered from bites by bed bugs. When I reported the problem , they quickly changed all the beddings and shampooed the carpet. The bed bug problem went away , but the carpet was still very dirty. All-in-all , in my opinion , this hotel needs to be overhauled to keep it 's 3-stars rating .

