stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights. I have actually booked the hotel based on the very positive reviews in Trip Advisor. Upon arrival at the hotel , I was pretty surprised by the very much inconspicous entrance to the hotel. Well , I suppose with the lack of space in HK , that should not be too surprising. However , upon arrival at the lobby , I was pretty impressed with the grandeur like interior. Checking in was a breeze by the pretty efficient Reception staff. The room itself was fine , nothing too exceptional , a little dated - 90s sort of feeling but within my expectation of a 5 star hotel - and reasonably sized , especially the bathroom. However , I was a bit taken aback by the outdated TV - I suppose we are all used to the Plasma/LCD TV , which is n't exactly expensive nowadays. Had a pretty good view of part of the harbour although the room itself was directly facing the Island Shangri-La hotel/office tower - could see the folks working hard at their desks .

we stayed at the conrad early dec for 2 nights. we had a room on the 55th floor with a fantastic harbour view. the room was spacious and lived up to it 's 5-star billing. we took a train from the airport to the hongkong station and from there , took a cab to the hotel. we had no problems moving around as the admiralty mtr station is right below the hotel. when we got back to the hotel in the evening on the first night , a conrad teddy bear was placed on the bed , what a lovely gesture .

a very luxurious , classy hotel on the island. When we arrived there was a very expensive looking wedding reception in the function hall - given that breakfast is Â £ 35 a head , I can only imagine the cost of the wedding catering .

booked this hotel with points during November 2009 for a one night stay to visit a friend. As somebody who has never been to Hong Kong before I was looking for something relatively central with nice surroundings. The hotel was perfect - the location was right on top of a shopping mall with all the major brands as well as a tube station .

my wife and I spent 2 nights at the Conrad. We also stayed at the Hong Kong InterContinental so can compare the two and help you decide where to stay .

really enjoyed the Conrad. great location , right above the Admiralty metro stop and right next to the Hong Kong Park. Took the train from the airport and then the H1 bus to the hotel , was efficient and easy. Enjoyed the exec lounge and the service from the maids was excellent. They visited our room several times a day , refilled water and the free chocolates regularly. Only thing is that all internet costs $ $ unless you have your own laptop up in the lounge and connect wirelessly they charge you to use the internet on the exec lounge computers as well .

we used some Hilton honors points to book the Conrad and unlike the other poster , we got upgraded to Executive Lounge when we checked in , I suppose it depends on their availability , we did n't even have to ask .

i have stayed in other hotels in HK but this was by far my favorite .

was attending a business conference 2 wks ago at the JW Marriott nearby and stayed here one night using diamond member points. So everywhere else I ' had ever stayed using points including Tokyo Conrad , various Renaissance and Mariott hotels in China , Hong Kong and US , have always given executive lounge access and breakfast in exec lounge included. This HK Conrad actually did not give me either even when I asked. I actually would not need their breakfast since I had a breakfast event to attend , plus I would have no time to use the lounge with my all-day conference. But it would have been a good gesture of appreciation for a diamond member. How much does a freakin breakfast cost ? T'h Ã ¡ t 's so cheap for a Conrad .

the hotel was clean and plush. There are so many amenities , which made the trip more enjoyable. We were on the 53 floor and had a tremendous view from our room. The breakfast and dinner buffets were wonderful .

it was one of the best hotel we have stayed so far with excellent service provided. We have booked via hotel website for a peak view and upon arrival we were upgraded with a harbourview. And the harbourview is really beautiful ! It s definitely worth every dollar spent. Service was great and room is very clean. As we were celebrating our 2nd anniversary , we were surprised with nice lil ' cakes and chocolates in our room .

this has been my third stay at the Conrad and I wonder if will I ever go to a different hotel. Only reason being to experience a new hotel in HK , other than that , it would n't make sense. Everything has been perfect since day one .

i think what really makes a difference in a hotel is how they treat their child guests. Some of the five stars tend to treat children as they were invisible or collateral damage coming with paying adults. Conrad it is not like this. I was amazed how well they treated our 3 and 6 year old children ; opening doors , fetching additional glasses of freshly squeezed juice , smiling and greeting. Even bringing two teddy bears and children 's shampoo etc. to the room .

we stayed for a week with our family while we were searching for houses and schools , prior to our relocation in a few months. We had booked two rooms since we were travelling with three children and our nanny .

i had the pleasure to stay at the Conrad for a week in October on business. What a hotel ! The service is fantastic , the rooms are brilliant and the food in the bar / pool area could not be faulted .

we stayed at the Conrad Hong Kong for 3 nights before flying to Thailand .

we loved this hotel - the position is ideal , the harbour views great and the staff so polite and helpful. We were upgraded to the Executive Level and were very impressed with the quality of the service there. The breakfast , afternoon tea , canapes etc were superb - we stayed previously in the Conrads at Singapore and Bangkok but found the Hong Kong preoprty the best by far. The only negative was the concierge service - we needed help with sightseeing and after waiting some time in line we were dealt with very brusquely. That small issue aside , this was overall a great stay .

i stayed in Conrad on a businee trip for 7 nights. I extremely like the location of Conrad Hong Kong. It located at Pacific Place which at the bottom of the hotel is shopping mall which link you to the underground. Basically , you can go from one place to another all indoor and air conditioned ! ! It helped as it was really hot when I was there in September !

i loved this hotel. I had a harbor view on the 60th floor Executive Floor and service was impeccable from the moment I walked in until the moment I walked out .

this is a average business hotel. Its a popular hangout for local rich Chinese and expats. The breakfast was ok , the breakfast room is way too small and there was a long line to get a seat every morning. Food and beverage prices are astronomical , I mean I have stayed at classy places around the world but food and beverage prices are way too high for this category of hotel. The rooms are nice. We had a nice view over Wanchai from level 45. From the look of it , harbour view rooms would have trouble with the Swire building in the way. Location is great with some nice not too expensive restaurants in the upmarket shopping centre below. The hotel staff appear to have all the same personality with pasted on smiles. Just do n't let a strong wind break the umbrella and ask the bell staff for a second one , they take it personally. Overall , would I stay here again , no. It 's too boorish and contrived .

stayed there 9 nights as HHDiamonds using points. Bellhops were not helpful. Tips are expected. Gave us Exec Harbor view Rm with a couple of very comfortable rollaways for our kids. the signature teddies for each bed while turndown service were a nice touch. Great amenities even with a nailclipper ; although inconsistant while replenishing the amenities. Loved the separate glass enclosed shower and bathtub with ducky and separation for toilet. If possible ask for a room above 59th floor Lounge which will enable you to see over a blocked bldg to the Kowloon side. Daily fruit and excellent chocolates every evening. Very good exec lounge w/free wifi &amp ; great views as they remember you and what you usually drink ; they speak English well. Afternoon lite snacks and evening hor'derves were very nice ; although their Afternoon Tea on the 1st floor is excellent quite pricey . Breakfast at the lower restaurant had more variety than the lounge , but service is not good , after a week , they still did not know we were from the exec floor and kept billing us which the front desk took off at check-out . Gave us 2-4 bottles of water daily. Pool &amp ; 2 hot tubs were very nice with an attendant to bring you water and towels. Very nice mall to walk around , but no-one really shops there , convenient for the MTR train to Kowloon side for shopping at FaYuen Street or Woman 's market. Did not go to Temple Street , as I heard , it may not be 'safe ' ? Visit Stanley , the shopping there was quite reasonable as I was surprised , but look around 1st before buying. The next stall always seems like it is cheaper ! Tip visit KFC for the Coconut Egg Custard and HuLanShan for their mango desserts yum ! ; walking distance to the Tram for Victoria 's Peak , nice Botanical Garden within a couple of blocks .

stayed : Aug 18-21 , 2009

i stayed in the Conrad Hong Kong for 3 nights in August of 2009. I stayed in this hotel towards to end of my trip in China and would have to say it was definitely the nicest hotel that I stayed in. Upon check-in I was surprised to find that I had been upgraded to a Jr. Suite because they were out of available rooms on the executive floor. When I reached the room # 4301 my jaw dropped due to how nice it was. The suite was enormous and it had a big bedroom and a separate living room. The views out of both rooms were incredible and I was excited to be staying in such a nice hotel for a few nights. The suite had 2 bathrooms 1 full and 1 half and it was great because the person that I was staying with was able to have their own bathroom. My room included a great breakfast every morning at the restaurant on the lower level lobby and I couldn â € ™ t have been happier with the variation of food that they offered. I enjoyed having traditional American breakfast after eating traditional Chinese breakfast just about every day and it provided a nice change. After getting situated in the room and unpacking some of my belongings I was off to explore Hong Kong/Kowloon. The hotel is situated directly above the Pacific Place mall which is directly above the incredible Hong Kong subway system. I used the subway multiple times when I was in Hong Kong because it was so incredibly convenient and so clean compared to American subway systems. I ended up having dinner at a nice Japanese restaurant that was within the Pacific Place mall and ended up having a great meal. After visiting a lot of cities in mainland China I was shocked by how different Hong Kong is as it is so Westernized compared to mainland Chinese cities. Overall , everything about the room and my stay at the Conrad Hong Kong was incredible and it made for a very comfortable stay in Hong Kong .

we booked the fantastic summer 50 % discount offer in their website and got a real bargain .

this hotel is almost beyond words. It 's perfectly situated in the city , near to a metro station and attached to the Pacific Mall shopping centre .

it 's an expensive hotel , but absolutly amazing. We stayed in one of the executive suites and it was perfect. The staff were very helpful , the room was lovely with an amazing view , and breakfast was delicious. If you are looking for a top end hotel in HK I would definitely stay here !

i have stayed at many wonderful hotels in Hong Kong over the years. The Conrad is sandwiched between the JW Marriott and the Island Shangri-La all attached to the sprawling Pacific Place Mall. What ever happened to the Ritz , I hear it was torn down :

excellent location above Pacific Place mall. The downtown core with office towers , banks , etc is a 15 minute , mostly covered walk or a 2 minute subway ride. There are hotels closer to the business core but you will pay twice as much. It 's worth while paying extra for a high floor harbour view room but below the top 10 floors , your harbourview is more like an office tower view ; perhaps you could look THROUGH the offcie tower to the harbour , but I digress. The pool was decent and not too crowded. I liked being able to walk in the nextdoor park after work .

stayed here in Feb 09 , on a Far East trip .

i spent a week at the Conrad on a girls shopping trip. We had a fantastic stay. We had booked a harbour view room on the executive floors , and to our surprise , on arrival we were upgraded to a very spacious corner suite on the 58th floor 2 bathrooms and plenty of space which is great for a group of girls ! . The views were wonderful , and unobstructed as we were on such a high floor .

i arrive at HKIA and took the Airport Express to Hong Kong Station. There was a free shuttle bus service from the station to Conrad. The hotel was impeccable in terms of service and quality. The rooms were large and the bathroom was expansive with a shower and bathtub. Bedsheets and pillows were also of high quality and comfort. My room faced the harbour as well .

we stayed at the Conrad Hilton Hong Kong for the nights of 22 and 23 July. I booked the cheapest room on their website , facing the harbor. This proved to be a great choice â € “ I can not work out why people would pay more for a view of â € ˜ The Peak â € ™ . The view from the hotel room , on one of their higher floors , was amazing. We could have stayed in the room all day just admiring the view .

a first time for me to try Conrad rather than Shangri-La and a really great experience. The Conrad was excellent all round in terms of welcome , room , butler service , executive lounge service , pool and concierge. Can recommend the Executive Floors as the service in the lounge is unusually good with delightful range of offerings at tea time and evening drinks time - providing a higher level of choice than is generally offered in such lounges in my experience. The room servicing was faultless - its seems a rare treat to have fruit and chocolates replaced each day throughout the stay and even teddy bears at night ! Attentive pool staff. The rooms seemed slightly smaller that Shangri-La but were very comfortable especially the beds and wide pillow choice . The location is good since a premier shopping mall sits below the hotel accessed via room lifts and there is MRT station close by. Easy walk across park to the Peak Tram station for those great views. If I had to find a negative , it would be that on the weekend it was not possible to find a seat in the Exec Lounge due to its popularity - but attentive lounge staff did best to serve provide drinks back to our bedrooms. A great stay and recommended. We used hotel provided transfers to and from airport..all worked well .

just completed a 5-night stay at the Conrad. Check inn was smooth and offered an upgrade to the executive floor. It was not a harbor view but the backside of the hotel. The room was modern with a king bed. The lounge is on the 59TH floor. I had breakfast here everyday some western and Asian choices. The coffee was semi warm and was really bad. I finally have up and went to starbucks in the mall below the hotel .

in most of my travel to Hong Kong , I would usually start at the Marriott but given part of the hotel was going through renovations , I decided to head next door , Conrad Hong Kong. Arriving at the hotel was a nightmare , the driveway was triple parked with valet cars and the taxi could not drop me off directly at the hotel. I hopped off at the main road and my partnet and I had to drag our two huge luggages through the cars and up 3 steps into the lobby. No help from the door man ! Check in was swift. The room was very comfortable and the view was fantastic ! The location was perfect , at Pacific place meaning shopping , restaurants , trains are all within a few mins of walking. Aside from the no service at my arrival , this hotel is great !

the hotel has a great location right on top of Pacific Place. Harbour view room had good views although they are much better from Kowloon , but make sure you get a room on a very high floor else it may be blocked by the myriad of office buildings around the hotel. Decor and furnishings were in great condition , but look rather dated ; apart from the TV/Dvd system the room could be an 80 's musuem. The bed was very comfortable , and the bathroom and the room was spotless. Generic toiletries are disappointing in this price bracket , especially given what the competition offers. A minuature bear and rubber ducky are a nice touch , and you get a couple fo pieces of fruit and water in your room every day .

we had high expectations based on earlier reviews. I expected top notch 5 star stay. We stayed in suite with living room having sea view .

we had an excellent stay at Conrad Hong Kong in late June 2009. We stayed in a harbor-view executive room with a wonderful view over Hong Kong harbor towards Kowloon. Our room was also very comfortable with an extremely comfortable bed - one of the best ever at any hotel !

beautiful hotel with amazing location...3 hotels flank above a luxury shopping mall , the pacific place , with ample of upscale shops and lots of restaurants and eateries to choose from...from expensive to inexpensive chinese fast food joints which are great and clean. the hilton , jw marriott , and shangrila are the 3 top hotels above this mall .

i stayed here for four nights and could not fault anything that I encountered. The harbour view room that I had was very well appointed and spacious. While it is obviously geared towards business travellers , I found it equally good for leisure travellers. The fitness centre is small but well equipped. The buffet breakfast was very good and it had extensive choices. I was able to get the airport express shuttle bus to and from the hotel to the rail station to connect to the airport. The hotel is well situated above the Pacific Mall and very close to Admiralty MTR. At the time Pacific Mall was undergoing some renovations but all services were accessible .

excellent service : staff responded promptly to any queries , was attentive , and unobtrusive i.e. rooms were quickly made while we were out for breakfast . Enjoyed nightly turn down service , daily fruit plate , and welcome tea. My only quibble was that our non-smoking room smelled faintly of smoke upon entering but my husband disagreed and claimed it was the smell of wood .

we arrived at 9 in the morning , fully prepared to drop our bags and head out of the hotel but our room was ready ! We were very impressed as we had been travelling all night and needed to sleep. And sleep we did with the comfiest pillows in the world !

such a good idea to stay at the Conrad. Not only is the location most excellent , the service is brilliant. I think one should certainly include breakfast during the stay...the best pork buns to be had are in the breakfast buffet...preferably by the pool. The outside deck is also perfect for lazy sultry cocktails in the evening. The hotel is connected to the Pacific Place mall and you can walk right through the great shops...through to the cinema for a late night movie , or to the metro station. We were there for five days , and could easily have done another week .

visited HongKong recently for business and stayed at the Conrad for a few days. The experience was absolutely amazing. I had booked myself a city view room with breakfast included in the price.I arrived at the hotel with my wife and my daughter and checked in early.To our pleasant surprise we are upgraded to the harbour view room. The view from the 50th floor was amazing and compared to other HongKong hotels the room was big. The bathroom with its separate shower place and bath was very nice. The fruit basket and chocolates were a nice gesture. The room service was courteous and prompt. The buffet breakfast was well spread and the service efficient. The hotel had forgotten to serve us complimentary tea on our arrival but later in the day got a apology letter from the GM of the hotel with our tea which we felt was a great gesture on the part of the hotel. Nothing can beat the hotel 's location , right in the heart of the business district. The subway has a station right under the hotel plus a very plush mall for shopping.The peak tram and the HongKong park are just round the corner from the hotel. All in all a very pleasant and a satisfying experience. On my next visit to HongKong would only stay at the Conrad and would definitely recommend the hotel to fellow travelers. P.S. : My daughter really loved the Conrad teddies and the duck .

great view , great service , everything was great staying at conrad ! !

recently had a 2 night stay at the Conrad HK. I usually stay at the Island Shangri-La or Four Seasons in HK I was keen to see how this hotel compared .

from the moment you arrive at the Conrad you know you are in for a treat. The staff are so welcoming , from the Doorman tot he Bell boy. We stayed here for 6 nights and loved every minute of it .

my 1 week stay here about two weeks ago was superb. I was upgraded to the Executive Floor floors 57-61 I was on the 59th floor , same as the Executive Lounge. This time I had a peak view , and it was beautiful. The Executive Lounge has a view of the harbour. The food selection in the Executive Lounge was great .

comfortably located at the heart of Hong Kong , my stay at Conrad was completely awesome. I was here on a business trip. Right from the time i got out of the cab , till i checked out and left the hotel , it was a completely wonderful experience. Rates are not best suited for budget travelers , but for a business stay , this is one of the best of its class in Hong Kong. The Pacific Mall and the Park are easily accessable and that made the stay even more pleasant. Quality of rooms was commendable and the mini-bar was at its best ! Overall , on a scale of 10 , I would rate it 9.5 ! !

my Wife and I stayed at the Conrad for six nights during May 2009. We were celebrating our 25th Wedding Anniversary and went to Hong Kong as s special treat to ourselves .

excellent , 5-star facilities with very prompt service. Well-suited for the American traveler. &quot ; xebraPHONE&quot ; mobile phone rental service from the business center was nice and very convenient . . . helped me stay connected to the USA easily and inexpensively .

conrad is located at a very good location for any traveler who is required to work at Central. The place is just walking distance away and that too through a beautiful walk via Central Park from businsess district and very near to the MTR station .

i arrive at HKIA and took the Airport Express to Hong Kong Station. There was a free shuttle bus service from the station to Conrad. The hotel was impeccable in terms of service and quality. The rooms were large and the bathroom was expansive with a shower and bathtub. Bedsheets and pillows were also of high quality and comfort. My room faced the harbour as well .

i stayed for 2 nights and thought this to be an excellent hotel. The ambience downstairs is charming , with the undertones of a modern but English colonial feel. The hotel is very well located , partly given it is connected to The Pacific Mall and partly given that the hotel really is very central. Finally , despite thiis centrality , the hotel is quite peaceful. It does n't feel hustled as one might expect from a central urban hotel .

we stayed at the Conrad in a superior harbour view room and ca n't fault the Conrad on HK Island. The location was superb - fabulous views over the water to Kowloon and a choice of either the MTR accessed through the hotel and mall or a stroll through HK Park to get to Central. The staff were top notch - polite , helpful , discreet and absolutely what you 'd expect in this hotel. The room and bathroom were spotless and beautifully furnished although I never quite understand why top class hotels still have huge old TVs in enormous cabinets when there are sleek flat screen TVs available . Did n't get to use the pool and did n't have breakfast in the hotel every day - too much to see and do with only 4 days in HK !

this is the only Hilton property in Hong Kong. But what make this hotel stand out the the excellent customer service you get here. Yes , the hotel is pricey but you absolutely get what you pay for. No cutting corners on amenities , Some of the best food in a hotel I 've ever had. Would I come back to this place ? Absolutely !

my wife and I recently stayed in one of the executive floor rooms. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit and the level of service and helpfulness was outstanding. We would recommend this hotel unreservedly .

we just loved the Conrad HK - from the moment a uniformed doorman opened our cab door and ushered us in through the perfumed marble lobby , it was sheer luxury !

stayed 3 nights in the lovely hotel - upgraded to a view of harbor room which was divine ! The location right next to Hong Kong Park with easy access to tram , shopping and public transportation is great. It is connected to an upscale shopping mall if that is something of interest to you , and in the Mall there are several very good dining opportunities if you are watching your budget. We booked a room with breakfast included and it was enough food to last us until evening....a coffee or tea stop mid day was all we needed. I felt we were given wonderful service at this hotel and I would return if ever in Hong Kong .

we stayed at the Conrad for a couple of nights at the beginning of April 09 in one of their executive rooms I think they 're slightly bigger than the standard rooms , with a few extras . We chose a room overlooking Victoria harbour , which had excellent views - I would recommend upgrading to one of the executive rooms as they 're towards the top beyong floor 13 I think .

to be honest this hotel just can be qualified like a real gem : Superb lobby , I got a business suite and it was supperb with ALL the amenities you can expect on a gem hotel of the world .

excellent view and location. the rooms were quite big and beds very comfy. had the harbour view and a high level room so the view was great. room service was quite good and used it a few times. one evening they even gave a conrad teddy bear as a gift which was kinda sweet of them .

a very nice hotel with efficient and courteous staff. Very comfortable and well appointed rooms. One of the most comfortable hotel beds I have ever slept in. The hotel does n't have extensive grounds and the swimming pool is very small but it is situated in a good location on the Island with the Victoria Peak Tram only a short walk away. The hotel is also attached to the trendy Pacific Mall , so only a short walk to shops and restaurants .

the Conrad is located in downtown Hong Kong off the Admiralty MTR. Getting to the hotel from Hong Kong Central was a breeze with the hotel shuttle .

great hotel , even greather views , nice and professional staff ! ! !

as a reasonably frequent business traveller into Hong Kong , the Conrad scroes highly on 3 key paramemters that influence my choice of where to stay : Convenience of location , efficiency and dependability and value for price paid. The Cnrad scores highly on all thse- explains why I always end up there ! Also like their small touches - espeically with repeat guests , so you dont need to go thru details and preferences again .

i usually do n't stay in a &quot ; chain&quot ; hotel except on business but used some mileage points and had 5 wonderful nights on holiday at the Conrad. The staff was perfect -friendly and efficient. The room was sensibly laid out with enough power points and amenities. The mountain view is great as you see green , birds and some wonderful old buidlings - the harbour view is just a mess of grey. Downsides were : horrendous singer at the lobby bar , the necessity to walk through a shopping mall to gain entrance though you can also go via the park and top rates to use wireless in the room tacky .

the best hotel experience ever ! ! Great service , fantastic food choices , amazing location , super pool and spa , fabulous room and views.. .

perfectly located between Causeway Bay and Central , just up to the luxurious mall Pacific Place , Conrad is undoubtly one of the best hotel on the HK scene. Actually , this is not a brand new hotel with a &quot ; wow&quot ; design but this classical elegance is extremly comfortable and the hotel is perfectly maintained .

beautiful Hotel in all respects , great staff , very clean , good outlook onto harbour , stay there !

stayed there for four nights in January with my wife , on holiday. Loved it ! We had an executive floor room one floor up from the lounge , with a very nice view of the harbor. For future reference , to try to get an even better view I 'd recommend asking for a room toward the right side of the hotel as one faces the harbor. The further you are to the left , the more another hotel intrudes into the view .

great location , lots of shopping and great restaurants , great supermarket in the basemnt at the pacific place , very convenient and excellent services

we stopped off for 2 nights en route to Oz and got a good deal on an Executive harbour view room- and what a view ! Everything about the executive club was first class , lovely friendly staff , the enormous benefit of early check in after a long flight and the usual drinks and nibbles included. This was our first stay in a Conran and i agree with an earlier review that room service and particularly the mini bar- Â £ 7 for a chocolate bar ! ! - was steep. Nonetheless , we had a great stay and the service was exemplary form everyone-and you do need to remember how the pound has lost 30 % against the HKD in a year ! Great bathroom and a very comfy bed , we could not fault it .

efficient service on check in and on request we were offered a late 3 : 00pm check out .

once we figured out that we were a 1 minute walk from Hong Kong Park orientation was easy. Not much left of the old Hong Kong , lots of huge buildings - office and apartments. HK side is not as shopping-centric as Kowloon , but we were on top of a massive mall if that 's what you enjoy - every designer store known anywhere !

this is a top hotel. Hotel was well presented. Check in was quick and smooth. Bedroom was well sized and well decorated. Buffet breakfast was excellent and lots to choose from. Food at the hotel was excellent. This is a top 5 star hotel. Due to economic crisis , the hotel rates were very competitive and good value .

we stayed at Conrad almost every time we came to Hong Kong and we came to Hong Kong about every 6 months. We have always received exceptionally excellent service from every single staff we came across. Rooms are spacious and clean , services are attentive. We will continue to come back to this hotel .

high expectations met , but just barely. All Conrads are great ; however this one isn â € ™ t quite as great as some others. Nonetheless , this is head and shoulders above most other properties. Everything is outstanding , but somehow , it just didn â € ™ t strike me as overly so. No specific complaints , just an overall feeling. Maybe this is because the executive level lounge felt cramped and not as well presented as at other Conrads .

we stayed in a harbour view room on the 52nd floor at Conrad HK. It is an excellent hotel with kind and friendly staff , very good restaurants and a a very convenient location. We loved our stay there and aould definitely go back .

an excellent hotel - room was lovely , spotlessly clean , decor understated but screamed luxury. My favourite was their bed. Small touches like a rubber duck for the tub , little teddy bear on the bed , slippers and bottle of water waiting by your bed after the evening house-keeping yup... they come by twice a day to replenish your drinking water , tidy up the room made it more special .

we had a day stopover here , so only a 20 hours visit.The room was nice , food was excellent in the fine dining restaurant and the amenities were what you would expect from a 5 stars hotel , the staff was 6 stars .

the Conrad Hotel in Hong Kong is a really nice place to stay at. If you are looking for a retreat and not just a hotel room to sleep in , this is the place for you .

this was our third stay in a harbour view king on the executive floors although this time they upgraded us to a suite . For big-city luxury hotels , it just does n't get any better than this .

i stayed there for one night in February â € ™ 09 .

my family 's choice of stay in HK is at the conrad. rooms are always nice , and service is top notch. they welcome you with a litlle teddy bear in the rooms too !

we have stayed a number of times over 15 years and feel like the Conrad is like a nice home. Perhaps our familiarity and use for leisure make us slightly critical. Bar prices are steep even by HK standards , room Internet is chargeable faulty connection was fixed promptly , would prefer in-room tea/coffee , thermostat was difficult to manage .

i was actually debating between several hotels , I initially wanted to stay at the W Hotel , but the location seems to be way too far. Then I checked the Landmark in Central but the the price was just too expensive. It was actually a toss up between JW Marriot and Conrad , but when I got the email about the Conrad Asia Sale , I took it as a sign , besides the 25 % discount on all hotel amenities and services made the deal sweeter .

great location ! Excellent interiors ! Courteous , friendly and prompt staff ! Our rooms were upgraded with breathtaking views. Cleanliness in the room , however , were NOT MAINTAINED WELL !

you may wish to know that I am a diamond member of the Hilton Group which gives me upgrades aqnd neither my wife nor I will see 50 years old again .

i stayed at the Conrad for three nights during a recent business trip. It is a very nice hotel in the Pacific Place shopping mall , near Admiralty train station .

well , have n't stayed in Four Seasons or Peninsula so hard to compare those clearly spectacular venues. But this place delivers for all intents and purposes , no doubt. Excellent customer care and the quality and response time for room service is commendable .

the Conrad is without doubt an excellent hotel , even by HK standards .

this hotel is just mangnificent ! ! We paid for a room at the club floor and it was at the 56th floor so you can imagine the view ! ! The room is regular size,not enormous but not small as well. The service is impeccable , the restaurant is great , the location its excellent , the concierge are very helpfull too. Being at the executive club floor you have free lunch or tea/coffee/ snacks. Just an amazing hotel ! !

the rooms at the Conrad are elegant , with tasteful classical chinese furniture and framed old prints , but light and airy. The staff are gracious and attentive. The doorman would n't let me get into a taxi when he 'd spoken to the driver and it was clear the driver did n't know how to get to my destination. The location in Pacific Place is convenient for both the offices in Central district and the airport express station , as well as the Wanchai &quot ; entertainment&quot ; district. Pacific Place mall has the best designer shopping in HK and some great restaurants. There are lots of lovely touches about the stay - a massive bath in the room with a little rubber duck and a teddy bear by the bed. In an ideal world every hotel would be as nice as the Conrad

we stayed at the Conrad Hong Kong from October 28 to November 1 , 2008. The service at this hotel is outstanding. The rooms are small but expected on this small island .

we stayed at the Conrad for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon. Booked directly with the hotel at a rate of 3300 HKD a night for a deluxe harbour view room. Check-in was easy , we got upgraded to a suite room as it was our honeymoon. Also free bottle of champagne , Conrad teddies , fruit and chocolates - which made our stay really special. View over the harbour was good , but as you are set back from the waterfront you do get some obstruction from other buildings , so if you want a better view I 'd stay at a hotel on the waterfront. Nonetheless it did n't stop us enjoying the view , lightshow and the buildings around us being light up. Rooms cleaned each day , service in the restaurants very good. We ate in the Golden Leaf - chinese , staff very helpful in recommending dishes , also outside near the pool area - less formal. We did n't book any tours with hotel , but just went off ourselves , always plenty of taxis outside hotel and reasonably priced. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and would recommend the hotel. Compared to other 5 * hotels this was a good price for the type of room we booked .

can a hotel anticipate a need before you have it ? ? If it can , then the Conrad HK can do it !

we arrived very late at the hotel round mignight due to our flight and since we booked an executive room we were directly taken up to the executice lounge for the check-in. A very friendly lady helped us through check-in procedures. Although we had booked a non smoking she proposed us a smoking room with a superb view. She said we could check out the room first and assured us that the room had been aired quite well. This was true but I could still smell the smoke and since this is impossible for me to sleep in we went back to check-in desk and the lady after one phone call directly upgraded us to an executive suite without charges . The room indeed had not such a stunning view as the other one but by all means was much larger and nicer. The room was super , spotless , nicely decorated.... .

great Business hotel with a bit more flair. Nice big bed and rooms. Wind down was a nice touch , with a little teddy bear , but this hotel excels in location ! You are an elevator ride away from Pacific Place- not many other hotels can claim that with exceptions .. .

stayed at this great hotel for the third time this year. As I have diamond status I was immediately put on the 59th floor and as usual service , rooms etc. were great .

we stayed for 4 nights at the Conrad as part of our Honeymoon. We had used Hilton points and my husband is a Diamond member so we got upgraded to the executive floors and the harbour view room I 'd requested. We checked in after long flights from the US and were escorted to our room. We arrived to find champagne on ice awaiting us with a 'happy honeymoon ' note from hotel management , as well as a tray with fresh fruit and an assortment of chocolates in a bamboo basket which was replenished after we ate some of the chocolates . We ordered room service and split the yummy Singapore noodles. The service was prompt and friendly , a precursor of things to come !

it may have been the upgrade , but I did n't want to leave the room. Really , really nice place - the rubber duck in the bath was n't my scene but good to know it was there .

overview : The Conrad Hotel in Hong Kong offers a great location , very good physical facilities and outstanding service .

this is a five star hotel , make no mistake about it. Everything from our arrival at a very late hour to the smooth late check out five days later was impressive. The airline managed to lose my luggage in transit. When I mentioned this at check in , they sent me an &quot ; emergency kit&quot ; with a few essentials in it. The room , the decor and the general ambience of the hotel was all exactly as a hotel of this calibre should be. You do get what you pay for. The only negative thing I will mention however , is that the staff do get a bit above themselves. There were two instances when I was actually tempted to report a couple of the waitresses to the duty manager but generally , our stay was very comfortable , restful and we would certainly stay there again. The dulcet tones of the lounge singer in the lobby bar was a welcome respite in the evenings along with the slightly potent cocktails. The location above Pacific Place is perfect for wandering around Central and Admiralty. The restaurant on the lower ground floor was consistently good. Breakfast was a little bit of a rip off but this is HK and hotels are expensive across the board , especially the better ones .

this hotel is just perfect,nothing was less than perfect :

the Conrad is really a fabulous hotel. Service is top-notch , all employees are doing their best to help and they really made us enjoy our short stay. Upon check-in , we were upgraded to a small suite , which was a nice attention , as we travel with a young child , and need some extra space for him to run around.. .

i had a really great time at this hotel. The rooms are comfortable. Just use the elevator , I can go shopping at the pacific place. The crispy chickens at the golden leaf are delicious. U should n't miss it .

we picked the Conrad from the multitude of hotels on Trip Advisor and were extremely pleased with the location , the cleanliness , and mostly the amenities. We are Hilton Honors Gold and used our points , and they immediately upgraded us to their top executive floor with a delicious breakfast and snacks all day and evening until 11 pm or dine in their huge buffet downstairs. unlike Sheraton that we have had MAJOR fights with over this in many cities- see NYC and Bangkok

stayed here for two nights in April at the end of a cruise and had an outstanding visit. I chose the hotel specifically because of the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor and I was not dissapointed. I booked a harbor view room and it was worth it for the view. Rooms were beautifully done , especially the all marble bathrooms. As far as the service , this is a first class hotel in every aspect !

i just finished my first stay in the Conrad , I normally use the Shangri-la or the Mandarin .

this is a five star hotel - make no mistake about it. They look after you here and make you feel welcome .

my wife and I just returned from a 4 day stay on the executive level of the Conrad Hong Kong. Perhaps our biggest mistake was to stay in the Intercontinental in Kowloon immediately beforehand. The comparison between the level of service and ambiance was stark .

i 've stayed at the Conrad about 6 times or even more and it never fails to please.From the comfy beds to the chocolates served in the evening. The staff at the conrad have always been the most pleasant .

this hotel certainly sets the benchmark for 5 Star service-

we recently spent a week at The Conrad , Hong Kong at the end of a two month trip to Asia and this stay really finished off our Asian sojourn in style ! We were on the 59th floor facing the harbor and just down the hall from the Executive Lounge. Our room included breakfast , either in the Lounge or downstairs in the Garden Cafe which opened onto an outside terrace by the gorgeous pool. Our room , tho not particularly large was extremely comfortable and very nicely decorated in an oriental motif. The only negatives about the room were the fact you could not adjust the airconditioning temperature or air flow and the commode was in a very tiny separate cubicle off the main bath which was awkward and uncomfortable. Overall this is an elegant hotel which offers great convenience and outstanding warm yet professional service ! We will certainly stay at the Conrad Hotels in Hong Kong and Singapore when we return to Asia !

during my business trip , I stay Conrad for 2 nights. When I walked in corridor , I feel some smody smell. The furniture location is a little bit strange. TV is in the left hand side , bed in the middle and there is an armchair in the right hand side. So , it is not possible to watch TV on the bed. Also , the bathroom is very small .

this is an excellent hotel. Staff go out of their way to be helpful. The only downside is the size of the rooms but this is typical of Hong Kong hotels .

convenient Location

i 've been lucky enough to stay in this hotel on four occasions now. They have that wonderful knack of making you feel very welcome and special regardless of the hour at which you arrive. The rooms are great , the bathrooms fantastic and well appointed - I was lucky enough to be upgraded top the Executive Floor - and the service friendly , unobtrusive , professional and polished .

hong Kong is hot and humid much of the year including now , and it it will get hotter and steamier in the summer . Given that the rooms start on the 40th floor and go to the 60th floor , to have to ride that long from the lobby level in stiflingly hot elevators is frankly enough for me not to stay here again. What were they thinking ?

this hotel has great location , it stands above a high-end shopping mall , Pacific Place. Looking for food is relatively easy. The MTR is underground the shopping mall. Basically the hotel boost its convenience .

my family stays here every year when they visit Hong Kong and each time the Conrad goes above and beyond the highest levels of service. Attentiveness is comparable to staying at a Four Seasons , but friendlier .

great Stay ! Took airport express from airport to Hong Kong station , then free transfer bus that takes you directly to hotel lobby. Booked using HH points , and being HHGOLD was upgraded to executive floor , lounge access includes tea time with multiple hot and cold snacks , free breakfast and happy hour , free local calls , comp pressing service ticket for 4 pieces , also upgrade to harbour view. Room spacious , comfortable bed. The service at executive lounge was top. I enjoyed happy hour with free drinks , saw the sunset and how all the buildings lit up. breakfast was great. Great location on top of mall , close to bus,tram , subway station. Service was flawless , from the moment we got in and speedy check in , to lounge , room service. Fresh flowers daily , fruit and chocolate , USA today delivered as requested in check in. I will for sure return and recommend. Health club was small , but had everything necessary. Concierge was helpful .

last leg of our honeymoon , spent five nights here .

stayed here prior to a trip to Thailand. The hotel is in a good location close to main shopping and eating areas. In fact there is a great shopping centre / mall below the hotel that also has good restaurants too. The hotel itself was in good order and the service from the staff was first class. Everyone was exceptionally courteous and nothing was too much trouble. We stayed in an executive room on the 59th floor which had awesome views.... You must try it , especially as you also get access to the executive lounge for free breakfast , free wifi , free aftrennon tea with scones and clotted cream / jam ! ! ! Plus free drinks all day and free alchoholic drinks / cocktails between 5pm - 7pm. In short , a great hotel with superior service .

the Conrad Hilton in Hong Kong is an amazing hotel. The food was superb , the staff was fantastic , the rooms were beautiful and the thoughtful details were luxury - fresh flowers in bathroom , fresh fruit daily. Hot tea delivered to room upon arrival. Breathtaking view of the city and connected right to the shopping mall. Another reviewer wrote details of this so I wo n't expand on the location .

my wife and i stayed here for 4 days in March. Conrad is one of the newer hotels on the Hong Kong island , next to Island Shangri-La and JW Marriott. It 's on top of the Pacific Place shopping center , a high-end shopping complex with restaurants and a cinema. You can also get to the Admiralty subway station by walking through the mall , without stepping outside. it 's about a 10 minute walk. Admiralty is also a public transportation hub where many double-decker buses stop , but navigating the buses may be a bit difficult for first-time tourists .

stayed here on Hilton Honors free nights - Both outwards an inbound from England to Australia. Wonderful hotel with spectacular views , when the clouds / mist disappeared !

stayed 4 nights 6th - 9th January on executive level. Hong Kong is an expensive city so I paid the going rate for this city. Service standards outstanding , very comfortable room and excellent restaurants in the hotel. Highly recommend

i choose to stay to at Conrad Hong Kong bec I had a pleasant stay in the past in Conrad Bangkok and another reason is that my usual hotels , the Four Seasons and Landmark Mandarin were fully booked for the New Year Eve period. Conrad is considered the upper tier brand of Hilton and is differentiate from the usual Hilton brands by being more exclusive , more service oriented and a higher degree of luxury. At least that â € ™ s what it was supposed to be. How very wrong .

what 's Good - 5 * Hotel that lives up to your expectations with impeccable service , great rooms/views and in a great location an elevator ride from the metro and one of the most exclusive shopping malls in HK - a short taxi ride to just about anywhere .

i stayed at the Conrad Hong Kong for one and a half weeks in November and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The Conrad is an excellent hotel that truly deserves its five star rating .

i disagree with PreciousPrincess on her complaints. All room on the Executive Floors require key access - if the reviewer thinks she needs high security , then she should have booked her room on the Executive Floor. Besides , Hong Kong is one of the safest cities in the world .

large room with a plasma tv and BOSE alarm is always a bonus. Convenient location to Pacific Place shopping mall and attentive staff. However the gym and pool is located on the lobby and basement floor which meant you had to pass through the public area and restaurant to get there. Not a very nice look when you are in gym clothes or in a robe with slippers ! I am also very big on security and was surprised to find that you did n't need to insert your room key to get onto the room floors. Not one of my favourite hotels in HK. Had higher expectations for a Conrad name .

this is a fantastic hotel because of it 's very convenient location in Pacific Place the Mall. Rooms are very spacious , beds and pillows are excellent for good sleep. The staff is also amazing , starting right from the doorman !

i stayed here on the way from Macau to London , but I regret I only stayed a night. We checked in and were upgraded to a suite , so my review is a bit unfair , but I am a regular Conrad visitor and service and everything else was what I expected : simply awesome ! Highly recommended. A great stay

i can not speak highly enough about this hotel. Aside from the magnificence , it is really the service that sets it apart. The staff is extremely attentive , and their attention to detail is outstanding. Starting with my shoes which they picked up to shine in the evening and delivered on time the next morning , to the snack that they bring in the mid-evening... they are making me feel like an emperor !

this has to be one of the best hotels i have ever stayed in ! Completely Flawless ! The club lounge is awesome too they actually seat you when you enter. how amazing is that ? The staff is very friendly and always willing to help LOVE YOU BONNIE ! Plus you ca n't beat it 's location .

while I am not accustomed to staying at five-star hotels , this hotel HAS to be in that category. There is virtually nothing to dislike and much to be thrilled with .

we arrived and everything was like we had hoped for .

we just stayed at this property in Hong Kong and are extremely satisfied with our stay. This Conrad is truly a 5 star hotel. The staff are very professional and friendly. The room decor/comfort is outstanding. First rate gym/sauna/steam room.The executive lounge has an amazing view of the Hong Kong harbour .

i regularly stay at the Conrad in Hong Kong and I have yet to experience a fault. The property is well maintained , the staff are excellently trained , and the service is above reproach .

i have been staying at this property for 15 years,and I daresay it is one of the better Hongkong hotels. The staff is excellent and make you feel at home. The Executive Floor Lounge is a great place to have meetings , and the cocktail hour just gets you going for the evening. The concierges are very helpful. In fact I left my credit card in a store in Kowloon , and they made arrangements to pick it up .

this is a superb hotel with a memorable view from the executive lounge. The executive check in is staffed by an EXCELLENT member of staff who then leads you on for a refreshing drink and the excellent views of KOWLOON. This hotel is the twin of the Shangrilah Excuse spelling which is linked by an underground walk way. The hotel lounge on the ground floor is superb for evening drinks and provides &quot ; A&quot ; class background singers. This is a failry large hotel which is best taken with a harbour view it really is worth those extra HK $ . The rooms are spacious , clean , well equipped and efficiently serviced. The hotel provides many restaurant/dining options , however there is a particularly good chinese &quot ; cafe&quot ; style restaurant on the lower ground floor. The taxis are really cheap and the must do 's for us were , Star ferry great view of HK island &amp ; Kowloon , The Verandah Buffet Repulse Bay colonial style Sundays with Band &quot ; The Best&quot ; , The peak is a must and last but not least Nyong Ping Skyrail which leads on to PO LIN Largest outside Budha A true FIVE STAR .

i 'm from HK originally and travel there quite a bit for business. Have stayed at all the hotels except the Four Seasons and the new Landmark. I stayed at the Conrad for 4 nights in early October .

hong Kong has fabulous hotels and this is one of them. Stayed on Club floor which is 36 stories up , views are incredible , service in lounge privileged , room was completely stocked , perfectly quiet , and very comfortable. Booked early and paid in full so got this incredible hotel for only $ 300 / night .

average business hotel in HK - there are much better ones at this rate .

my stay in Hong Kong was made especially amazing by staying at the Conrad HK. The room was great with an amazing view of Hong Kong harbor. And a special mention has to be made of the bathroom ! It is huge with double sinks/faucets and a separate shower and bathtub. The shower is made of marble with a perfectly placed showhead - I ca n't say enough of how great this shower is ! Complimentary fruits , water and chocolate awaited us in the room after check-in. The hotel adjoins the Pacific Place Mall and is convenient to the Admiralty train station and also walking distance to Victoria 's Peak. I used my Hilton Honors Points for this 3 day stay and had no trouble reserving the room and checking in --&gt ; check-in was especially fast. The gym was well equipped and had sufficient treadmills. Although this was my favorite hotel on my trip to 3 Asian cities , I probably would not have stayed here had I not been able to use my points for the room , as the rates are particularly high. Nonetheless , I will certainly seek out this and other Conrads for both business and pleasure trips !

excellent experience and accomodations. Note that I am a Hilton Honors Diamond VIP level guest which may affect my experience .

having lived in HK for three years we chose the Conrad as our last place to stay before leaving .

the Conrad is located above Pacific Place shopping centre on Hong Kong Island , approximately 15 minutes walk from the star ferry and peak tram. Our room was on the 40th floor with excellent views of the harbour and was spacious and smartly decorated. Pleasant pool area and outdoor cafe/bar .

i stayed in the Conrad Hong Kong twice on my way to and from mainland China in April 2007 with two other work colleagues .

i traveled to Shanghai last May for a wedding and wanted to take advantage of being in China so I opted to travel solo to Hong Kong for a few days. Since I would be celebrating my birthday I wanted to pick the best place possible. I was also traveling solo and wanted to feel safe in a place where I knew no one and could not speak the language .

i stayed at the Conrad for just one night , but was extremely impressed with the level of service. I arrived in Hong Kong late on a Sunday with meetings the next day in Shenzhen and an expired China travel visa. The concierge was extremely helpful -- taking care of my visa and rebooking my flight out of shenzhen. I was upgraded to an executive room on the top floor with a fabulous view , and i found the complimentary breakfast in the executive lounge on the 59th floor to be excellent. The staff was very attentive. I was absolutely stay here again. They even brought me a second stuff bear i found the first tucked into my bed on arrival so each of my kids can get one .

we are big fans of the Conrad chain , our list trip being the Conrad Bangkok. The Conrad Hong Kong is located in the Admiralty area of Hong Kong , which is pretty centrally located , but moreso from a business standpoint than for tourism. Having said that , however , it is very easy to get around Hong Kong and we stayed at this hotel for tourism without any problems you can literally walk everywhere if you want , there is a subway stop across the street , and there are buses/trams very nearby .

conrad Hong Kong exceeded our expectations. Great location , easily accessible , clean and comfortable. Most important-the bed was GREAT ! The lobby had a gorgeous Christmas tree for the holidays. I was impressed with the details-fresh flowers in the room , rubber ducky and bath salts in the bath , teddy bears on the bed , turndown service , robes and nice slippers-not flimsy !

i have booked this hotel from online [ ---- ] the price is quite good for us. I booked the standard room. It is quite big room , I like the room because I can see the harbour , very beautiful. The hotel is incredible great service and personal assistant service at the lobby .

i visit Hong Kong regularly and stayed at the Conrad 3 times. The check in process was always fast and efficient. I always booked the mountain view room - being their standard room and everytime I had positive experience. However , I can not call this hotel perfect as the room size is small and although everything else seemed to look right , the general decor and furnitures were dated. Conrad seriously need a big round of refurbishment in their rooms if they havent started planning to do so - to really make the guests ' money worth .

the Conrad Hong Kong was one of the best hotels I have ever experienced any where in the world. I travel 3 or 4 days per week on the average so to say the least I was extremely satisfied with this hotel. We booked a normal room and where upgraded to a suite with a bay view. I am sure this was because I am a Hilton Diamond. The breakfast on the Executive floor was outstanding. Also do not miss the drinks and finger foods starting at 5 : 30 pm. The staff at the hotel bring you to your room upon arrival and get you acquanited with the hotel. Nice touch ! We stayed for three nights and wished it cold have been longer. Take the Airport Express train from the airport and then go to # 1 bus at the Central station. This is the easiest and fastest way to get to hotel. Our room was just finished being remodeled. I recommend this hotel to business or leisure traveller .

i 've stayed in the Conrad before , always on the executive floor , and always thinking &quot ; THIS is the way to run a hotel.&quot ; The room in which I stayed had been newly redecorated , and with few exceptions was perfect , in terms of comfort , charm , sophistication , and pleasantness. The staff are &quot ; predictably Conrad,&quot ; in that my needs were anticipated as much as they were met. The service is quiet , elegant , and unassuming , yet it is very much evident and professional. My spouse accompanied me on this trip , and she , too , was extremely impressed with the property and the staff. In a city of great hotels , this one continues to be great. I stayed here because I am a Hilton Diamond member , and I 'm already looking forward to my next visit to this very quietly and tastefully sophisticated hotel .

stayed for 5 nights recently and was disappointed. Customer service was lacking and perfunctory when offered , smiles were at a premium , decor significantly dated and food very average. Only redeeming feature was proximity to the MTR station and good food court in shopping mall underneath. Try the Shangrila next door , the new Mandarin Oriental or the Four Seasons for about the same price range .

stayed at the Conrad Hong-Kong twice for 10 and 9 days in July and August 2006. The hotel is currently renovating the rooms located in the top floors above sort of 55 . The old rooms have a greenish design did not stay in one of these but was offered one with bay side view and the renovated rooms have a very pleasant yellowish design. So , finally we selected non-renovated room on the executive floor for our first stay and a renovated room for our second stay. The non-renovated have standard TVs and furniture as you can see from pictures in other posts , and the renovated rooms have new furniture , including a flat-screen 32' ' TV , and a separate DVD player that 's particularly pleasant if you stay for long as you may want to just go downstairs to the mall and pick up a DVD to watch from Hong-Kong records. Rooms are very well isolated from noise enabling a very quiet sleep no matter what , the air-con is non-intrusive , and the marble bathrooms are very pleasant with double sinks and a toilet behind a door that closes. Staff are very pleasant , and as mentioned in other posts , service is top notch at this hotel. Examples include airport pick-up charged , tea immediately upon arrival and possibility to view and choose your room I guess that only applies to gold and diamond hhonors members . We also tried the restaurant on the 8th floor , which despite being very pricey deserves its reputation of best italian in Hong-Kong .

we stayed at the Conrad Hong Kong at the end of our three week vacation to China. I was not impressed with this hotel and thought the service was sub-par at best. I am a Hilton Diamond Member too .

this is probably one of the best properties under the Hilton Honours umbrella where you can cash in your points for a great category 6 hotel stay. I tried the Hilton Paris and Hilton Milan using my points but they are not even half as nice as this hotel As a diamond card holder , they even upgraded my redemption stay to the executive floor spontaneously and offer many extra benefits , such as complimentary breakfast , free canepes and drinks at the clubroom , for which champagne is also on offer , free daily pressing &amp ; newspaper etc. The hotel staff really treat you as a VIP guest

my husband and I stayed at Conrad HK during our last 10 days after having worked and lived in HK for 8 years. We were impressed by the service and polite staff mainly Julian the doorman and Solomon the bellboy. Loved the chocolates they placed in a bamboo dimsum &quot ; box&quot ; everynight. Enjoyed our stay in a full sea-view room. Not a family-oriented hotel , ideal for business travellers and discerning travellers .

just completed my third stay at this Conrad -- three days in length. I travel to Asia 5-6 times a year from the States and last year switched to the Conrad from the Pen for two reasons : first , I decided for 2005 to consolidate all travel to staying at Hilton properties , and second , a business partner living in HKG recommended I try it. Suffice it to say , each visit met or exceeded my requirements. The service is exactly what you 'd expect from a 5-star Asian property ; in a word , stellar. From bellmen to concierge to check-in to chamberstaff , everyone encountered seems genuinely committed to the guest 's satisfaction with their stay .

i stayed at the Conrad Hotel for a business trip , originally for 5 nights. It looks and feels like a hotel that has not been renovated since the early 90 's. I stay in hotels all the time , and was excited to try the Conrad. I stayed on the executive floor the top floor , which seems to smell like noodles all day and all night. There was not very much excitment in the club lounge , and food was very ordinary. The other reviews were all accurate - the views are great and the location is excellent. The service is good. But the hotel seems to desperately need a facelift. It certainly is not &quot ; chic&quot ; if that is what you are looking for. And for the price - on par with the Four Seasons and Mandarin Oriental - I would have expected much more. My view is that you should not come all the way to Hong Kong , pay $ 500 for a room , and then feel like it is ordinary .

stayed at the Conrad for 3 days in June 2006- although have to say we actually stayed in the serviced apartments owned by the hotel in the same building rather than the hotel itself as due to a full hotel we were moved there with our agreement so perhaps my comments are n't entirely on the Conrad Hotel itself. I have to say if given the opportunity to stay in these apartments - just do it , they vare tremendous , although we did n't really use it this was a superior kitchen to most serviced apartments I have seen. the apartment itself was a large dining/lounge area , kitchen , bedroom , bathroom and entrance foyer- just wonderful to have so much space. Views were not of the harbour but up towards the peak so still spectacular .

loved the Conrad , Hong Kong. Good location to be in. Access to the MRT via the shopping mall below the hotel. Great service. Rooms are large , plush and very clean. Breakfast was amazing - spoilt for choice. I only had one day here but wished I had more time. It was good to stay on the Hong Kong Island side as you can travel into Kowloon for shopping and site seeing during the day and back near the hotel for the night life of Lang Kwai Fong. Will definately be going back ! !

i recently stayed at the Conrad during my first trip to Hong Kong and I thought it was excellent with a great location in Pacific Place mall which has an MTR. The room was a good size with amazing views overlooking Kowloon.The bathroom was spacious with a separate shower and bath and the beds were really comfy.The hotel restaurants seemed very expensive but with so much choice down in the mall and over in Kowloon we never felt the need to eat here .

the Conrad is an excellent hotel. I enjoyed every night of my stay here. Service is impeccable !

stayed at the Conrad for 5 nights on holiday with the wife. Not cheap , but worth every penny. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble from the second we arrived until when we departed. The room was fabulous with a great view of the harbour , hugely comfortable bed and great bathroom. We came back early from a shopping trip and the room was being serviced. The maid asked us for proof of who we were - great to think that all of their staff are focused on security as well as service. Great breakfast , great concierge , really could n't fault it and would definitely , definitely stay there again .

we choose to stay at the Conrad at the start of an extended holiday and it set the standard for everywhere else that we visited .

i could find no fault in my recent visit to the Conrad hotel in Hong Kong. The room was excellent , the bathroom was fantastic , and the service superb. I had a great view over the harbour , and on one night decided to have room service in my room because no restaurant nearby would likely match the view I had .

what a wonderful place ! The rooms and bathrooms are perfect , and the staff are so attentive and polite. We could n't have asked for better.. .

this is one of Hong Kong 's several high-end luxury hotels that predominantly caters to business travellers in the Central district. However , my wife and I greatly enjoyed our four-night stay for leisure as part of our recent Asia trip. The hotel is exactly what you would want and expect from a five-star , big-city hotel .

my wife and I stayed at this hotel over the holiday season. I had stayed at this hotel previously on business trips and had always found its location as a convenient one. Apparently , this location was also fine for vacationers .

i travel to Hong Kong bi-weekly and a good night 's rest is very important to me. I previously always stayed at the Ritz due to the wonderful service and intimate rooms .

the Conrad Hong Kong is a wonderful experience from check in to check out. The lobby is modern and

i stay at the conrad for the couple of time. The last time Nov. 05 , I got a room on a higher floor 56 . The decoration is so elegant but relaxed. All amenties were for guests to feel at home. Room attendant was also highly trained and they had a high service mind. The location is perfect , in the Pacific Place , a paridise for any shoppers .

i was travelling alone and got upgraded to a Club Level room. Having breakfast on the 59th floor is an experience I am looking forward to repeating .

we stayed at the Conrad for 5 nights , while visiting HK to sight-see and visit friends. We found the hotel to be excellent. The room was very clean and a good size , with a great bathroom. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in an excellent location. It is next to Hong Kong Park , which is a quiet oasis , but within a few minutes walk of the Aberdeen MTR station , which means very quick and inexpensive access to most areas .

fantastic hotel as you will have seen from the other reviews. Nice touches like the teddy bear by the bed and the duck by the bath .

the Conrad is a wonderful hotel that I would recommend to anyone visiting Hong Kong. The room was spacious and immaculate and the bed was extremely comfortable...even better than the famed beds at the Four Seasons. Everyone was extremely polite and courteous. The hotel is also conveniently located near the subway and shopping center. I would definitely go back .

