my sister and I stayed at Cosmo for 11 nights. We arrived at the hotel at around 12 am. We were informed that our room was upgraded to a superior room from a standard room. I appreciate the staff for doing this upgrade without our asking for it. My room has a street view which faced the front of the hotel on the 12th floor . My room has 2 twin-size beds with down comforter and no unpleasant smell. Room size is small but typically for a room in Hong Kong Hotels unless you are willing to pay more. Restroom has a stand up shower , and provides some complimentary amenities such as toothbrushes , small toothpaste , shower cap , sanitary plastic bag , hand lotion , body wash and shampoo. I completed a survey with a service manager on my second night and received complimentary fruit every day after that. There is also 2 bottles of water free for guests every day. At one point I have 6 bottles of water in my room free of charge because I ‚ Ä ô ve asked for more. The manager also helped me made some copies free of charge. There is also a computer in the hotel lobby for hotel guests to use free of charge. Free wifi can be accessed in the lobby and 5th floor .

stayed here for 3 nights recently , booked it after looking at their website .

the Cosmo was ok , we were in HK for a night last minute and we were looking for fun without huge costs. The Cosmo was clean and the staff were pleasant. The only negative about the room was we asked for non-smoking and we could definitely smell smoke but we were too tired to go through the hassle to change. The location is not great. About a 10-15 min to Times Square which is really the closest landmark to the hotel and no MTR or Tram station nearby so it was awkward to get around. It 's on a very busy , fast corner so hard to get a taxi as well. Decent value for the hotel but poor location if you are looking to step out the door and walk to LKF/Soho/Times Square .

my partner and I stayed at the Cosmo for two weeks. I have family in HK and have stayed in many different hotels , but I found this one to be my favourite. My partner has never been to HK before and he was really pleased with the hotel , the service and the location. The only thing I will say about it is that the rooms are small but perfectly formed and if you are staying for a long time like us two weeks it can get a bit cramped. Saying that though we were only in the room to sleep so it was managable. Also the bar downstairs was really expensive , but again we only had one drink in there as there was an impromptu thunder storm that we were waiting out before heading out of the hotel !

a two week business trip so on my own in a hotel , not always the best .

stayed here for 7 nights. Very clean , all staff friendly and helpful. I was on the top floor 27th , view of Hong Kong hills and Happy Valley .

although it takes about 15mins to walk to Times Square and there are no MTR nearby. There is a free shuttle where you can catch from its sister hotel , Cosmopolitan Hotel , which is next door , and runs every 20mins .

i booked this hotel because I was looking for something decent , inexpensive and close to causewaybay. Considering I 'm only staying one night .

after staying at The Cosmo , it all made sense as to why this hotel would be sharing it 's back wall with a Cemetery- a longer stay may just have you end up on the other side !

good friends of mine posted pics of their recent trip in HK earlier this year. The pictures of the hotel where they stayed at are what caught my attention. It seemed like their room was cozy , clean , and well-designed. You would n't even notice the size of the room. I asked them where it was and they said it was their favorite hotel and have stayed there a couple of times already. Now , when I go to HK , I usually stay at the Kowloon side. I know you other tourists/travelers out there understand why. So for my 3rd time this year going to HK , I decided to try this hotel - Cosmo. It 's a 15 minute walk from Causeway Bay MTR Station and 10 minutes away from the Peak Tram and Ocean Park via taxi. It 's my girlfriend 's first time out of the country and in HK so I wanted to make it memorable for her. Cosmo did a great job helping me do it. From the booking preparations , down to the hotel-airport transfer , 5-star accommodation indeed ! Clean room. And I mean CLEAN. Good breakfast buffet. Though i ca n't say its the best , but it hits the spot ! The staff were awesome to say the least. Very professional and accommodating. The marketing trainee i emailed with during my booking , the front desk staff , the little lady who does housekeeping every morning , the concierge , and most of all the bartender. 2 thumbs up to you all ! Will definitely stay there again in our next visit. And , like my friends who recommended Cosmo to me , I invite you all to visit Cosmo Hotel and experience what they have to offer. Who knows , it might be you who would be writing a blog like this in the near future ! Cheers !

  was our second consecutive year visiting Hong Kong. We also enjoyed Cosmo that much we also booked for the second time. Situated next door to the Happy Valley race course , Cosmo is a nice clean , cool and modern hotel. Staff were very helpful and approachable. The rooms were modern and inviting with various colour schemes to chose from , whichever took your mood .

for the price you pay , it 's worth it .

the location of the hotel is very nice. In 5 minutes you are in the main street where you can grab a taxi or the tram. The rooms are not so big , but confortable , clean and trendy ! Great price/quality relationship .

i was expecting quite a lot from this hotel since it is rated as four star , although in reality I would class it as a nice three star hotel. The hotel is very new , and the reception is spangly although small. It feels like the hotel was designed with younger people in mind .

i spent 8 nights at the Cosmo Hotel in June 2009. The rooms are cute and very clean with an extremely comfortable bed and pillows , but be warned , the room is tiny ! Fine for a solo traveler but for a couple , maybe a lot of bumping around. There 's a shuttle bus a few doors down at the Cosmopolitan Hotel that is very convenient and timely , otherwise it is a 10-15 minute sweaty walk to Times Sq. Also , Cosmo 's location is not ideal for flagging down taxi 's heading toward the city center it 's on the wrong side of the street . The hotel staff was helpful the first few times but after a few days they were sending me across the street to find one myself. The hotel bar was fairly empty the nights I was there so I could take my laptop with me and enjoy the free wifi with my drink. Free wifi is also available in the lobby and 5th floor terrace where you can smoke but I was lucky enough to get the wifi signal in my room 7th floor , terrace side . Oh yeah , my windows were covered so I could n't see out , but the sun still shone though. Fair trade for wifi. The biggest drawback was the lack of food options around the hotel. Eat before heading back , otherwise you 're in for a 15 minute walk or taxi ride .

stayed here for two nights following two week trip to China. Staff are great ; very friendly and helpful. Concierge was very quick to explain all of the shuttle bus routes which I used extensively during my stay. Rooms are small but comfortable. After what I experienced as a budget traveler in China , I was really happy the aircon and bathroom worked consistently ! The bar was surprisingly lively in the evening , filled with fellow travelers as well as some locals who stopped by after the Wednesday night horse races at Happy Valley. Breakfast was okay value ; choices were a bit limited but quality was fine .

we stayed at this hotel during a recent trip to HK to visit some family. We had the standard room which came with a queen bed , a small desk , a TV hanging on the wall , and a reasonably sized bathroom. Positives included the cleanliness , the diligence of the chambermaid staff , the quality of service , and the free shuttle service to neighboring districts and MTR stations. Of note , the shuttle service was prompt and on time and we relied on it several times a day throughout our trip. We found our room rate on Hotels.ca and were very happy with what we got in general. Other perks included in the room rate include a credit at the foot spa next door , and the restaurant at the larger Cosmopolitan hotel do n't go to the Maison restaurant , its not worth it even with the discount . The major drawback we found was that internet is not included in the room rate , and runs an extra $ 100HKD / day. Free wifi can be found on the 5th floor lounge or in the lobby but its very inconvenient. You can also purchase internet time by the hour which come at a cost of $ 20/hr .

i booked from internet on Cosmo 's excellent website that shows floor plan of room , different pricing options etc. Gave me confidence that this hotel is well managed. Indeed immediately on arrival service at the front desk etc. was excellent. Concierge gave me important tips for finding what I wanted to buy , front desk staff printed out details for a museum I wanted to visit etc. 5th Floor outdoor terrace was great , with free coffee and tea available and we bought our own drinks from the bar on the ground floor. The main Cosmopolitan hotel at the corner provided all other necessary services - shuttle bus excellent ; restaurant etc. Most of all , given Hong Kong prices , the cost was very reasonable for the good sized room and quality service. Classic five star service at four star price .

a cute little hotel in Queen 's Road East. I checked in Cosmo in the morning

the room was relatively big and very comfortable. We ask for additional pillows and it was delivered very quickly up to our room .

we chose the Cosmo for our second ever holiday in HK largely because of the fact we wanted a hotel with a boutique feel , that was good for large familes , affordable and which has had some good reviews on sites such as this one. We did n't care about the view or a pool as we would be staying at the Renassance Harbuor View later in the holiday .

we lived in Bejing for a year and it is the first time I bought my twin boys to meet my parent in law who live in South Africa. We decided to meet up in HK and booked at cosmo hotel. The hotel is putting the special rate under &quot ; service apartment&quot ; which heavily discounted the room rate for weekly stay. So , if you stay there over a week , search their &quot ; service apartment&quot ; which give you the best value for money. we stayed at the oranged color 2 bedroom suite which has a silvery colour pantry with light cooking facility. They have even prepare two baby high chairs and some soft toys in the room for my boys ! Front office staff and the bellboy are very helpful. We love Cosmo Hotel .

this is my first time in Asia ‚ Ä ì Hong Kong and I have literally spent 10 hours in front of the desk to check out hotel deals. I finally select the Cosmo Hotel as it is affordable , modern and centrally located .

important Note :

trendy hotel that is clean and inexpensive. I felt very safe there and liked the location--it was close to the Happy Valley Racetrack which you should definitely go to if you have the chance . While it is very central , it is so convenient to a lot of transportation. Plus , taxis are super cheap .

great hotel esp for the price ! !

we are two active , fairly sophisticated travelers from L.A. who stayed for three nights at the Cosmo. We were very happy we chose to stay on HK island over Kowloon and thought the hotel 's location was very convenient not to mention the hotel offers free shuttles to various places around the city . Hong Kong is not a friendly city overall , but you would n't know it based on the treatment we received from hotel staff. The staff at both the Cosmo as well as at the neighboring Cosmopolitan hotel were fantastic. Everyone from the assistant manager to the bartenders went out of their way to make our stay special. Staying in HK island is expensive but the Cosmo provided an affordable alternative and we felt it was a good value for the price--this is not a really plush hotel , but it was very comfortable. Plus , we were able to put some of the money we saved on lodging and lower transportation costs towards other activities , since everything in HK is expensive. We would definitely recommend the hotel to other travelers , especially if you are looking to really enjoy the city feel of Hong Kong .

this hotel is the little brother of the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong but seems to be better value for money. We told the staff we were on honeymoon so they let us have an upgrade for free , however , the room was really tiny , so we ca n't imagine what our original room must have been like. The rooms are very elegant and clean and tidy , but the size was a bit of a problem for us as we had so much luggage for our round the world honeymoon .

our stay at Cosmo was more than comfortable when it comes to the rooms , cleanliness and installations. As for the service , however , the very contrary. The reception staff was mostly unhelpful , and reluctant to provide us aid when in need .

very clean and elegant hotel. Tiny rooms but who cares , marvellous staff , and a nice bar with live music and good too ! every night till 2 am and you can smoke there - until September , when the total smoke ban is put into effect in Hong Kong .

situated on a the busy Queens Rd East road , but dont let that worry you. This hotel is the little sister of the bigger Cosmopolitan Hotel , 2 doors down the hill. Located close enough to be able to get to everthing , but just on the edge of the city that its not crowded with tourists. Two minutes walk to the bigger Cosmopolitan Hotel to use their complimentary shuttle bus , or 10 minutes walk to Wan Chai train station exit A3 is the easiest to use . The tram outside Happy Valley race course is at the end of the road. Busses to Stanley just up the road. Service was excellent , staff were great and knew what they were doing .

after reading several reviews for this hotel , decided to book an executive room for our 2 week stay in Hong Kong and was not disappointed .

boutique hotels are under the spot light when modern travelers go on trips. Cosmo Hotel is cool , hip and colorful brightening up your journey. Staff are friendly and welcoming. I love their bar on the lobby their bar manager is such a wonderful guy giving us traveling tips and how to get the best out of Hong Kong .

among many places I stayed in Hong Kong I definitely should say Cosmo Hotel is one of the BEST. I loved the colored theme of the rooms , and the staff is very helpful .

great hotel for a good price. The staff have a well deserved reputation for friendlines and being helpful. Even the waitress at breakfast was helping me plan my day !

i have visited Hong Kong mostly for Business on several occasions , and this was my first stay at Cosmo Hotel and I loved it .

i have stayed in this Hotel for 10 times and to be honest , I love this hotel very much. What I can experience is all about the quality service of this hotel , staffs are really friendly and helpful , and they just go out of their way to help ! Room is clean and tidy , In fact , there is one point I would like to highlight for this Hotel is their Nooch Bar , what a wonderful place for relaxation with stylish decoration , comfortable atmosphere. Especially the specially designed cage style table provided private space for gathering , you can enjoy different kind of cocktail while listening to the great song from life band. Anyway , believe or not it is my 2nd home in Hong Kong. Last but not least , the location is very convenient that they have provided free shuttle bus to major area on HK Island for shopping or business purpose .

if you are looking for a hotel room the size of stamp , people who smoke even on non smoking floors and beds so hard you could be sleeping on cement and pay the same amount as staying at a nice hotel - stay here ! This is the hotel for you ! ! ! - the only nice thing i can say is... the manager Augustine was trying so hard but you could see in eyes that even he was embarressed by this hotel. Good luck - go to Jia and pay 50 USD more. ITS WORTH IT ! ! ! We went to the W hotel in Kowloon and still paid for our room here. But my back could n't take the beds .

being my first solo trip I was a little apprehensive but checked reviews before booking .

by little I mean our room was quite small , though there 's really nothing else to complain about. We stayed for a few nights and our room was cleaned and towels changed daily. Breakfast had a nice variety of Western bacon&amp ; eggs , croissants , cereal etc and Asian dim sum breakfast .

i stayed in cosmo hotel , which is the sister hotel of cosmopolitan hotel. the 2 hotels are located right next to each other. at the point of booking , there was a special internet offer on the hotel 's website. the superior room was being offered at US99 exc. 10 % tax .

i loved the hotel ! Very nice room , good service and nice location .

hong Kong was the final destination of two week holiday. I spent three nights at the Cosmo Hotel following a tour of the Chinese mainland. The hotels on the mainland had higher star ratings but I was far happier with the service at the Cosmo than I was at any of the 5 * hotels ! Ok , obviously the bedroom was smaller , the bathroom less luxurious and there was less choice at breakfast but... what a wonderful welcome especially from Yannick the guest services manager . There were fantastically helpful staff throughout the hotel and the bar was friendly with free wifi access for those who had their laptops . The hotel was impeccably clean , had a great free shuttle bus service and there were brilliant views from my room 2003 which overlooked the Happy Valley Racecourse . The staff gave me ideas for sightseeing the usual places and also slightly off the beaten track. They wrote down the bus numbers and even showed me where I could get the local buses from. I would have no hesitation in recommending the Cosmo and if I ever return to Hong Kong it would be my first choice .

sitting at the far end of Queen ‚ Ä ô s Road East near the Happy Valley Racecourse , the Cosmo Hotel is nestled between its ‚ Ä ô sister property , the Cosmopolitan , and a Sikh Temple. The location is convenient to Times Square and the Causeway Bay shopping district , or you can take a short walk in the opposite direction into Wan Chai. We stayed here four nights over New Year ‚ Ä ô s and can recommend this hotel as a moderately priced option that delivers on its ‚ Ä ô promises .

i wish to report to you that we truly enjoyed our stay at Cosmo Hotel from 30Nov08-5Dec08.This hotel is not only new , it is also very clean , comfortable and convenient to move from one place to another place. The hotel also provide free shuttle bus service to and fro town area and airport station which really helps alot in moving around. Of course for those who wish to do more walking , it is only 5-10mins walk to time square or causeway bay.In short whether you take bus or walk , it is that convenient. We are so thankful that we were uograded to Studio room without any extra cost though we have booked the superior room for the 5nights stay.We actually got this promotion from Zuji which I will encourage those who wish to book reasonable and good hotel to book through zuji.For those who wish to stay in a budget hotel and somewhere in Hongkong Island and near town area , I would encourage you to go for this hotel.if I were to go back to Hong Kong again,I wish to go back to this hotel again.Hope this review will give you better idea re this hotel. Reviewed by Michael &amp ; Angela Leong

i am a frequent traveler to Hong Kong , and I choose to stay in this hotel on every trip. The staff is outstanding -- friendly , helpful , professional , and hospitable. The staff has gone out of their way on numerous occasions to be sure that my needs were taken care of. The rooms are spotlessly clean , the bed linens are what you would find at a five-star hotel , and the amenities in the rooms water , robe , tea/coffee maker , etc. are generous. The hotel has a chic and trendy flavor about it , and the decor is stylish and updated. I hesitate to tell everyone about this hotel , lest it be full when I next come to Hong Kong , but I would be doing them a disservice if I did not share what a treasure this hotel and staff are. Even though I would prefer to be where my business is in Kowloon , I simply will not stay in any other hotel when I come to Hong Kong. It is my home away from home

the hotel is just a OK. nothing to expect too much .

it is our first time in Hong Kong and I ‚ Ä ô ve booked into Cosmo Hotel with my brother for a week. The hotel is just what is claimed to be a boutique hotel , very cozy and stylish with a modern twist. The room we stay in is compact but anyway we are out most of the time for sightseeing and experiencing the city .

my stay at Cosmo Hotel was everything that I was looking for. I found the hotel to be well-furnished , clean , and well-located. The staff were helpful , thoughtful , and courteous. Overall , great value for money .

it 's a nice , reasonably priced hotel , given that its on HK island and 15mins walk from Times Square and Happy Valley nice neighbourhood with a racecourse . We stayed in a superior double for a week and liked it. It was clean , tidy , smart looking good sized room. The receptionists were friendly and helpful. I ‚ Ä ô d happily stay here again but there are two things you should be aware of .

stayed here during part of a month long trip to China and found it lovely ! Staff were very pleasant and helpful and spoke good english. Rooms were small but cosy - had tv including BBC world , clean bathroom , comfortable beds and the room service folded my pjamas every morning aww ! . We were on quite a high floor and had a good view over the Happy Valley race course , along with a muslim graveyard haha. Is in a very good location - about 5 minutes walk from Times Square and the Causeway Bay/Wan Chai area so easy to get to the trams/MTR. I 'd definately go back/recommend to ppl .

two year ago I did n't find many boutique hotels in Hong Kong but when I recently visited there again , I found many options ! Considering location and prices , I checked into Cosmo Hotel and definitely worths applaud .

we stayed 4 nights at the Cosmo and overall it was a comfortable experience. Room was small but this is Hong Kong so we had expected it ! Not bad for the price we got a good deal on the BA website . The rooms are clean and pretty funky. The best thing was the bathroom with its powerful shower , just what you needed after a day 's walking in the hustle and bustle of the City. The room had no window though only a frosted pane as I think our room overlooked the graveyard at the back which was n't a problem unless you thought about it too much ! However , there are rooms which look onto the main road , so worth checking ahead to see where your room is likely to be if you prefer some natural light .

i just returned from 5 nights at the Cosmo. 1. The bed was incredibly uncomfortable and has caused me to have back &amp ; neck pain the entire time. Also , the sheets had some long black hairs in it &amp ; i was n't entirely sure it was fresh 2. Staff was surly upon check in and bordered on being rude. Basically threw my key card at me. At the same time that the couple next to me was checking in to a lower category room , was upgraded , with free internet and breakfast .. I booked the executive room and got nothing like this . I inquired about it and it was followed up by a phone call telling me they paid more than I did. Very strange service. Upon check out they were more pleasant 3. Only 4 non-smoking floors and the air con is connected so when someone smokes in their room it comes into yours. I had to move for the 2nd night.. the lowest setting on the aircon is quite high , so your choice is freezing or no air movement. 4. Amenities were random. My first room was kitted out well , the second only had half the amount . I was not sure if the water was complimentary or not. 5. Upon request they brought me an iron &amp ; ironing board , well at first just an ironing board , but it was done very quickly .. the front desk could learn how to be more pleasant from their very nice housekeeping staff. 6. The lobby really smelled like old pine disinfectant covering up bar smell - which is not what you want to be greeted with 7. The shower was really good &amp ; strong -however , the hairdryer was useless.. it blew out weak cold air . On a final note , i had the misfortune to get an orange/grey room. i saw a yellow room while it was being cleaned and looked much nicer , It is a bit of a walk to the MTR , but walking in HK is very easy &amp ; well signposted . Taxis were fairly easy to get i used them 50 % of time but the hotel is not easy to get to ,as the taxis had to go out of their way to make U turns. I would not recommend this hotel but I would n't say do n't stay here either , just do n't expect too much . I think their 4star rating is a bit far reaching.. more like a 3 star hotel. The computers in the room were nice if I had n't brought my laptop. Also I think the photos on their website are incredibly misleading .

this year was my 50th birthday , and my boyfriend and i stayed in hong kong for three days prior to flying to thailand for the remainder of our holiday. the cosmo was very small , but hey , how much room do you need to shower and sleep ! the bed was very comfy , and the shower was great. the room was spotlessly clean. the staff were very friendly and very helpful. the hotel is very well placed with regards to getting places , and they have a free shuttle bus which will take you back and forth to the main part anyway. but on saying that , the cabs are soooo cheap ! we found the place so clean and so british - really do n't know what else i was expecting to be truthful ! Must admit , the food tended to be a little bit pricey , but top quality. electrical items proved to be a bit on the expensive side too. the ferry to kowloon is a must. the difference between the two places is chalk and cheese ! Absolutely loved the place , and would definitely go back .

stayed at this hotel on the last week of February. I had a superior room and the room was small. I was asked to upgrade to an executive room for about 30 more a night , I declined. The bed felt like a hard piece of wood was under the matteress. It was not comfortable at all. The sheet and comforter were not very new , this looked like there used to be white but somehow were beige after some many washing. The walls are very thin and you can hear people next door and the doors to the room slam very loudly. Only plus for the room was that there was a mini frig , previous hotel we stayed at had none , ac worked great , tv had a couple of english speaking channels. The breakfast buffet was ok , the selection was not that great. The front desk was a little rude when asking them questions. A major plus for this hotel was that there was shuttle service provided by the hotel to different area , every hour. You have to go the sister hotel in order to use the shuttle but its no issue since its very close. I would suggest staying at the sister hotel which is the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It would have been only a few dollars more than the Cosmo Hotel for us , but the pics on the website made us choose The Cosmo , it looked so modern and chic. It was just off for us on the modern and chic. The Cosmopolitan Hotel looks a little more put together .

contemporary hotel but room was very small. Pretty much everything was tiny in the room from bed to washroom. View of cemetary might be a little creepy for some. Location was not bad - HK is a small city so nothing is really &quot ; that&quot ; far away .

the hotel is fine... it has a very luxurious ambience..i was there few days ago for a business trip and we 've chosen the hotel for my shelter... The room is big and the food is excellent..the service is ok , not high class type of service though coz some of my request has not been urgently attended to , but over all , it is great... my stay has been worth while and i will however take into consideration choosing Cosmo again next time. .

i like the Cosmo Hotel. It was very fresh and trendy. The hotel staff were helpful. Wan Chai is within walking distance of the hotel and the Happy Valley race track is close by. The rooms are small compared to other hotels we have stayed in. I would also recommend you know your travelling companion very well , as you can see into the bathroom from the bedrooms in the superior rooms. I would recommend you book the superior rooms if you like a view , as the cheaper rooms may have no view or a view of the wall of the graveyard that is behind the hotel .

my fiance and I stayed at the Cosmo Hotel from 3/7 - 3/15/07. I researched neighboring hotels in Causeway Bay and felt this was the cheapest for $ 94 per night , given that it was relatively new. The room is small , tidy &amp ; clean. I did n't expect it to be large or even nice given the reviews I read about hotels in Hong Kong. Afterall , I would spend most of the time exploring the city and only go back to the hotel room to change and sleep. I expected it to be sufficient for the price I paid and was pleasantly surprised to find it trendy and efficient. The bathroom is literally the size of a closet. It 's ridiculously small. I felt claustrophobic when I was showering and I 'm a tiny girl. I enjoyed the free internet access in the room. The only concern was the location of the hotel. I needed to go down an underpass to walk over to Times Square about a 10 - 15 minute walk . This felt unsafe to me but I had my guard up being that I 'm from NYC ... going into any underpass in an unknown city felt unsafe . The windows in the room fogged up several times but that 's probably due to the weather in March. It was very humid , foggy &amp ; moist in the room after a shower or if you stayed in the room overnight. The bed itself was firm and I felt comfortable during my entire stay .

we stayed at the Cosmo last year after looking all over for a cheap hotel online. This one was one of the cheapest we could find but we werent disappointed at all. The hotel is very modern and stylish and all the staff are very friendly. The room we had was a basic room , it was small with fogged out windows I guess it was to mask the view of the famous cemetary behind the hotel . The rooms size wasnt off-putting at all as whoever designed it really accounted for space saving issues... and after all , who wants to go on holiday and spend all day in the room ? ? After all , all you need is a clean room , comfortable bed , good air conditioning , and a nice bathroom... The Cosmo more than delivered .

when I walked into the hotel lobby , I guess it gave the expection of the room. The lobby is small , practical and trendy. We walked to the reception desk and we were greeted by a friendly staff .

i liked the Cosmo -- it was n't cheap but not a bad value for Hong Kong and it had some nice style in the rooms. I really liked the free high-quality coffee machine that was available 24/7 in the 2nd floor lounge. We booked a superior room because the website made it look like the basic room did n't really have an exterior window---I 'm not sure if that 's true but our room had a nice city view. We also took advantage of their shuttle bus a fair bit which is actually next door at the Cosmopolitan . Other reviews had complained about the size of the rooms being tiny but I thought it was totally adequate although the bathroom was tiny .

as my partner and I were in Hong Kong for a romantic weekend I thought I would splash out and get a nice hotel. The advertisements for the Cosmo looked great , so I decided to go for an executive room. Basically , it was smaller than most budget rooms I have stayed in , and only marginally nicer. The bathroom was cramped , breakfast was n't even included at the rate of US $ 530 for 2 nights , the staff at reception were rude and I felt completely ripped off. There were no facilities , I have no idea how they feel they can charge these type of rates ? I would definitely not recommend anyone stay there unless they can get a very cheap rate .

stayed at the Cosmo , the sister hotel of the giant group The Cosmopolitian Hotel in Hong Kong .

avoid this Hotel at all costs. it 's over priced , the rooms are the smallest I have ever seen in my life i know rooms are small in Hong Kong but this is a joke .

my husband and I stayed at the COSMO Hotel over a weekend in early October. The rooms are very small and the staff unfriendly. Location is not close to much except the HK convention centre abt 10 mins cab ride . It is a 15 mins walk to the nearest train station Wan Chai and food outlets are near the station. We paid HKD 1,800 + 13 % tax and yet had a tiny room. We had previously stayed in many hotels in HK and this has the be the worst value for money given the service level and room size .

stayed at their sister hotel , The Cosmopolitan , in March and thought it would be a similar experience. Quite the opposite. The rooms are very , very small and on one side they face the cemetary. They use frosted window to try to cover it up. We payed a little extra to switch to a bigger room. The room had a computer with internet access and came with breakfast everyday. The bathroom was is extremely small. There is no room to put any tolietries in the bathroom or to move around .

it cost me $ 1,100 HK dollar /night for a room that is the size of my own bathroom. the room are all cover by white paint. location is inconvience. however they do have shuttle bus that circle between causeway bay subway station Time square and several different location. I am seriously doubt about that 4 star rating which they posted at hotel.com. over all is a very bad deal .

i chose the hotel because I was attending a convention at the HK Convention and Exhibition Centre and the hotel provided free shuttle buses to. The other reason was because Cosmo had a Studio room which could accomodate 3 adults , an absolute rarity in HK. I did not want to put in an extra bed and lose all walking space , knowing how tiny HK hotel rooms are .

the Cosmo Boutique Hotel is an affordable and convenient Hotel to stay in Wan Chai. I was there for 4 days in August. There was a special promotion for booking through the internet before the end of the month and I got it real cheap. The Hotel room is cosy and to my suprise is not that small as i expected it to be .

totally agree with the review written by &quot ; ballina&quot ; below. Thought of writing something but I think that review has pretty much covered everything .

i chose the Cosmo Hotel because of it ‚ Ä ô s great location right next to the Happy Valley Race Track , free Wifi in the Lobby , free shuttle bus to the Hong Kong airport express and other MTR Stations and because of it ‚ Ä ô s look ; .

wow wow wow , this is my first experience to stay in a ‚ Ä ú boutique hotel ‚ Ä ù and it ‚ Ä ô s totally so different ! ! I have heard my other friends minding me the possible tiny room size in Hong Kong , and they are no liars. But well , at least it ‚ Ä ô s far better than those in Japan ‚ Ä ¶

we were unimpressed by the musty , damp , smoky , unclean smell of the rooms and the elevators had a very strong whiff of sewage many guests were commenting on this at the time of our stay .

do n't expect the great design hotel , they are exaggerating a little on that. But it is a nice place to stay , especially for the price we were paying around 60 Euros per night .

there 're not many boutique hotels in Hong Kong perhaps still a new trend , Cosmo , being one of the few , is definitely the one worths applaud .

while I stopped over Hong Kong on entering China , I

the whole place is so pretentious it can almost make you nautious. They try to keep an image of a &quot ; trendy,&quot ; &quot ; stylish,&quot ; &quot ; posh&quot ; place to stay. Do not buy into that. All that pretense does n't go any farther than the lobby .

i was pretty disappointed with this hotel ! I 'm not sure whether that was down to the fact that I had spent the previous 3 nights at the MO Excelisor before spending 2 nights here or whether it just was a pretty bad hotel .

stayed here with my wife in November for three nights. The deal through Expedia was just under ¬ £ 60GBP a night. Early flight so got to hotel at about 9am , they let us check in early and the room was ready ! Good so far. Found the hotel to be small but clean. Room was very small , and this was an &quot ; executive room&quot ; ! However it was perfectly functional , on a high floor and the view was good .

this is the email I sent the management to which I still have n't received any resolution... .

the cosmo was a lovely place to stay,

the cosmo hotel has terrible reception staff , service and lack attention to detail in guest rooms and public areas .

cosmo Hotel is a nice small boutique hotel. You get the feeling that you 're in for something hip and trendy when you walk in through the door. But when you get to the room , that feeling quickly fades. The room is just ok , a bit of a let down from the description of it being this chic modern hotel and the pictures on the website .

the Cosmo Hotel is not located particularly close to an MTR station , making it not as convenient as many other Hong Kong hotels. There is meant to be a shuttle bus available , however I gave up waiting 20 minutes after the scheduled time and caught a regular bus cheap and easy enough from the doorstep .

i booked 6 nights stay in this hotel thinking that the room would be reasonably big for myself and my husband. My husband who checked in a day before me decided to accept their offer to upgrade us to an executive room by extra payment. On arriving , I could n't believe to see that the room we were in was so small that there was hardly a space for two suitcases on the floor. There was a computer table but hardly any space for a small notebook !

stayed here on 2 separate occasions and I loved it. The rooms are small but modern and very comfortable. It has the feel of a small hotel but with acces to the facilities of a large hotel ; their sister hotel next door The cosmopolitan has a business centre , a free shuttle bus to Time Square &amp ; beyond , and a taxi rank .

location is far off from Times Square , about 20 to 25 mins walk. Rude and poor attitudes front desk staffs .

this is one cool hotel , i actually thought i was staying in its sister hotel the cosmopolitan , i had mistakenly booked this one. But as soon as i went to reception in cosmo i wqas glad of the switch...very cool chic hotel....like me really ! ! great style and pizzaz in hotel , awesome colours. the bar is one cool place to hand out , even if one night i was the only person in ! ! drinking san miguel on my own , tho you do get some dried peas for company ! now for the real stuff..enough jokes now..the welsh get enough stick ! !

i would think that the Cosmo is quite a reasonably priced accommodation in Hong Kong. The room was clean and nicely furbished. The staff was friendly and helpful. However , when making use of extras room service , internet access , room bar , etc. , things can get expensive .

Ô º ¥ Ô Ω à Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω à Ô Ω è Ô Ω î Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω å Ô Ω è Ô Ω è Ô Ω ã Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω å Ô Ω â Ô Ω ã Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ç Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω å Ô Ω è Ô Ω é Ô Ω á Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω é „ Ä Ä Ô º ≥ Ô Ω è Ô Ω à Ô Ω è Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º © Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ï Ô Ω ê Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í „ Ä Ä Ô Ω î Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω é Ô Ω Ñ Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô Ω Ñ „ Ä Ä Ô Ω à Ô Ω Å Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω å Ô Ω å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ç Ô Ω è Ô Ω Ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω é „ Ä Ä Ô º è Ô Ω Å Ô Ω í Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω É Ô Ω è „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω î Ô Ω ô Ô Ω å Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ü Ô Ω ï Ô Ω í Ô Ω é Ô Ω â Ô Ω î Ô Ω ï Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º ¥ Ô Ω à Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω í Ô Ω è Ô Ω è Ô Ω ç Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ç Ô Ω Å Ô Ω å Ô Ω å „ Ä Ä Ô º ç Ô Ω Ç Ô º è Ô Ω É „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ê Ô Ω Å Ô Ω É Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ç Ô Ω â Ô Ω á „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ï Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω é „ Ä Ä Ô º ® Ô Ω è Ô Ω é Ô Ω á „ Ä Ä Ô º ´ Ô Ω è Ô Ω é Ô Ω á Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º ¢ Ô Ω ï Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω î Ô Ω à Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω í Ô Ω è Ô Ω è Ô Ω ç Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω É Ô Ω å Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô º å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω é Ô Ω â Ô Ω É Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô Ω Ñ „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ê Ô Ω å Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω Å Ô Ω ì Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô Ω î Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º ¥ Ô Ω à Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω î Ô Ω Å Ô Ω Ü Ô Ω Ü „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω å Ô Ω ì Ô Ω è „ Ä Ä Ô Ω á Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω Å Ô Ω î Ô º Å

we stayed at the Cosmo for three nights in November after they had first opened. We did not get the room type that we requested , and were taken into two rooms that were unfinished before they actually found us a room with a double bed , which ended up being a smaller cramped room. Even though we were downgraded , the hotel offered no compensation or refund. The room had a window that was completely frosted over and there was no light in the room. Although Expedia stated several amenities , the hotel had NONE. There was no hairdryer , the internet was expensive , the television had three stations , etc. The staff was friendly , but not particularly helpful. Expedia ended up crediting us because of all of the trouble we had. I do n't think of myself as a picky traveller , but this was in no way worth the trouble .

given the other reviews of the Cosmo , I had relatively high expectations of this hotel and was very disappointed. I was charged over 100pounds for a tiny and cramped room on the 5th floor- the same floor as the breakfast restaurant. There was constant traffic on the floor as staff and other guests accessed the restaurant. Not a quiet night .

