i had stayed 4 nights in this hotel and I left it , feeling largely contented after my stay here. Firstly , the complimentary shuttle to and from the airport was nice. The hotel was located near a flyover , with some walking distance to the major attractions in HK. The service was impressive kudos to the bellboys and foyer staff especially and I was made to feel welcomed immediately .

goord and clean room. Helpfull staff and good room with pleasant bed. Good shower , with much water and adjustable temperature. Very good and rich breakfast. English , Dutch bread , eggs fresh made by cook at wish , chinese dim sum and beans and fresh fruit.s for very small price. Good massage center next to hotel and fabolous shopping on 5 min walking distance. Complmentary bus to city center and HK central station .

this was our first visit to Hong Kong and I think we chose extremely well. The hotel was situated very near to all forms of transport so therefore travel to nearly anywhere was extremely easy. The service was excellent and what we liked more than anything else was the friendliness and willingness to help of all staff. The view was breathtaking and overlooked Happy Valley Racecourse and large sections of Hong Kong skyline. Our stay was extremely enjoyable and we will definitely come again and stay at the Cosmopolitan. Thank you .

the executive suite has great amenities for anyone on a holiday. Perhaps the amenities tend to overcrowd the room. The service standards are good with very friendly and welcoming housekeeping staff. There were times when the internet connection was lost for some reason and could come back on for some time. It is interesting to note that my taxi driver dropped me off the main road instead of driving into the foyer of the hotel .

right across the HK Jockey Club and the Aberdeen Racetrack .

our boys attended an expedition trip organised by CNA Asia - so we extended their departure and joined them in HK ! This is our 2nd visit to Cosmopolitan Hotel and we enjoyed our stay throughout. The shuttle service made it convenient for us to make our trips to Disneyland , Ocean Park , Lantau island and the shopping malls..all free and easy on our own timing. All these will not be possible without the assistance rendered by the hotel esp Mr Andrew Director of rooms whom did not hesitate to answer our endless questions on recommendations and directions : My children liked one of the founded restaurants named SML Times Square Food Mall esp the fresh smooth caramel cream puffs and we went back there thrice ! In general , we had a pleasant and relaxing holiday...Thanks Andrew , WE WILL BE BACK AGAIN ! ! ! CJcjcj Singapore

good for short stays , good location for city center if your will its shopping.. .

probably one of the best hotels i have stayed in for service. The staff were welcoming and friendly without ever feeling like they were over empowering. We had great value for money by booking with the hotle direct much cheaper than using the comparison sites. Had a great view over happy valley race course and the size of the room was great particularly for hong kong .

i usually stay at Empire on Lockhart Rd but rates were too high this time so I tried Cosmopolitan. I 'll probably choose to stay here over Empire in future. Good location and I had a great view from 2305 race course/cemmetary . Service was very good , no hassles. Room a bit small but well appointed. Only issue was noise from adjacent rooms could have been corridor the morning after I arrived. Loud children ! Overall a really pleasant surprise and an option I 'd highly recommend in the sub USD100/night range .

the location is good , hotel is clean but the room is a bit small. Room with window but no view. Wi-fi should be free in rooms. However , I consider my stay this time is comfortable and sure will return by next time .

i booked online with no issues. The hotel provided complimentary buffet breakfast each day for all of us. Convenient location right next to Happy Valley racetrack. Concierge was helpful both before and during the trip I would stay here again without hesitation .

i have a family of 5 and it is usually difficult to find a sufficient large room in Hong Kong. We were please with the good condition of room , morning breakfast and complimentary bus service at the hotel .

nothing bad about it , it says 4 stars , but i 'd say a 3 north american stars

overall a good hotel in a great location. However , I stayed for 10 days and noticed a few annoying things after a few days , breakfast buffet lacked day-to-day variety , showers are very small and if you want to shower three times per day there is not enough shower gel/shampoo so pack your own .

the hotel is clean and the staff are extremely helpful. We booked a non smoking , surperior double room. They gave initially a twin bed smoking room. When we asked for it to be a double room as requesteed they shifted us to a very small double smoking room. Total area of room would have been about 18 sq m. Bed was against one wall so you had to climb over the person sleeping to get in to one side. Gap from other side of bed to outside wall was half a meter , No room in the bed room to put even one case on the floor and be able to open the door and get in or out. All windows on one side of the building are painted white and the windows bolted closed so there was no view outside. Felt like being in a windowless cupboard. This was because it is next to an old cemmetry and Chinese do n't like looking out over a cemmetry. I feel they should not have painted out the windows and left it up to the guest to choose if they wanted to look outside or not. You could have then just closed the curtains if you did not like the view. This option was not available to us. It has no shops or cafes close by but they do provide a free shuttle bus to the centre of town. Breakfast wasgood. We stayed three nights and our room rate varied by over 40 % between the first and last night. They do n't have a fixed price for your total stay but vary the room price depending upon their occupancy. So even though we prebooked a superior , non smoking double room we got the opposite. Room rate paid was not cheap .

just back from 11 nights at the cosmopolitan. We were playing in the World Masters hockey Tourni across the road at the Hong Kong Football club , situated in the Happy valley Racetrack complex , therefore an ideal place to stay .

this hotel was the last we stayed in after a three week trip of China , so it was about our eighth hotel. The double room was a little small , especially compared to those we 'd stayed in on the mainland , but it was n't tiny and we could move around OK. The same goes for the bathroom. We 'd requested a double bed , but as the room we 'd been allocated had twin beds , staff moved them together for us straight away. The mattresses were hard , but not as hard as most of those in the mainland hotels. Breakfast was the usual strange Chinese/European buffet , with badly-fried eggs and a small selection of bready products. It was almost impossible to compile a breakfast that did n't seem weird ! However , my usual request for a pot of hot water I bring my own herbal teas , which generally produced complete bafflement in mainland hotels , actually produced pots of hot water here , with no discussion ! I 'd read about the pillow menu , and after a prolonged struggle it seems few of the staff had heard about it I got an orthopaedic pillow , which helped my sleeping no end .

at first , I really did n't want to like the Cosmopolitan , having just come from 5 star hotels on the mainland. I had made a point of emailing ahead of time to confirm two non-smoking rooms and that we were going to be checking in late , but when I checked , in the desk clerk told me that none were available. I do n't give up easily and after a &quot ; lively&quot ; but civil conversation , the desk clerk was able to locate non-smoking rooms for us .

had two nights stay with my girlfriend at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in causeway bay Hong Kong. We find the shuttle service to times square shopping mall and airport express train station were extremely convenient for shopper like us. The bed was comfortable and the service from the room maid to the front desk were excellent. Everyone in the hotel were very helpful and cheerful at the same time .

plus : Nice modern hotel , good staff/service , location 10 minute walking distance to both Wan Chai and Causeway Bay Metro stations .

we have visited your hotel room 216 from 04 to 07 octobre 2009.Nous want to express through these few lines our satisfaction .

this hotel achieves exactly what you want froma mid range hotel in Hong Kong. Whilst not in the centre of town it relatively easy to either walk into town or catch readily available taxis straight into town .

the first night we stayed we were in a room which was just opposite the lift and all night we heard the ping of the lift which did n't make for a great nights sleep. The mattress was a little hard too. We rang reception and requested a different room which was provided , the new room was very spacious and the bed was huge. They also put something on the mattress to make it softer. It was not a problem for them at all .

i stopped for 5 nights on the 2nd October 09,i found this Hotel to be a great place to stay,the staff where excellent and very help full and went the extra mile to make your stay as comfortable as possible.This hotel has a great location with the race course just over the road,and the the shopping malls just 5mins away,the hotel has its own bus that takes you around and drops you off,even down to the MTR stations.This hotel offers great value for your money and the rooms are very comfortable along with the excellent room service,i stayed on the 17 floor [ room 1719 ] which gives a great view all round. The general manager can be very proud off its staff and the way they went about making it a great place to stay,once again many many thanks for looking after me and i will with out any doubt stay there again and recommend this great hotel to anybody,many thanks

our stay in this hotel was over all nice and good. The staff are really friendly. I got the deluxe room on the 21st floor. The view is fantastic. I travelled with 2 young children. I got a 5 month old baby and they gave me a baby bassinet. I did n't know i can give tips to the guys downstairs , I wish i did because they were so nice to me. I came from Japan which we dont have to give tips coz its rude for them. I dont know if im going to offend them by giving them tips , like I said I wish , I did. They gave me a hand with my bags arriving and departure from the bus. I like the hotel , Its nice and clean. Buffet breakfast was good too. Only thing I can say is that the bed was so firm .

hotel is very clean. Great friendly staff. Room is a little small. Hotel provides shuttle bus services every 15 minutes to nearby shopping mall/subway. WiFi in lobby. Our maid Winnie Hung is very nice and efficient. Great hotel , will stay there again. Highly recommanded .

my wife and I spent 8 nights at this great hotel. The staff were very helpfull , polite and professional. They operate a free shuttle to various places in Hong Kong making the use of the underground rail system a delight. On completeing a questionnaire on the second day fresh friuit of your choice was left in the room every day and a choice of newspapers made available. Don ¬ ¥ t like powdered milk in the morning , simply ask for milk and they will place it in the bar fridge for you. They also have an excellent pillow service , never come accross this before but you have the choice of how firm you want your pillow , how many and whether you want it scented with lavender or not. If possible have a room overlooking the Happy Valley Racecource , great view. When it came to checking out everything was correct , which is always a pleasure ! If we were to go back to Hong Kong would stay there again .

we left on Saturday at 3PM having stayed for the week. The staff a pretty good and they try hard , they are simply let down by their equipment .

online reservations were efficient and user friendly. Our rate included room for 2 beds.. .

pros : The building 's newer construction/remodeling is evident. The rooms are fresh , modern , and comfortable. The common spaces were glassy and elegant , while the front desk staff polished and warm. Free business center. The rooms were small but nonetheless totally comfortable , and the views ran the gamut .

excellent location being in wanchai , most locations being of walking distance if not a very short cab ride from the hotel ie. Time square. The hotel overlooked Happy Valley racecourse which was a very nice plus. Free shuttle service offered every 30mins or so to popular locations and tube stations. Cosmo bar and massage parlour co-join to Cosmopolitan hotel which came in very handy during poor weather. Very helpful staff , more than willing to offer advice and help. When I next visit HK I will be staying at The Cosmopolitan !

the hotel is well located and very well connected with different main places in the city by means of the hotel ¬ ¥ s free bus which has a wide timetable to suit different people ¬ ¥ s needs. It allows clients to go to different places or metro stations very conveniently .

i came to Hong Kong to attend the Fair every year , and it was my first time to stay at Cosmopolitan Hotel. I cant exactly tell its location , but it is walking distance to Causeway Bay shopping , old city Wan Chai and Happy Valley Jockey Club. Free hotel shuttle bus is offered to Convention Center throughout the day and a free coffee station is in the morning which is a very nice touch. The shuttle bus driver is very informative and friendly. I booked at the Standard Room , good value for what I have paid , and the room size is reasoable with around 24 sqm which is spacious room size comparing with other hotels in Hong Kong. The housekeeping lady is extremely helpful and thoughtful. I will definitely stay at Cosmopolitan Hotel again .

a standard tour group hotel , mostly with tourists from mainland China. The rooms are clean , and relatively well-appointed. However , I would consider the the rooms to be somewhat standard. There didn ‚ Ä ô t seem to be anything ‚ Ä ú boutique-ish ‚ Ä ù about the hotel , so I did feel the descriptions were over-stated .

we spent 4 days at Cosmopolitan Hotel before my boys go back to school in Sep. Hotel 's location is right in the city and the added value is the free hotel shuttle bus to all the shopping areas on HK island. Our room is facing the horse racking course track and my boys just love it ! Services from housekeeping is excellent , and we met up a manager , Andrew Lee , he is a Singaporean as well. He is very helpful and gave us a lot of shopping tips around the hotel. The hotel is definitely balue for money and we will be

we stayed for 5 nights. Rooms were large and clean. Resturant staff were very friendly and gave us ideas on where to go each day and how to get there. Nothing was to much of a problem. The American Breakfast was fantastic , very very filling. The hotel has a handy Bus shuttle service to selected parts Causeway Bay , Central , and Admirality , which linked up to the Rail / Ferry transport. Great location , heaps of transport at a stones throw , or you can walk to Time Sq or Central if your keen . City View is definatley nice , however the view over the cemetary and surrunding hills would be just as nice. Would highly recommend this hotel and would stay again .

we are very happy with our stay at Cosmopolitan. Its good locataion and shuttle service are extra bonus for our stay .

the hotel gives a very nice first impression as it is clean , bright and in good order. My sister and I were greeted with a few smiling faces at the hotel driveway and in general , we were both extremely happy with their services in all ways , except that the reception was quite busy when we arrived , and we needed to sit down to wait for 10 minutes before we could check-in .

we were c/i by a male staff forgot to get his name with a adorable smile and in a very friendly manner. The room was ok but a bit under expectation. Overall is good but my impression was runied by the Concierge upon c/o. The shuttle bus was leaving in a minute to Time 's Square when I was checking out. I asked the Concierge whether they could wait just for 1 minute and the guy said that the bus must left at 12 : 10 SHARP , could wait no longer. We then told that the next bus would be departing 20 min later. We waited untill 12 : 35 and still could n't see any shuttle bus. I asked the Concierge and I was told that the shuttle bus was late due to traffic jam. Then we waited for another 5 minutes and the bus came back at last...... ... We got on the bus finally BUT we had to wait another 5 minutes for departure coz the bus runs every 20 minutes......... That means after 12 : 35 , the next one will be 12 : 50. IT 'S SO RIDICULOUS ! ! ! ! We did n't even heard a single word to apologize from the Concierge and it seemed that this happens very often and they used to it already ! ! ! ! !

i would say that these 3 S 's were what made my stay at your hotel such a pleasant one :

very worth your money , we stayed for four nights with my family. service was really good. specially the shuttle buses to the main areas in the city. im definitely going to pick this place again when i get a chance to go back in HK =

booked this hotel on the internet for my family of six including a four year old little boy

the Cosmopolitan Hotel and its staff is such a welcoming , friendly and helpful place. On my second stay I could n't stay somewhere else after the efforts and assistance of the staff on my first stay it has become my 2nd home. Next to Happy Valley Racecourse , it is in a fantastic location , in a quieter spot , which is a relief , and with trams at the door that can take you in either direction across the island , to all of the ideal places to visit. There are also buses almost at the door which do the same , including straight down to the southern beach spots of the island - Stanley , Deep Water &amp ; Repulse Bay , Aberdeen - all of which you must see , not to mention right to the peak tram &amp ; lookout which you just can not miss. The staff at the Cosmopolitan can not do enough to help you with any travel and touring questions you have. They have dedicated customer service and tour personnel to help you with absolutely anything. And the restaurant for breakfast , lunch and dinner is superb ! I honestly ca n't recommend them enough. This is a very friendly , elegant and professional hotel. Robyn Saynor , Melbourne , Australia .

we booked a suite , because we travelled with our son. So we had a sitting room with an extra bed without extra charge and a sleeping room , a nice cozy bathroom and a wet bar with an selection of 5 ¬ † different kinds of ¬ † water FOC . We got the OSIM suite with a massge chair , which we all loved.The restaurant serves excellent Chinese food and a god selection of Western dishes. The Bar which is in their partner hotel COSMO is an absolutely must. It was early and they allowed our son to come along. They have a black and red theme and you can sit in something like tent with a high celing. Great place.We only stayed two days and attended some family matters , but we all liked it a lot and would come back .

i went to Hong Kong for a few days , and i had a room in the Cosmopolitan Hotel. It was very nice , they were very helpfull and the service was great. So i recommanded this hotel for everybody because it is the place to sleep

very good and comfortable hotel , I will definitely stay here again when I am in Hong Kong .

this hotel all being a four star rating did have a small room and we did get the view of the cemetary. However as we only used the hotel to sleep in this did not bother us .

this is a very wonderful hotel ! My family chose Hong Kong as our destination this time since we all came here to meet my brother ‚ Ä ô s fianc √ © e and her family. We were well treated and were brought around to Ocean Park and Stanley and dine out one night at the Peak , all amazing places !

have stayed in HK hotels before and have paid far more than I did at the Cosmopolitan for far worse. The Cosmopolitan is a well located hotel with very courteous staff. I did n't try the restaurant as there is so much food to choose from in the nearby surroundlng locations. It is convenient to get to Times Square and the adjoining Causeway Bay MTR station. From there you can get to pretty much anywhere on HK island in Kowloon or the new territories. The free shuttle bus is an invaluable service provided by the hotel and encouraged me to try the Hong Kong express service on my return trip to the airport. I will not be catching a taxi again after this- it was fantastic. We hope to visit Hong Kong again next year and will be definitely booking our stay at the cosmopolitan .

the Cosmopolitan is a simple yet chic boutique hotel in Happy Valley , reasonable priced and good location. The staff are polite , helpful and friendly. Rooms are well appointed , clean and comfortable - a king sized bed was great but given the room size , a queen would 've been a bit better fit .

for the location and price this is a great hotel. The staff was courteous , the rooms were really clean and the hotel is located close to both Central and Causeway Bay .

in all aspects of hotel facilities this one gives excellent value for money. From the 12th floor the view was stunning whilst the noise from the very busy road was hardly heard. Service from all the staff from front desk to room service was of a standard that even the most expensive hotel will find hard to match. We will return which after staying 15 nights at any hotel speaks volumes as you tend to test all the systems and facilites after such a lengthy stay. If we had to make a criticism it would be the old gripe that the minibar is far too expensive to use .

we stayed in the Deluxe Course View room and booked through their website using a Travelzoo promotion code. All in all , I 'm quite satisfied with our 3 night stay .

my husband and I go to Hong Kong quite often and have always stayed in hostels before because hotels are so expensive here . We found a great deal for the Cosmopolitan Hotel... HKD $ 600 per night and figured we had to try it out you have to do a thorough web search , but the deal is almost always out there somewhere ! We were not disappointed. The location is about a 15 minute walk from the nearest MTR station Causeway Bay but that 's okay because the hotel has a shuttle that will pick you up and drop you off at either Causeway Bay or Central , leaving every 20 minutes ! The staff were excellent , the rooms were impressively clean and comfortable , and our view of the cemetery out back was remarkably nice since it was Tomb Sweeping holiday ! =

i spent 4 nights at Cosmopolitan , and found it the most enjoyable stay of my holiday. I had a room that overlooked part of the Racecourse and the busy road and enjoyed watching the scenery and the bustling people and traffic .

i stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel for one night on my business trip in Hong Kong. I stayed at the cheapest room available HK $ 650 . The room is tiny , but the bathroom has a bath and shower. In general , the room is clean , but I found a stain on the pillow case. i think it is due to being overused , and not unclean

the Cosmopolitan is a 4 star hotel and gives you exactly what you might expect. Relatively small but comfortable and well-equipped rooms , an elaborate breakfast buffet that does n't aim at any Michelin star but satisfactorily fills your stomach , a rather good and reasonably priced restaurant , gleaming surfaces , friendly and efficient staff. It is rather well located near the water. No place to go for your honeymoon or a romantic weekend , nothing that stirs your imagination , nothing to keep you from throwing yourself head first into the many Hong Kong attractions , and exactly what you need when you get tired of those attractions .

i stayed in this hotel for 5 nights on business , I ate in the hotels restaurant La Maison de l'Orient for two nights because I could never get over my jet lag enough to venture out. The food in the restaurant was awesome ! Garlic prawns and spring rolls were my favorite ! The bed was very large but the mattress was very thin it felt like I was sleeping on two twin beds forced under a large mattress , could feel the seperation. On one evening of my stay the Hong Kong power company needed to check the system at the hotel , or something , and I was left without power in the very early evening until the next morning in a humid Hong Kong I was not ammused , nor was I ammused with the less than 24 hour notice .

this is exactly a hidden gem ! Cosmopolitan has the best service among all hotels I ‚ Ä ô ve stayed in Asia. You just ask , and they will get it done ! All staffs are handsome and beautiful and smart , very well-trained and they always show passion in what they do .

i strongly suggest that you get a deluxe room with view rather than a superior room without view. I laughed my heart out when I discovered that the &quot ; without&quot ; view is actually a &quot ; cemetery&quot ; view. The rooms and hotel surroundings are clean. Bathrooms are neat and cozy. Shuttle buses are provided for the guests who want to go to nearby places. I will definitely choose to stay at The Cosmopolitan Hotel on my next visit to Hongkong .

good hotel although a bit far away from the hustle and bustle. However , the hotel provides a fee hourly shuttle into town and taxis are very cheap compared to European standards. Hotel room was of a reasonable size with two twin beds and also very clean. We had a room on the 21st floor and although it is very high , the noise from the road could still be heard. Hotel was very clean throughout with a routine clean-up and disinfectant provided in the lobby. Breakfast was not very good so be prepared to go out in the mornings to get your brekkie. Overall very good other than breakfast and the location .

i stayed here for four nights in April 2009. Very reasonable rates with complimentary full breakfast. Intimate lobby with restaurant and bar. Friendly and helpful staff. Rooms are clean and spacious with stall shower and excellent view of Causeway Bay area and Happy Valley Racetrack. The mattress was somewhat hard , however. Decent location , only a mile and one-half or so from Central Hong Kong. Within walking distance to Times Square metro station. Hotel provides free shuttle service to and from Times Square every 20 minutes or so and hourly service to and from Central Hong Kong during the day and early evening. My only complaint was the hardness of the bed. Overall , however , the hotel represents a very good value .

i have just returned from a trip to Macau and Hong Kong and had stayed in Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong for a short weekend. My stay there was a delightful one .

the view from our room was fantastic - overlooking Happy Valley racecourse. I could have stared out there for hours .

a beautiful 3 star hotel for all age group of travellers and located conveniently near to harbour. Times square shopping area and convention centre at a walkable distance. Easily located. Breakfast at 50 % discount

stayed at the Cosmopoitan for 3 nights after 2.5 weeks in Australia. Bit of a culture shock as the room had 3 tiny single beds pushed together 3 pals but the value for money could n't be faulted. We had a room overlooking the Happy Valley Racecourse and watched the race live from our room AND on the tele at the same time ! We did , however , find it very cold as the air conditioning overall was too high. The daily complimentary water was great and the breakfasts were superb included in our price . The chef would make your eggs as you wanted them on the spot AND your waffles. It also had a good selection of western and asian food to suit all palates. I would recommend it as its not too far from the hustle and bustle , the shuttle bus is great but taxis are for nothing anyway and the staff were superb - very knowledgable and very helpful .

stayed here for the HK 7 's weekend , to be honest I did n't really get to see much of the hotels amenities , room service was good if a little slow .

we initially had reserved a standard room , which turned out to be very small. We upgraded to an Executive room , including breakfast , which overall was a much better deal , though almost doubled the price. Hotel buffet breakfast adequate if not memorable. Considering the location on a busy road junction the hotel was reasonably quiet. Executive room also had free access to the Internet , with a PC in the room .

i just returned from Hong Kong , and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan. This hotel is a great value. The hotel lobby is beautiful and smells lovely. The rooms are tiny , but clean and comfortable. The beds were very firm which I prefer , honestly , and the free shuttle service was very good. The hotel breakfast is good , but overpriced at around $ 20 USD per person. The dinner was just so-so. Do n't expect the Four Seasons. Service was average at the hotel... The price is right , though , and I would go back .

the Cosmopolitan sounded ideal from a rugby sevens hotel perspective , but was not impressed. i understand that they were particularly busy , but for the prices they charged , i will likely look for another hotel next year .

i have stayed many times in Hong Kong , and this was the first time in The Cosmopolitan hotel. I was impressed with the service and attitude of the staff from the moment we arrived. All employess we encountered were pleasant and helpfull , even the chamber maids wished us a good day. This hotel is located close to the happy valley stadium and also a short walk to the rugby stadium. The sevens tournament was in place on our trip , and we were ideally placed to walk to and fro for the games. I noticed this year in Hong Kong that the general attitude of hong kongers was to embrace the &quot ; lets help tourists&quot ; ethos , on several occassions passers by stopped to give directions or help. The food in the cosmopolitan was of a good standard , although the bar in the lobby could be made more usuable. Overall this hotel ticks all the boxes for a well run mid range hotel .

this is an excellent hotel to stay because of the location. Across from the hotel is Happy Valley Race Track , great place to run or watch soccer even ! Great bar at the hotel. In the heart of it all ! Great staff. My only complaint is the slow elevator ! That should say something ! Yes , there is a cemetery next to the hotel. But if you research and understand the history of the beautiful cemeteries then it is actually quite beautiful. They are placed specifically there for a reason , the view ! Great culture , have a great stay at the Cosmopolitan Hotel !

i went to Hong Kong in January 2009 and stayed at the Cosmopolitan for almost 2 weeks. I booked through expedia , which was a lot more cheaper than booking through their main website. I paid around $ 100 per night and a little more when it coincided with Chinese New Year .

cosmopolitan made our stay in Hongkong a very pleasant one. Every employee are friendly , warm and helpful. Once you enter the lobby , you can feel &quot ; at home&quot ; in the hotel. The employees will readily assist you. The foods served in the free buffet breakfast were okay for all nationalities. My son loved their hashbrown. The room we had was okay , we had a good view of the street. The location is also good because it is very near to Times Square , we had a leisurely walk going to and from hotel to Times Square at night. The excellent service is the free shuttle bus of the hotel offered to guests to important locations in the city. This we tried and enjoyed .

i stayed here for 5 nights. The hotel was recommended by a friend who had stayed there previously. The room was spotless and well provisioned. Quite a good size by Hong Kong standards. The bed was very comfortable indeed. The bathroom was excellent - only a shower no tub but well provisioned with everything a traveller could need including toothbrushes . The daily making up of the room was thorough , and supplies were reprovisioned as necessary. Nice touches included the free 4 bottle water bar , replenished daily , and the fruit in the room , also replenished. The location is great , in that it overlooks Happy Valley racecourse , but it is some way from the MTR subway , and the walk to the station includes some very steep stairs down to a passage under the road. But the hotel provides a frequent courtesy bus to the MTR , and the tram to Central stops right outside. Breakfast is great , although as I do n't eat a hot breakfast I can not comment on the quality of the very extensive selection provided .

the hotel is set a little way from Wan Chai &amp ; Cosmopolitan Bay , it takes about 5-10mins to walk the short distance to the Causeway Bay MTR , mainly because there are some busy roads to cross all with pedestrian controls .

a group of about 9 of mine friends and I blindly booked rooms at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. One of us randomly found it on the Internet and we decided to take a leap of faith , given the location and price. For once , a gamble like this paid off. The hotel is an AMAZING value for the online rates they offer. The lobby , resturant and rooms are all very clean and updated. The staff was extremely helpful and very eager to please. Especially Conrad , the bar tender in the lobby bar : There are a few things to mention , none of which bothered any of my group , nor would keep me from booking again when I return : ~ The shower stall is pretty small. Updated , great water presure , but a bit tight .

we had a comfortable stay at a deluxe room with a nice view facing the race course. The room is quite small , but good enough for light packers. A couple with one child would be ok. The shower area in the bathroom is quite small. though all basic stuff in the bathroom are provided. The bed though , needs upgrading as the cushion is not soft enough. and upgrade to LCD TV , as well. even just a 21&quot ; will do. this will save up space and electricity consumption. the lobby is clean but quite plain. just need a few furnitures to spice up the reception. a more modern looking sofa. the buffet breakfast is average in terms of taste and selection. the part i like best is the free shuttle services to time square and the mtr stations within HK island. this really makes it convenient to go around. this place is ideal if you 're visiting the peak , ocean park and other attractions with HK island. location is not recommended for those who are visiting HK just for cheap bargain shopping. there are a few bargain shops around , though but not like the night market in mongkok. but of course , you could always take mtr to mongkok and tsim sha tsui if heavy shopping is part of your itinerary .

i have just returned from a short business trip to Hong Kong and I am glad to have stayed in the Cosmo Hotel in Wan Chai .

what a wonderful stay with Cosmopolitan Hotel for my family travel. I can never , ever imagine we can find a hotel room which can fit for a family in four in a business district. When we checked in the hotel room , they call it Executive Family Quad Room. That ‚ Ä ô s true , it equipped with two double beds ! ! To be honest , my wife and me are big , but not a problem at all. Our daughters like the mattress very much since it is not too soft , not too hard ! !

this hotel is ok. But.. .

stayed for a weekend visit as found great rate on the internet. The hotel is up near the racetrack not far from wanchai/causeway bay. It is a minimalist style hotel and was fine for a short stay. The room was small but modern and seemed to be newly refurbished. The bed was two twins pushed togethor and was very hard the pillows and doona were very comfortable though . Checkin/out was very efficient. Overall good value for short stay .

small hotel near Happy Valley , on the fringes of Wanchai and Causeway Bay. Around a 10 minute walk to Times Square. Needs an update .

myself and four other friends recently stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel. When we checked in we were on the top floor with a great view. We requested a room on a lower floor as a couple of us are uncomfortable with heights. The staff were excellent and it was no trouble at all. The great thing about this Hotel is the free shuttle bus that takes you to various locations. This saved us a lot of money on taxi fares etc. The staff were excellent and the food was great. Highly recommended. Rooms are not very large but i think that is the normal in Hong Kong. We had 3 in our room and it was a tight squeeze but it was very clean and comfortable , and we were only there to sleep. Location is great once you get the shuttle to the Train station then you can travel anywhere cheaply. They also have a great area in the foyer where you can find out about tourist attractions and place to see. Hope to return next year .

stayed at Cosmopolitan hotel mid Feb 08. I have waited so long to write review because I just became member today. For several years I have selfishly used the resources offered on tripadvisor to help decide where to go , where to stay and what to avoid. Tripadvisor has saved me from having to deal substandard hotels and other accomodation issues , thanks to the unbiased reviews submitted by its members. I figure the least I can do is provide a little input so others can make informed decisions when planning travel. Enough with the blathering , I will get back to the point of this entry , reviewing the Cosmopolitan hotel .

i enjoyed my stay at Cosmopolitant back in Jan 2005 very much. It was a bit pricey probably because I walked with no advanced reservation or travel agent 's help. The customer manager Suki was particular helpful with offering a great rate still expensive , $ 150/night and local travel tips .

my wife and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in November 08. We booked direct with the hotel who gave us a great deal on a Delux Course View room , which over looks the Happy Valley Race Course , what a view at night time .

i have stayed in many hotels in the Wanchai , Central , Causeway Bay , Happy Valley area over the years and I would say that overall the Cosmopoliton offers the best value hotel in the area. I have around 5 hotels that I stay in and scout the prices of each when booking a trip and usually book the cheapest. Having said that , since staying at the Cosmopoliton this is now my 1st choice as long as its no more than HK $ 200 more than my other regulars .

my wife and I stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 2 nights in January on the way back from Australia. To say we were disappointed with Hong Kong and the hotel is a bit of an understatement .

first trip to Hong Kong , booked hotel last minute on day of travel , by calling the hotel directly. The lady who answered the overseas call was competent and very helpful. Gave us excellent directions to hotel from airport by train , then hotel shuttle. No problems whatsoever .

we stayed there for 4 nights back in July 08 - the staffs were excellent , the room was spacious. Excellent location , minutes away from causeway bay mall &amp ; train station .

for my first trip to Hongkong with my mother , i chose Cosmopolitan Hotel in Wan Chai. I was so happy that i made the right choice ! The hotel 's staff did not disappoint in extending accurate , fast and friendly service during our stay. They attended to our every need .

booked this at the last minute when our plans to go to Thailand fell through , and it is EXACTLY as it looks on the website. Clean , tidy , functional. The restaurant is fantastic - big picture windows looking up to Times Square. Huge breakfast buffet with everything you did n't even know you wanted for breakfast !

we stayed here for 3 nights and while the rooms were smaller than we were used to it was actually a wonderful stay. The hotel has a great buffett breakfast and provides free shuttles into Times Square etc. Rooms are well airconditioned and the hotel staff were lovely. Internet is available in the foyer in the business centre. The gym - well its got 2 machines and some weights but its basically 2 hotel rooms put together. A local family friend told us that it used to be the 'unofficial ' Chinese consulate when Hong Kong was under British rule so the building is generally well looked after. Its right over the road from the tram which we highly recommend - it only costs $ 2 HKD and takes you most central places. Make sure you ask for a Causeway Bay view which is the view of the suburb not the actual Bay ! though because other reviews I read said that if you do n't , you may end up facing the cemetary which is behind the hotel ! I was a bit concerned about booking here after reading some reviews but honestly do n't be. The Hong Kong standard of customer care in hotels is generally pretty high , which means the hotel staff are keen to look after you .

hotel is not in the best convenient location but shops are a 5-10 min stroll away. Causeway Bay MTR is around 15 mins away however the closest entrance is the Time Sq entrance which requires another couple of minute walk to reach the platform. Not a real issue as the hotel provides a complimentary shuttle from hotel to time square , admiralty , central around 15 mins interval however the shuttle service finishes quite early around 9 : 30pm last pick up from time square to hotel . Usually , the night life in HK extends beyond this hour and I usually take a taxi back to the hotel from Time square costing roughly HKD $ 18... the walk is not too bad but I caught the taxi as there is a underpass which is quite quiet at night time which I wanted to avoid the morning is OK .

excellent staff and nice rooms .

its a few years since I stayed here but remember this for being a fantastic hotel. It had just been constructed when we booked which was a bit of a risk however I 'm glad we did. Lovely hotel , very plush and great value for money. Good location too. We stayed in a few hotels on this trip and this was by far the best - can still remember the rooms being one of the nicest I have stayed in. One of my friends has since stayed in the hotel again and they were still as impressed as the first visit .

checked into the Hotel cosmopolitan after a stay at the Marriot Courtyard. That was unfortunate as the Marriott is a brand new hotel , so comparisons would be unfair .

the Cosmpolitan is a well located , above average hotel. Rooms are clean , spacious , comfortable and well equipped. Reception and conceirge staff were helpful and courteous. our room attendant was effecient , friendly and very accommodating with our late checkout. We enjoyed a Chinese-style lunch in the restaurant , which we can highly recommend .

four friends stayed here for 7 nights. The hotel was offering a 15 % discount for stays greater than four nights - making this the best value for staying on HK island. We wanted to avoid trekking from Kowloon daily and did n't want to pay for the price of the hotel s in Central. We sometimes confess to being hotel snobs and found this hotel to more than meet our expectations. The room was spacious for a city this size - we had an amazing view of Happy Valley and the skyscrapers of Causeway Bay. The complimentary water came in very handy - and the trek to the MTR at Times Square averaged about 9-10 mintues. It was easy enough and with taxis being so affordable here - it must made sense to return to hotel by taxi. It is so centrally located that when traveling by car to either Kowloon , the airport or Aberdeen - it was a short taxi ride. The amenities in the room were great and the service was excellent. I loved the fact the A/C was strong. If you do n't mind walking a bit is n't that part of traveling in a new city ? you will find this a gem of a hotel !

i liked the Cosmopolitan once I was inside it. Well appointed rooms , comfy bed , decent shampoo &amp ; conditioner , 2 litres of bottled water per day , free wi-fi in the lobby , nice staff. The only think I do n't like about the hotel is the location. It is a solid 15 minute walk to the Causeway Bay MTR platform and I walk fast . There is an MTR entrance at Times Square that is a 10 minute walk from the hotel but then it 's another 5 minute trek underground to the platform. There 's also nothing immediately around the hotel in terms of convenience stores or restaurants which I found annoying. Not bad if you 're being shepherded around HK in a car or do n't mind taking taxis everywhere. Otherwise think hard about logistics if staying here. Too bad b/c I really like the hotel and found it to be good value in every other aspect except location .

this hotel is situated next to the cemetery across the road from HK 's Happy Valley Racetrack. It 's clean and comfortable and the staff are freindly and helpful. The rooms themselves are ok for the price I guess , but the other amenities are not that great. The restaurant looks dowdy and in need of a makeover whilst the so-called 3T bar is a joke .

it was a special time for us all. We were there to celebrate the 25th wedding anniversary of our parents , our 5th wedding anniversary and most importantly of course the wedding celebration of my little brother. We read about hotels on the internet and we discovered that Cosmopolitan Hotel was given wave reviews and highly rated. However , we decided to choose Cosmopolitan Hotel basically because of its great central location .

hi i have stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in HK on several occasions over the past year and i have always found the experience to be very pleasurable .

hello,

i researched about 20 hotels in HK before I picked the Cosmopolitan and it turned out to be the right choice. I was there during the olympics and the place was buzzing with Americans , French and many other nationalities. It is well situated and the hotel transfer bus was fantastic. It is only 4 subway stops to the central area and there are busses , trams and taxis - it 's so easy to get around HK. The staff were very friendly and polite in a genuine way - and they all seemed to work together cohesively. I will stay there again next time and feel that it 's a good base to explore this fantastic city. I would recommend this for first time travelers to HK and those staying longer periods. Overall - a very good and safe choice .

first of All ,its a 4 star hotel , i stayed during fair time , the lobby is very small ! maybee 3-4 chairs only ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the business center is in lobby ,2 computers only ! u need to wait hours and hours and the A/C is very strong in the lobby and specially in business center.staff can not understand english and the hotel rooms are very average.its close to central area and shopping district but i do not recommend because i couldnt sleep well cz of the noise , u can hear everything spoken in the next room .room service was not bad but overcharged.be aware of the poor lobby service ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! please stay intercontinental hotel and kowloon area much more interesting area !

we stayed at this hotel and found the rooms to be great - clean , well maintained and with a great view. However , if you want a view of the Happy Valley Racecourse that is right next door , you will need to ask for an upgrade at reception. On the other side of the hotel is a grave yard. If you are on a high floor , the grave yard makes for quite a good view .

super stay...excellent value for Hong Kong. I had a very clean room , new furniture and fittings with a great view of the Happy Valley Race course. The staff are friendly and helpful and its a 10 minute walk to either Wancai or Causeway Bay metro stops. If you seek views of the harbour , this isnt for you , but for convenience , price and cleanliness , its hard to beat in Hong Kong. Added bonus : I wandered into the Catholic and Muslim cemetaries behind the hotel....what a great history lesson in HKG. Well worth a stroll in what must be one of the last large green spaces in the central city. I 'll definetly stay here on my next trip to Hong Kong .

i didnt know what to expect after reading mixed reviews but the hotel was great. The room we had which was a standard room was a very reasonable size not small as mentioned in other reviews. The room did overlook a cemetary but there was more to see than just that so we were not particulary bothered !

we got a good deal on this hotel online and stayed there for 5 days .

nice hotel , clean and tidy rooms , and the location is good too , near times square and happy valley .

cosmopolitan Hotel is one of the best hotels I have ever lived in Hong Kong. Ideal location in Wan Chai because Happy Valley is just on the opposite side of the street. The Hotel sitting next to the former &quot ; Xin Hua News Agent Building&quot ; . The receptionists are very friendly and efficient when help people to arrange check-in ; Room Attendant Ah Yee are polite , very thoughtful and can manage room so well even make you feel that you are living at home !

as a single traveller on budget but going to Hong Kong for a short conference on my own , this hotel is value for money. Perhaps for a single traveller , the room I was given , was a room for the disabled. Hence the room size was much bigger think of wheelchairs rolling around . So the bathroon is big enough for a wheel chair to be in it .

just got back from the Cosmopolitan and would recommend anyone staying here. We had booked for 7 nights excluding 1 night in Maccau so were able to experience the hotel to its fullest. Wi-Fi in the lobby was free or you could use the 2 pc 's connected to the internet for a fee .

after reading varying reviews there is always a little concern that you have booked the &quot ; right&quot ; hotel .

myself and my partner stayed at this hotel for a week , and when we booked the hotel through expedia we didnt know where the location of it was as we hadnt been to hong kong before , when we arrived the hotel was excellant only been built since 2004 , the lobby was full of mable and the doormen were really attentive , we choose a deluxe room and the standard was high , the hotel was right across the road from the happy valley race course , taxis are cheap in hong kong so getting around was easy and the place felt safe , i would definately recommend this hotel

this is the nicest hotel i 've stayed in - i usually stay in hotels that are rated 2-3stars and i think the total charge was ¬ £ 350 for 8 days

the Cosmopolitan was recommended to us by a friend who grew up in Hong Kong and felt that it was a good central point for us to see Hong Kong in 3 days .

didnt expect much from the Cosmopolitan , but was plesantly surprised with the hotel. I think its a 3.5 star property and the service was efficient and quick. I typically ask for something from housekeeping and see how long it takes and in both occassions , I got what I wanted within 5 minutes !

speedy and effecient check in. Excellent rooms , kingsize comfortable beds and superb bathrooms. Plenty of complementary toilettries , water , tea and coffee facilities. Stayed on the 22nd floor , amazing views over the race course. Hotel was spotless , buffet breakfast with wide variety of Chinese and European foods was delicious and the restaurant staff were very helpful with menu choices for dinner. Great location for all the sites .

we had booked a standard room at the hotel and were disappointed from the moment we walked into the hotel. The first thing we were asked is would we like to upgrade to a larger superior room which included breakfast , had a view and from reading other reviews , lots of extras. Our room was basic and tiny with frosted windows found out later they overlooked the graveyard , it felt like a prison cell. After one night we asked for a room with a view and were moved to a corner room with a view of the graveyard which was no problem. Breakfast was expensive so we opted for the local spots which worked well. The air conditioning was extremely noisy , there was no bar apart from two stools and a cubbyhole in the reception area or lounge or any other facilities that we could see for relaxation. The location was not too bad within easy walking distance of Times Square and the MTR , but it was frustrating that nothing opened up until 11.00 a.m. After 12 hours of walking around Hong Kong we would have appreciated at least a chair to sit in. Obviously it pays to take the upgrade .

first of all , I would recommend upgrading to a deluxe view room. It 's well worth the extra fee. As other reviewers have said , some rooms face the cemetary behind the hotel though you ca n't see it from your room because the windows are frosted , which may be disconcerting for some. We were initially booked in a standard room , but quickly upgraded to the deluxe view room which faced the Happy Valley Racecourse FYI- you can clearly see the horse races held every Wednesday evening from your room . The hotel staff was very friendly and the rooms very clean. Location-wise , it is a bit away from the action , but the hotel does provide regular shuttle bus services to the more prominent business/tourist sites , like Causeway Bay and the Convention Centre. There are also buses and trams located right outside the hotel. The closest subway station is about an 8-minute walk , but the shuttle bus can take you there in 5mins. My experience was overall positive , and I would definitely stay again .

in January 2008 my mum 81 and I stayed for five days at the Cosmopolitan Hotel in Wah Chai , Hong Kong. Having just come from Bangkok we found the room smaller then the Thai hotel rooms but I believe this is the norm in Hong Kong. We had plenty of space and the room was clean and attractive with all facilities working just fine .

had a great stay in this hotel... We booked a De Luxe Room but got a free upgrade to their OSIM Suite !

booked a Deluxe room through a travel website for 170 $ /night. looked like a very average/standard room. We were facing the street and I figured out that cheaper room did not have less amenities , they faced a cemetery ! If you do n't mind sleeping close to tombs the cemetery is quite close and is on the slope of a hill , so you 'll be facing tombs directly , go for a standard room .

if you have booked it already , do not worry , it will probably not be the best or worst hotel you should ever see .

i stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 6 nights beginning December 28 , 2007 with my husband and 20 year old son. We had a suite on the 8th floor overlooking the street and Race track. It was quiet , no street noise. The room was nice , well appointed , 2 plasma TV 's , the bathroom was a little on the small side and came with a tub and a separate very small shower but it was very clean and newer fixtures. The bed was comfortable. The rollaway that was brought in for my son was nice quality and very comfortable mattress. Hotel staff was very nice and accomodating. They provided a shuttle service to and from Times Square Shopping Ctr and MTR stop and also to Admiralty for airport metro link. Lobby was small , not ig enough to sit down and wait or have a drink. I think they offered free Wi-Fi. Breakfast was included with our room. I would rate it above average. They had a nice combination of Western and Chinese food. Good Congee !

stayed here 23rd Dec. 2007 to 1st Jan. 2008 .

this hotel was average. It was nothing spectacular about the hotel. It was not close to anything important. But one thing many find interesting is in the old China news agency building. The hotel staff were average. Wireless could be used from the lobby for free .

i stayed in this hotel for 3 nights with my husband and my 2 year-old daughter. We were with our other friends total 12 of us . We were happy to stay in this hotel .

this hotel is a solid 3 stars hotel located near the hyppodrome in HK island. It 's convenient if you want to stay in HK island but ca n't afford to pay for the Ritz-Cartlon or the Conrad .

my wife and I stayed 1 night at the Cosmopolitan on our return trip from Malaysia to the UK. A great benefit of the hotel is the

the hotel is located in the Happy Valley area on Hong Kong island , directly opposite the Jockey Club and 5 minutes walk from Times Square. I found Hong Kong to be a difficult place to walk around so I would recommend catching taxis - they 're really cheap and easy to flag down... the trick to get them from the hotel is to walk up the hill and cross over the road... otherwise , you will struggle ! Dont rely on the concierge to flag them down for you at all - I waited nearly 20 minutes the first time I tried !

the Cosomoplitan Hotel was picked on price through Expedia. I should have checked its location as it was a 15 minute walk to the nearest metro. The hotel itself was OK , and was value for money .

we stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 6 consecutive nights last week .

the hotel is small but clean , the room we had was an upgrade to a racecourse view. The beds were hard but that is apparently normal in HongKong hotels. There is no actual bar or coffee shop in the hotel or anywhere near , You can buy coffee from next tothe front desk but you have to sit in the lobby to drink it ! The tram stop is straight outside the front door which is very convienient. The hotel shuttle bus came in handy for short trips to Times Square and to the Star Ferry terminal .

i stayed for five nights and was pretty happy with the hotel and the service. The rooms were small but so are most hotels in hong kong. Everything was clean and tidy and the staff were helpful .

my wife and I stayed here in mid June. We had read opinions saying it was &quot ; out of the way&quot ; .I can say that that is rubbish. There is a hotel bus direct to Times Square FIVE MINUTES depending on traffic and from there the Metro will whoosh you round the city. The staff in this hotel need to be singled out. Without exception they were helpful,cheery,and great scources of local knowledge.The Maitre D ' in the restaurant was an absolute gem !

i stayed at The Cosmopolitan in mid-June 2007. It 's in a great location for Causeway Bay , with a tram stop just outside , Happy Valley Racecourse across the road , 5 mins walk to Times Square and plenty of taxis wherever you turn. Our room was lovely - huge , comfortable bed and a view of the Racecourse. Would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again .

i stayed at this hotel with my husband on the &quot ; 10 year anniversary hk handover weekend&quot ; . The hotel I usually stay in , the Rosedale on the Park was fully booked and with the weekend being crowded with tourists , we couldnt find anything in the same price range. The hotel is definitely a budget hotel. The location was OK since we speak Chinese and can get around the city no problem , but most of the hotel rooms face a cemetary in the back. Kind of creepy but if any consolation it is very quiet at night. The clearning crew did not expect tips so when we left a 20 HKD tip the next morning we get lots of bottled water and fruit baskets. The hotel is overall clean but the bed is just hard like a rock. THe shower was powerful but there was no stall , just a shower curtain. The standard room is very very small but if you are on a budget trip this would be a suitable hotel. My husband however , vowed to stay at a 5 star next time .

a very nice hotel. I believe you need to have a deluxe room if you expect the size of room to be european sizes , we did and found it superb. Hotel staff were numerous and very friendly , always willing to give assistance. A perfect location to ride the tram. Be brave step out the hotel cross to the middle of the roadway and wait at the tram stop. They arrive every 5 mins and cost 2 $ HK for any trip.... Make sure you have the change though. We tried the hotel breakfast which is in a nice setting , again great service. OK the &quot ; english breakfast&quot ; is not excactly as you would have a home but they try. Good thing is you have you eggs cooked as you order from a guy who cooks them in front of you. We used the hotel mini bus to go shopping once but after then it was generally taxis also very cheap or bus air con 'd or open air rickety old tram to get around. If you book with the hotel direct they will order a car to collect you from the airport. It 's a little bit more than a cab or train but not if there are 3/4 of you and it is a nice comfy Merc. You can also be met as you come through customs , useful after a long flight. All in all , HK was a great experience and this hotel was a great place as a base. The hotel reception have cards with the hotel name on , they are useful to give taxi drivers but most of the taxi drivers understood if I said happy valley or made stupid impressions of a jockey riding a horse ! ! . Yep I 'd recommend this hotel .

fyi , I used to live on the Mainland but commuted every WE to HK so I know the place a little. I recently came back for a 10-night holiday .

we stayed 3 nights in May /07 and got this hotel through Priceline. We were satisfied with the price at $ 80 US per night. However , we requested a non smoking room on a upper floor , there was non available so they put us in a smoking room with frosted windows This room was small and not having a window to look out felt a bit cloister phobic for us .

we stayed at this property as part of a flight package deal. It was an expensive package and we were expecting a 4 star hotel as advertised . The room was really old and smelled terrible and fixtures and fittings in need of refurbishment. Restaurant was quite nice , although we did only have one breakfast there. Within walking distance of Times Square and convenient for shopping and public transport. Efficient reception staff. I think there would be better deals out there for the money !

i was in Hong Kong for the first time on a business trip. This place is a very nice place to stay . They have nice rooms with City View .

my husband and I spent three weeks in Australia and either side of the trip spent 24 hours in Hong Kong. We stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel on our way back to the UK .

we stayed at this hotel for 5 nights , as part of a Cathay Pacific Hong Kong package. At checkin we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a larger room with a view , which we did. The room was perfect and the view was indeed amazing race course view .

moved into Cosmopolitan to accommodate arrival of my husband and four year old son , joining me and my 5 month old daughter. After spending 3 nights alone at the Four Seasons , the Cosmopolitan was a comedown , but its charms grew on me .

here goes my not-so-good experience with this hotel and I try to save as many of you as I can from the same : Due to a trade fair and great numbers of weekend visitors from Mainland China , when I arrived to HK airport and checked the hotel reservation desk , they could only offer very few hotels with 1 night availability , and Cosmopolitan was the one with 2 nights available which is a sign already , right ? . Well , at least I 'd heard the name before and knew roughly where it was , so why not book it. More than 200 USD per night plus all the fees and taxes was a lot but I hoped for some great value. Well , it was n't to happen this time .

many things , that combined to not so good experience at the hotel .

just got back from a lovely stay at the Cosmopolitan for 3 days and two nights. When we first arrived , the staff put us in a room with two twin beds but we insisted on a room with one double bed we were celebrating our anniversary ! The front desk said no more deluxe rooms with double beds were available but after speaking to the manager we managed to get a room with a double bed. This seemed a bit odd that after saying there were no rooms available , suddenly one pops up , but we got what we wanted and the hotel staff was very helpful otherwise .

we booked through Expedia who were offering a &quot ; superior&quot ; room for the price of a &quot ; standard&quot ; so we thought we were getting a bargain.....however , after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor , we quickly changed our booking and upgraded to a Deluxe room. The reason for this , is that ALL standard and superior rooms in the hotel face onto an extremely large cemetery. I believe that the room windows are frosted out. We are glad we upgraded extra ¬ £ 10 per night as we had an ok view of the Hong Kong city skyline with floor length window . The hotel itself was very clean , and the room was spacious and had everything we needed although drawer space for clothes was limited . As other travellers have said , there is a 10 min walk to the MTR , which was n't a problem for us , but towards the end of the holiday , we made use of the shuttle bus. Staff were friendly and helpful and I would recommend this hotel as long as it is a deluxe room you get ! ! We had no problems while staying at the hotel. When you arrive at hotel , you will find that the roads are difficult to cross...use the pedestrian subway at the door of hotel.. .

if this is your first trip to Hong Kong.....the Cosmopolitan Hotel probably is n't for you. because of its slightly-out-of-the-way location .

location                                                                                 . The hotel is FAR from the MTR station. But this weakness becomes an asset because they have a shuttle that brings you right to TimeSquare where you can get to the MTR in no time. I think this is a better deal than getting a hotel &quot ; near&quot ; the MTR where you 'd have to walk 5-10 mins , with this hotel , you do n't have to walk , just step on and off the shuttle .

we are halfway through a weeks stay here and are so impressed we wanted to write a review now ! The location is not an issue for us - ten minutes to Times Square , where there is a Metro station and a huge shopping mall .

this place had excellent service , everyone spoke English including housekeeping. The location was good for us because it was a 5 min walk from HK Times Sqaure and also near the home of my boyfriend 's Aunt in Causeway bay. It was very close to above ground public transportation. Subway was about a 5min walk , maybe 10 min depending on your walking speed. Shuttle will take you right there though. We had a room with a view. It was more money. Their shuttle service is good and the tour desk was helpful. All of the tours will sell you plates with your photo on it. Its hard to refuse , so I am warning you ahead of time to bring extra HK dollars. Food in the restaurant in the hotel was below average and overpriced. Do n't bother with it. The Thai restaurant in the food emporium is awesome and priced very well. My only real complaint about the room was that the bed was hard .

we had a room overlooking the cemetary. The window was of course frosted but this was not a problem to us. We went to hong kong to see the city not to stay in a hotel room all day. The room was a little small , no bath but a good walk in shower. The bed however was very very hard , boardering on the uncomfortable. My wife didnt find it too bad but me.... .

complaint 1 : No bath tub in Standard Room

we stayed for 3 nights in a 'Delux ' room in mid December and both thought it was a decent little hotel. Having never been to HK before , I found the location to be very central and just a few minutes walk to the trams the best way to get around HK island !

although this hotel is a little out of the city centre it was a pleasure to stay there. We stayed in a superior room which was larger than the average hotel room and was very modern , there was also a free minibus service into the city centre and directly to the city centre station which has a check in desk for most airlines so you can check on the morning of your flight , leave your suitcases and enjoy the rest of you day before flying home ! I would recommend this hotel to anyone who does n't mind staying out of the city centre .

have stayed at the Cosmopolitan a few times now on business and once with my family. Service is average at best. Rooms are small which is typical in HK. The location is good next to Happy Valley race track and on a bus line. It 's about four blocks to Times Square and the Causeway Bay MTR stop. The price is very good with our corporate membership arranged directly with the hotel. No exercise facilities. The restaraunt is very bad and expensive .

stayed in HK for 6 days. not in this hotel but decided to write a review for travellers in case if it matters whether the hotel is near a cemetary and hospital , particularly for chinese .

i stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 2 nights at New Year and found it very good value for money. Do n't get me wrong , it 's not five star , but the rooms were spotlessly clean , nicely decorated and well equipped. The room was bigger than expected having lived in HK for 4 years , I am conscious that hotels rooms are often v pokey and had a great racecourse view .

had deluxe room with course view - ended up top floor 25flrs with clear views out over racecourse - v. nice if races on !

i recently stayed at the Cosmopolitan hotel in Hong Kong. We went for the deluxe room , and I 'd say they are definately worth the extra. The room was new , clean , fairly roomy for Hong Kong , and had a decent view. The complimentary breakfasts were very good and had everything you wanted , and best of all ran until 10 : 30am for those of us who are n't very good at mornings ! The hotel is n't particularly central , but it 's only a 10 min walk to Times Square , where you 'll find loads and loads of shops , as well as an MTR subway station Causeway Bay Station that will wisk you all over the city. Overall a good hotel at a reasonable price .

this is a very nice and very hip Hong Kong hotel. It is in easy walking distance of the Times Square area and I found it was very enjoyable at most levels. Room size was also good for Hong Kong in the executive room we stayed in. However the beads are so hard that it just makes sleeping in the hotel painful. We talked with the front desk but all mattresses in the hotel are the same. They fitted a mattress cover over the top to provide some comfort , but it really made very little difference. I ‚ Ä ô ve stayed in hotels all over the world and never had a bed anything like this hard before. My wife was actually waking up with a stiff back. I can ‚ Ä ô t understand how an otherwise great hotel could have such obviously uncomfortable mattresses. Anyway , this was a major disappointment for us .

i 've just read one review which says he or she had to straddle the sink to use the toilet. They must be very tall and flexible to achieve that , as I 've just checked and seems a physical impossibility !

booked this hotel through priceline. Upon arrival was given a room with a &quot ; frosted&quot ; window. This was a lesuire trip with my girlfriend and the room was a not a place you wanted to spend any time besides sleeping .

this hotel has excellent service , and rooms are spotlessly clean. Housekeeping does an excellent job. Shower is a bit small. Has a unique pillow menu service that I think everybody should try out .

in a full booked hotel sometimes you are unlucky and the room is not available when you arrive. We had bad luck. Our room was still occupied , and we had to wait 2 hrs. We had a 12 hrs flight , when we arrived. But we were well informed by a nice receptionist. The area is a good area to stay , that means we went for a coffee and some shopping. Waiting was not that bad .

stayed here on October 26th and 27th .

