i do very much enjoy my 4 night stay at the Courtyard. If you 're thinking about whether or not to stay at this hotel because of its location , here are some tips that may help you make a decision :

i 've visited Hong Kong nearly 10 times , and for the under US $ 100 range , this is one of the nicest hotels I 've stayed in .

i will definitely go back to this hotel over and over again. Location wise , I really liked it. It 's very near to the tram station. You just have to cross the street and you 're there. There 's a convenience store nearby where you can buy water and snacks. There are also a chain of restaurants which is just 5 to 10 minutes if you go walking .

the title states that the location is a drawback but it can also be a plus as well. For those who want to be in the middle of the action then staying closer to Central , Wanchai , TST would be more convenient. For those who would rather stay with the &quot ; locals&quot ; then this location is perfect. There is a less &quot ; touristy&quot ; feel but the hustle and bustle is still there ; it 's just more of the local people going to school , work , shopping , etc. That 's the only potential negative I can see to this place .

stayed four nights while visiting Hong Kong as a tourist. The hotel is very beautiful but very narrow so a small lobby and floors with just 5 or 6 rooms but 32 floors in height. The rooms are as described elsewhere and do include bathrobe and slippers. Hotel service is top shelf. On reentering the hotel there is almost always someone at the front door to open it for you and say &quot ; welcome back&quot ; . The free shuttle service is a real plus .

without a doubt , as the previous reviews all say , the service from the hotel staff was exceptional , the rooms clean and spacious and complimentary shuttle bus service available one way only .

the Courtyard by Marriot was just perfect for our needs since we were going to be spending most of our time on HK Island and it was close to the Macau ferry terminal. We actully liked the location in an â € ˜ old â € ™ Hong Kong kind of area. The Tram was just around the corner and we used it a lot. They also had a shuttle service in the morning to the ferry piers and IFC mall etc .

if you are travelling with young kids , just be careful because rooms are not very spacious. Location wise , they are right at the end , with no subway station near by. Taxis are the only resort apart from their shuttle service but it only goes one way. Staff was very friendly &amp ; knowledgeable. Breakfast buffet was a rip-off considering its Marriott. Very limited options .

third visit to this nice hotel. Good value , nice room , and modern bathroom.Wireless internet .

hi everyone , as a reguar traveller to Hong Kong this hotel came up as a great deal and now I know why. Spent 3 nights here in Oct 09. It is a new modern hotel with very small but well fitted out rooms. The big problem is the hotel is in a poor area or Hong Kong , no bars , no restaurants - even the hotel does n't have a bar. The buldings surrounding it are like a shanty town. Its functional , clean , with a small footprint - thus 30 floors-. The breakfast was good but the hotel has no soul. Its cheap and miles from anywhere. If you are a regular to HK then fine , but as a new traveller dont stay here as you will be very disapponted and the area wil give you a less then favourable impression of HK. Get the best deal you can in Kowloon or Central where there is much more life. I hope i have been fair ?

after a long 10 days in China spent 2 nights at the Courtyard Hong Kong and was very pleased. At first I was put on the 8th floor without much of a view but then was upgraded to the 23rd floor with a wonderful harbor view. Rooms while small by US standards was comfortable and had all the amenities you need. Though internet is not free which is not right. The gym was nice and not that crowded and the restaurant seemed okay though I did not eat there. I would say the only drawback is the distance from the MTR. As most have written its about a 15 minute walk or a 5 minute tram ride , and the trams are spotty. Aside from this it is a top not spot .

probably would not recommend this hotel for &quot ; first time&quot ; Hong Kong visitors , since it is not located in either of the heavily-favored tourist areaa of Kowloon or Hong Kong Island. However , since we have been to Hong Kong numerous times , we actually preferred this new hotel &amp ; its location. The wonderful Hong Kong Trolley route is only 1/2 block from the entrance , which means you can go all over downtown Hong Kond for only 2 HK Dollars about 25 US cents . We enjoyed riding to the very end of the line in Kennedy Town , where we found several nice local bars &amp ; a couple of very pleasant restaurants 1 seafood &amp ; 1 Italian , all right on the water. The area immediately around the hotel is &quot ; real&quot ; Hong Kong , filled with local restaurants , shops , etc. However , the nearest McDonald 's is only 5 blocks if that is of interest , &amp ; it only takes 5-10 minutes on the trolley to be directly in the downtown CBD. There is a great laundry only 1 block to the left when you exit the hotel , where you can get 3 pounds of laundry washed &amp ; folded &amp ; redelivered to the hotel in 6 hours , for only 25 HKD $ 3 USD . Beats paying the inflated prices at the hotel. Our only complaint was that even though this is a Marriott Courtyard hotel , the owner seems to think it is a Marriott Renaissance &amp ; charges those prices. $ 28 USD per hour to use the hotel internet , with similar high prices for other hotel items.However , there is a great internet cafe only 3 blocks from the hotel , right on the trolley line to Kennedy Town , where it is only $ 1 USD for 1 hour &amp ; the connection is great. Overall , we would choose this hotel again without pause. Another plus is that from Hong Kong Airport you can go to the lower level &amp ; take bus route A-12. For 45 HKD the bus runs directly to Hong Kong Island , &amp ; the 5th stop Water Street is &quot ; directly&quot ; across the street from the hotel. And the stops are flashed , in English , on a computerized screen at the front of the bus , as well as announced in English. Quick , easy &amp ; cheap way to get from the airport to the hotel .

the hotel is new , really modern and clean and the staff was very helpful. Especially the concierge named jimmy. The room while not large was perfect for a couple. It was also very reasonably priced at about $ 150 US per/night on average. The hotel room view of the harbor from the 27th floor was great. Definitely pay the extra amount for a harbor view and a higher floor. We did n't get an executive floor. The only slight negative is that it took about 20 minutes tor so to walk to the nearest MTR station at sheung wan in the summer heat and humidity. Not a big problem since other transit like the tram , bus and taxi 's are cheap and easy. You also need to pay for the hotel shuttle to and from the airport , about $ 18 US per person each way .

we went to Hong Kong from Singapore for a long week-end. We ` ve decided to book the Courtyard as this seemed to be an affordable hotel with nice rooms. We were right. The rooms were a little small for a family of 4 1 and 3 yrs old , but the view was nice and was the room. The bathroom was our ` coup de coeur ` with the glass wall with blinds should you need intimacy .

at the time we went to this hotel , it had a &quot ; buy 2 nights , get the 3rd free&quot ; promotion so this makes the value assessment &quot ; very good&quot ; whereas we found many other aspects of the hotel just &quot ; good.&quot ;

really was a great value and excellent service. My only gripes... $ 12 per day for internet service , and the breakfast buffet was US priced at $ 20/person. Coffee $ 5/cup. After traveling for 2 months in China and enjoying free internet and free breakfast at even the most inexpensive hotels , I did not appreciate their overcharging for services. With that said , everything else was clean , modern , and they have a great concierge. Location is a bit away from the Central area , so we had to taxi it a bit. If I were to do again , I would stay at a lesser hotel more in the Central district with free internet .

this is an excellent hotel with outstanding service. The quality of the service and staff is well above most 4 star hotels. The hotel and hotel furnishings are new. You can connect your computer to the television from the desk in the room. The hotel is less than a 5 minute walk from the tram and major bus lines. Express buses to the airport stop directly across the street from the hotel .

we stayed here on our 1st night out of our 7 nights trip we stayed at several hotels including Grand Hyatt , Langham Place Mongkok , Island Shangri-la and Venetial Macau . I must say this is a very new hotel near the HK Macau ferry terminal. However the taxi drivers are not very sure where this hotel is exactly located .

a really nice hote. Yes the location is not on the waterfront next to all the big hotels but this is the reason it is so cheap. We paid travel rate of HKD 381.00 a night. The rooms are very clean and new , great TV and bathroow. The service is very good and the location is not that bad. You can catch the tram , HKD2 and in 10 mins you will be in central. We liked the location as it is very authentic with all the fish shops. There is a great place for the loundry outside the hotel ,just turn left from the entrance , cross the traffic lights and is on the right side after Ramada. There is a nice bakery next to the hotel. For the price paid it is amazing quality and value .

the rooms are decent size for HK , and everything is new , even if incredibly modular and non-permanent looking. Beds are comfortable , and the plumbing works as it 's supposed to. The hotel staff was very helpful and attentive , with much arm-waving when we walked up , and rushing to call the elevator. The relatively low price for accomodations here is largely due to the fact that you have to travel quite a distance to catch the MTR , and the local neighborhood is authentic Hong Kong rather that tourist nouveau like most of the other hotels in town. If you like to wander down &quot ; Dried Seafood Market&quot ; street and we do , to a point you 'll find a stay here to be relaxing and HK-authentic. If you want to be seconds away from shopping , restaurants and nightlife , look elsewhere .

the service from everyone was superb front desk , concierge , housekeeping . Even though the location is a little awkward , the HK $ 2 $ .33 CAD tram is like 20 meters away and gets you close to anywhere you want to be ... plus their efficient morning shuttle service is good. The rooms , while small , are well appointed with all the modern amenities like excellent rain head in the shower , large flat TV , bottled water , push button blinds , free room safe , and so on. The only real disappointment was the pay internet which surprised me since Courtyard brand advertises free internet. The executive lounge provided excellent breakfast with eggs cooked to order and the evening cocktails offered great Chilean Carminiere wine. Also 15 min. free internet access if you have access to executive lounge. As mentioned by others , the harbour view was excellent of Kowloon but not central . A great hotel choice .

i am usually not a big city fan when it comes to leisure travel , especially in Asia , but this Hong Kong trip happened to be an exception. I wanted to chose a good and affordable hotel that gives you great views along with being a little secluded from the city. The Courtyard was an obvious choice , and upon request I was promptly upgraded to a high floor so that I could keep stating at the ocean at will. It was in a quiet corner off the city , in fact at times a little too quiet and seemed somewhat disconnected as well. But in reality , Central , and Kan Kwai Fong are a very short taxi ride away , and it was pretty convineient overall. The only problem is probably that it is not walking distance from the MTR. In spite of being a budget hotel , the place had a decent club lounge and fitness center that I liked. Also , the rooms were well equipped and very comfortable. The service was prompt , and they did everything possible to make the stay enjoyable and comfortable. The hotel does not have a lot of other facilities to offer , so unless you are a business traveller with a tightish budget , or a leisure traveller who wants to be almost in the city but in a quieter place , I might advise you to look at other options as well .

i first arrived in Hong Kong in 1981. Lived there for many years and for the past 5 years drop back into what I regard my home from my present residency in Shanghai using hotels . Admittedly they are leisure trips some business reviewers have pointed out the location is not desirable for quick access to Central but taking a tram is one of the many things &quot ; exciting&quot ; that Hong Kong offers. We are not talking 5 star prices but the &quot ; basic&quot ; room we got was superb. Clean , functional and provided everything we wanted. All staff , without exception , were extremely courteous without being over powering. There was no hanging around for tips , a thing which I do not like. On this occassion I did tip more than once which is something of a record. Located in Western District it maybe a little away from the business district but local &quot ; real Hong Kong&quot ; restaurants were in abundance. My wife is Shanghainese and proud of her cuisine but she ate so much a diet is now enforced. I started my worldly travels in 1975 and have only made one hotel review.... Courtyard by Marriot Hong Kong. Would I recommend to a friend ? ... a resounding YES

we took the metro to the Sheung Wan metro station and got a cab to the Courtyard. The driver did not know where it was but called a friend and got directions. The hotel has a shuttle to the station , but not round trip. Check-in at the Courtyard was a breeze. The front desk provided efficient and courteous service. Our room was on points and they upgraded us to the 20th floor â € “ room 2006 with a harbor view. They also gave us executive lounge privileges cocktails between 6 and 8 , free breakfast , 15 minutes free internet and printing , all day soft drinks and coffee and tea .

i really highly recommend this hotel. It may not be in one of the main hotel areas but it 's a 10 minute tram ride or 15 minute walk to Central through a bit of real Hong Kong - and the tram is only HK $ 2 around 18p ! . The hotel is modern , with very friendly staff and if you are a Marriott Rewards customer has an excellent Executive Lounge. I was travelling on my own and felt safe and relaxed .

we loved staying here. The staff were great and helpful. The rooms were very clean and stylish. We have stayed in both standard and harbour view rooms. The difference between them is the size is a little larger in the harbour view room and obviously the view of the harbour which really is a pretty cool sight to see. Other than that they had the same features. We got room service and ate in the restaurant and the food was yum and reasonably priced although there are also many local eating places which we found to be great and mostly ate at them. The location isnt bad. There is always taxi 's out the front and in the off chance there wasnt one staff would go get one for you , otherwise there is a tram stop right next door or hotel shuttle. The other thing we liked about the area being 'local ' was that it was cheaper than the tourist areas and felt authentic and also safe. The food was cheaper , there are fruit stands everywhere yummy dragonfruit , you must try it and there are shops with all sorts of stuff to buy as sourvenirs but without the tourist price tag attached to them. We loved walking the streets and getting a real feel of Hong Kong and felt safe at all hours of the day and night doing so .

i â € ™ m really glad I found this hotel as it â € ™ s pretty difficult if you â € ™ re just passing through HK and want to find a decent clean room which isn â € ™ t the size of a shoebox and is relatively central .

my wife and I just finished up a 3 day stay at this hotel. We decided to split up our trip between 1 hotel on HK island and another on Kowloon .

while the location is poor , this new hotel has great rooms , enthusiastic service and a moderately interesting restaurant MoMo . The local area is very 'local ' and interesting , but the hotel is poorly located for business purposes , however the pluses beat the negatives .

we just had 8 nights at this wonderful property,booked it direct with Marriott only cost HK $ 770 per night.As others have said this is n't a 5 star hotel but definetely a very good 4 star hotel at 3 star prices.Was a bit concerned about the location until we got there,its only 5 minutes to Central.Staff are very efficent &amp ; friendly &amp ; go that little bit extra to make your stay memorable.We will definetely be back .

my husband and i booked this hotel via the Marriott website , and we landed - as we say in the Netherlands - &quot ; with our nose in the butter&quot ; .

some have asked why this is not a five star hotel. These people are obviously not comparing this facility to a Four Seasons , Mandarin Oriental , etc. That being said , this is clearly a four star hotel and I understand these posters sentiments - as this is clearly the nicest Courtyard I 've ever stayed in and I 've stayed in a lot . Frankly , this Courtyard is probably nicer than most Marriotts - especially ones that have n't been updated very recently .

i do not understand why Tripadvisor has rated the hotel as a 3-star hotel. Most other websites have given the hotel a clear 5-star rating and I can vouch for the hotel in that it truly deserves a 5-star rating and no less .

stayed here for 2 nights during our trip to Asia. The hotel is in the Central district on the Hong Kong island. It is bit far removed from the main touristy/busy area although the hotel provides free shuttle bus to the Central train station and a shopping mall. The room is small , but clean and modern with comfortable bed. Best way to get around is to take the tram that is couple blocks away and ride towards the main part of the island. It only costs 2 HK dollars - around 25 cents US - and on the upper deck , you can get a fabulous view of the city and the busy streets. Of course , do the Star Ferry and eat at the Superstar restaurant in Kowloon. Great dimsum !

i stayed at the Courtyard HK for 10 nights over the 2008 Thanksgiving holiday. After a long flight from NY , the check-in was quick and the receptionlist was friendly and professional. The porter assisted me with my bags and guided me to my assigned room. That was nice .

the reviews were quite accurate , the room was modern , clean and quite spacious for HK hotel rooms. We had a most gorgeous harbor view , and a spacious bathroom .

this hotel is brand new â € “ so new in fact that most taxi drivers have not even heard of the place , nor have some of the locals who have lived there for more than 20 years ! Situated in Sheung Wan to the left of Admiralty , close to the Macau Ferry Terminal on Hong Kong Island , this new gem is certainly a pleasant surprise ! I agree with some other reviews in that calling it 5-star is a little over the top , but it is definitely like no other Courtyard out there !

a very new property to the West of Central. Location seemed a little remote until we were actually there â € “ it is a slice of old HK with many small shopfronts and eating places around it. Well connected by tram and bus routes so getting to the main areas like Central , Sheung Wan , Western Market etc isn â € ™ t a problem , and it is near the new Harbour crossing so a 10-min bus ride takes you to Jordan/Mong Kok .

put simply , all the great reviews about this hotel ring true .

this is a very unique and different Courtyard. I used them very often in the US , but this one has almost Marriott quality at Courtyard price. I booked my room thru Marriott.com 2 month ahead. We stayed for 6 night at HK $ 850. per night in which is a good price in HK. We have a semi harbour view as was explain to us by the front desk clerk in the 20th floor .

a very new , modern , clean , and well apponted property , with excellent staff. We recommend buying the Executive room package. The hotel is a little out of the way , but they have a shuttle that runs every 30 minutes to mass trans central. Get a hotel directions card , as it isso new that taxis do n't know it ! Special thanks to concierge , Mable , for going above and beyond to help us before , during &amp ; after our trip to HK !

i found this to be a very nice , modern hotel. I am tall 6'5&quot ; so I appreciated the king size bed. My room had one of the nicest bathrooms that I 've ever had in a hotel. The walk in shower was big and the rainfall showerhead was mounted on the ceiling , great for tall people. They also had the biggest towels that I have ever seen. While the lobby is spartan , the staff was friendly and helpful. Ask them about anything you need in HK , it will save you a lot of trouble. We got some great restaurant tips from them .

this is a fairly new hotel with normal HK sized rooms. At first we thought the location was out of place but we found out that it is actually very good .

this is a fairly good property--but I do think some of the reviews below are a little over-the-top. I stayed here on 2 separate occasions in October 2008...The hotel lobby is very small and the whole hotel 's 'footprint ' is small , just a few rooms per floor. The rooms , while quite modern , were small , even by Hong Kong standards I 've stayed at probably 15 different hotels in HK . The bathroom was actually good size for HK , but there was no tub--shower only. The front desk staff seemed indifferent...Breakfast was supposed to be included as well , but had to argue to get that taken off my bill--good thing I brought my confirmation. I had booked a package that included champagne and chocolates for my first stay...In 2 days there , it never came. Although I did advise them of this upon checkout , and they did come through on my second stay and get me the 'treats ' at that point. My TV did n't work during my first stay , they sent someone up to look at it and could n't get it fixed...They offered to move me , but this was my second day there , I 'd just arrived from the US and was mostly sleeping anyway...So , they did try on all accounts , but there was a big inconvenience factor and nothing offered to 'make up ' for it. . Breakfast at MoMo was really good. Elevators are tiny and only three to serve 30 + floors--LONG waits for an elevator and they do n't seem to be the fastest in HK either. Taxis are very difficult to get--I had to wait about 45 minutes around 4PM--there were just 2 people ahead of me...I do like the fact there are 7-11s and Circle K 's on every corner nearby , but this is not the hotel for you if you want to be near the 'action ' that Hong Kong offers. Overall , good hotel , but certainly not 'spectacular ' or '5-star ' , but with the money paid .

all in all The Marriott Courtyard hotel in HK was excellent. The customer service was friendly and efficient. We had a harbour view room and the quality of the room was very good , one could see the hotel is quite new. The location in the Western district on Hong Kong Island was not bad while it 's not Central of course. The MTR station is a bit far for walking but the hotel shuttle bus , the trams and the public buses there are many worked well. We usually prefer public transport and we did n't need a taxi once during the trip. The shuttle bus to Central is free. We did n't find restaurants other than the normal American fast food chains near the hotel for our western taste , but the hotel 's Momo restaurant was very good and Soho restaurants for example are a short tram ride away. My fianc Ã © e and I certainly recommend this hotel .

i LOVED this hotel and stayed a week. Absolutely beautiful decor and superb staff service. If your lucky enough to get a view room , it is so worth it...especially the corner rooms. The breakfast buffet at the MoMo cafe is VERY good for both Asian and American breakfast. Although the location is away from central HK things to do. The hotel is set-up for business guests and runs a shuttle for easy access to MTR/Ferry/

this is a new hotel and a really good value for the money. But if you have never been to Hong Kong and do n't know your away around , it 's not for you. The neighborhood is very Hong Kong , you see few if any tourists. But it is way too long a walk to the MTR and there are not really any restaurants in the vicinity. Taxis are cheap and easy in Hong Kong and it 's about a $ 3 ride at most from the nearest MTR and $ 5 from the Airport Express station .

we stayed at the Marriott Courtyard for 3 nights during a visit to HK for a family occasion. I booked the room using the MArriott Rewards programme , as i have frequently stayed in other Marriotts in the UK on business. First impressions were not bad for a freebee !

the Courtyard by Mariott Hong Kong is truly a fantastic hotel. I checked with the kiosk upon arriving at the Hong Kong airport and they gave me transportation options , including a hotel shuttle approx $ 150 HKD or the express airport bus or train. I chose the train , then took a taxi to the hotel. I was rapidly checked in , and led to my room , and the bellman explained the hotel only opened in April. It could have just opened yesterday as good as it looked .

knowing that the hotel is situated in an area famous for selling bird nest and area with only 3 hotels , we certainly did n't expect to see a such a 20 + storeys , new , cosy and modern looking hotel when we arrived. Within 5 minutes , we were checked into our room. We were given a room with a soft King bed and excellent harbourview. The room were spacious for 2 of us and most importantly , the room was very clean ! For entertainment , there were around 20 + channels TV programs to choose from .

i booked a standard room directly with the hotel and I concur with all the reviews on this site. The quality of the hotel is easily that of a five star and would indeed put some of those to shame. The reception is large and the staff genuinely friendly , polite , efficient and helpful. he hotel itself is almost brand new which is evident. The rooms are plush with JW Marriott type beds which are very large , deep and comfortable. My bed had five large pillows which tells you how large the bed is. For Hong Kong , and for the price , the rooms are large enough for two people , and large for one person. The furniture and electrical equipment were all new. I particularly liked the multimedia port and the bag of connection cables on the work desk , from which you can connect almost anything including your laptop and iPod directly to the large LCD widescreen TV without any hassle. The telephones are very modern and have multi-functional displays. The bathroom is large by Hong Kong standards and very modern and sleek with a huge oval lit up mirror and probably one of the biggest rain shower enclosures I have ever had at a hotel. That said , there was no bath which , for the size of the bathroom , they could easily have fitted in. However , you do get a large rain shower you can actually walk around inside though ! The bathroom is stocked with all usual toiletries , plush bath robes and comfy slippers .

i booked my stay in this hotel through Zuji Travelocity . I have to agree with the other contributors... this hotel is really great ! : I got a harbour view room , and the view was just... stunning. The hotel 's ambiance is very modern. The carpeted hallway had a maroon tone , dinstinctive of the Courtyard ambiance. The room has a motorized window shade , king-sized bed , glass working desk , fridge/minibar , coffee/tea making facilities , 32&quot ; LCD TV with VOD , a digital alarm clock and 2 VoIP phones one on the desk and another one near the bed . The toilet was okay , but did n't have a tub if you travel on business you wo n't use the tub anyway ! . Staff were very helpful , but they may have some problems with English , so make sure you relay important requests in writing ! The concierge service was also impressive - I asked them to modify my flight booking and they managed to do it promptly they also gave frequent updates on flight details and status . Great hotel -- outstanding value for money ! : I just hope they wo n't increase their rates , so do n't tell so much about this hotel to your friends ! Haha ! : D

we stayed at the Courtyard Hongkong for 3 nights and enjoyed our stay there very much. Staff was friendly and efficient , location was ok , although with considerable walking distance 20 minutes to the center and rooms were excellent. Although a bit small , the newly refurbished rooms had floor to ceiling windows , a very comfortable bed and a nice &amp ; modern bathroom. All amenities shower gel , shampoo , shower caps... are provided. Room service is very reliable too. The majority of guests seemed to be a business clientele but we would definitely choose the courtyard again for the next visit to HKG .

stayed here July 21-23 , booked through Marriott Rewards program. I believe the starting room rates on the web were in the neighborhood of 980 HKD .

the harbor view from the top floors of the Courtyard is wonderful. I could sit all day and watch the constant stream of boats moving across the harbor. Looking down at the ground , you â € ™ ll see the highway and shipping businesses â € “ but the view out from the top floors is of the harbor , more shipping business across the harbor , and of Kowloon .

having previously stayed at the Renaissance Kowloon and the high-end JW Marriott in Hong Kong , I was n't quite sure what to expect from a Courtyard in this city. After all , US Courtyard hotels are &quot ; adequate&quot ; but generally nothing special to write about. The HK Courtyard is different , however , and more akin to a nice Marriott property in any American city rather than the run-of-the-mill US Courtyard. It features a proper restuarant , stunning views , an executive lounge , and excellent facilities for the business person or tourist on a tight budget .

i stayed at 3 different hotels during my trip. One was another Marriott chain and one was from another chain both in Tsim Sa Tsui. This was the best one for a number of reasons , however for me it was the technology that put this hotel over the others. The tv was a flatscreen and you are able to connect your laptop/mp3/dvd player to the tv cables provided . The other hotels did not even have a flat screen. There were also more cable tv channels available. This hotel offered wireless internet whereas the other 2 did not .

i almost did not want to write this b/c I travel to HK frequently and the more people find out about this place , the higher the price is going to go. I will stay here from now on. Free breakfast in the morning , very nice buffett. They upgraded me to a room overlooking the Harbor , very nice. Lobby and rooms are very nicely decorated as well .

myself and my husband have just returned from Hong Kong , and checked into this hotel 3 times,as we had a couple of side trips staying over in Macau and Tokyo. Can only repeat what the previous reviewers have said about this hotel. The first room we checked into was a great surprise as we had n't expected much at this price range - it was their cheapest room as we were arriving late at night and leaving early next morning. Good clean room , nice furnishings , fluffy white towels and bathrobes , and a great comfy bed. Checked in again 2 nights later , again for just one night , to a room with a view of the harbour , much bigger , with a small sofa as well. The manager came across to speak to us while checking in , and was very welcoming , giving us his card in case we had any problems so that we could speak to him personally. Happy to say that there was nothing the staff could have done to make our stay any better. Third time we stayed for 4 nights,corner room , great view of the harbour , smaller than the first 2 rooms , but still not a bad size.Lounge access well worth the extra money , chef asked us every morning if he could cook anything special for us the next morning , he seemed concerned that we did n't eat much for breakfast thinking we did n't like the food on offer ! We have never been asked this before in HK , not even in the Hyatt or the Langham !

courtyards in the US are Stalinist hotels with all luxury deconstructed. This is not like the US Courtyards. Very nice staff- very modern and sleek rooms and common areas. Highly recommend. This is like a W hotel , only far less expensive , better lighting , more spacious , and staffed with helpful people rather than the frustrated out-of-work models who work at the W 's .

this hotel is brand new , very clean , and has great views of the shrinking Hong Kong harbor from most rooms. I stayed twice on this trip and had a corner room both times .

second trip to Hong Kong after 4 years. Hotels can be very expensive in Hong Kong. Used 85,000 Marriott points for 5 nights a great deal and tried the brand new Courtyard by Marriott on Hong Kong Island. It opened on April 1 , 2008. We arrived on April 19th. Quoted rates were around $ 200 a night. This is a Courtyard like no other that you may be used to in the States. It is a 32 story hotel. 4 stars for sure. The room we had on the 30th floor had a great view of the City. The other side of the hotel had harbor views toward Kowloon but the weather was somewhat foggy so you could n't see much from the harbor side so we opted for the City side at no additional cost harbor side is $ 25US more per night . However , we did upgrade for a room on an executive floor at $ 51US more per night. It was worth it as it included a great breakfast every morning and a happy hour from 6 - 8 pm every evening with cocktails , wine and beer and very tasty hor d'oerves. The $ 51 cost was definitely worth it. Other than the fact that the hotel is new therefore everything is clean , the room was great in terms of amenities flat screen TV , etc. what really makes this hotel stand out was the incredible service from every staff member we came in contact with. They really bend over backwards to make you feel comfortable including the cook who made our omelets every am. Most of the staff speak good English. It 's seems that is a requirement to work there. Many of the young staff went to college in the States. So , if you 're a Marriott member , the use of points is a great deal. However , we would pay the approximately $ 200 for a room here if we were not Marriott Rewards members. The location is fine. The City tram runs across the street from the hotel and takes you to the MTR subway station and the Star Ferry station to Kowloon and Macau. The location is in a quiet local business neighborhood and avoids the noise and crowds of Kowloon. If the price fits your range , this is definitely the place to stay .

