hollywood hotel is really an excellent hotel to stay at especially if you have kids. All of the staff/hotel personnel are very warm and hospitable. Being clean is expected and of and course they get an A + on this category. They also have lots of amenities for kids like play room , pool , garden etc. Disney characters also have a surprise visit every now and then. If we have not paid for the theme park , we can settle just staying in the hotel for one whole day .

before coming to the hotel i have checked tripadvisor for the reviews. Some reviews have negative sides but its all wrong. The hotel looks new , it just have an old fashoined theme. Goofy is at the lobby when we checked-in. The room is nice though small. Such a magical feeling... truly Disney spirit is here. Though we are all grown ups we really enjoyed our stay .

we travelled via ferry coming from Macau , we arrived around 6pm , Goofy was in the lobby. My kids suddenly transformed to &quot ; smiling at the camera kids&quot ; . We were very excited. We availed of the stay and play tickets weher we get 1 free ticket for next day. So we readily checked-in and took the free bus to Disneyalnd and spent the rest of the day in the theme park. the kids were really ecstatic. as if they are not yet tired. unlike when we were in Macau FIsherman 's Wharf . going back to the hotel , we notice all the small details even the cute toiletries , the bathrobe for kids and even small slippers. the room is definitely larger than normal Hongkong Hotel rooms. Next time we go there will try the other DIsney Hotel

what amazes me about this hotel is how despite rampaging kids it still looks new and clean - indeed it looks almost new. The rooms are nice if a little small but this is Disneyland and there is no need to linger long as there are many things to do in the hotel .

stayed at Disney Hollywood for 2 nights at the end of November 2009. This is a busy but well managed hotel which is a bit more relaxed and family friendly than its sister property the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel where we stayed in July 2008. It is also the cheaper hotel although neither is cheap by HK standards. Staff is well trained and willing to help .

this hotel is very near to Disney Land and they provide transporation to &amp ; fro to Disneyland. A very pleasant reception staff and support staff makes this hotel very friendly. The only problem is the hotel lobby will be always overcrowded with visitors and you do n't find any one to carry your luggage to the room. There is free access of Internet in destignated areas and the food is excellant and the atmosphere filled with disney land characters. The out doors are beautiful with a pleasent view of the bay. you can have a pleasant early morning walk near the bay and in the lawn. They are very caring for Kids and do not forget to present them with small gifts and even do not forget to wish them during their birthdays. A very good hotel to stay for a visit to Hong Kong Disney land

booked a garden view room through hotel website and got an early bird discount. The rate is still steep HKD 1155 nett but I guess that is the price to pay in Disneyland. Check-in is a bit slow but no check-out required all charged to credit card .

stayed here with my Grandma and 11 year old sister way back in March 2007 .

stayed in dec 09 for a nite. There were 2 queen sized beds which is great for families with kids. Expected The room to be nicer for a Disney hotel but it 's more a budget hotel with small bathroom , odd colour combination in the room with very basic amentites. After our check in we hv to wait for 30 mins for the hotel bus shuttle to Disneyland although there are buses every 5 mins &amp ; it 's always full cos it 'll first stop at the Disney resort to drop/pick guest fm there 1st. The plus pt you do n't hv to return the card key which can be kept as a souvenir .

very modern , spacious , very well maintained pro [ erty. A small collection of vintage cars , greenery , sea-view , good restaurants , activity centre for kids and excellent staff - make this property a memorable place. Its twin sister - World Disney Hotel is more traditionally designed. This one is for the young at heart .

stayed at the hotel to benefit from the 2 day Stay &amp ; Play where we paid the price of 1 day ticket for 2 days ' admission. Rooms were reasonably big by Hong Kong standards , we stayed in a room with 2 queen sized beds. A lot of thoughtful details went into the room , e.g. child 's cup , bathrobe and bedroom slippers. There were even a medium sized pair of bedroom slippers to fit mummy !

during our one week vacation in Hongkong , this was our last destination. We stayed in this Hotel on 20th and 21st Nov. The hotel is located adjacent to Disneyland and made it very convenient to us to visit Disneyland on both the days .

in the 3 days i spent in this hotel , i have felt in everyway the magic of disney. mickey heads all around which my 6 year old son had a blast with in finding as much as he can. Check-in was a breeze , the room has everything one needs... special touches like an iron and an ironing board in every room as well as a vendo machine and an ice dispenser adds up to the value of this hotel. The garden is huge... a cozy place to frolic around during lull time before going to the park. This hotel caters mainly for kids ... there is even a kid 's salon called the Malibu Toy Shop wherein kids have vaious scheduled activities the entire day - my kid enjoyed totally the christmas postcard making and the bedtime story shared by one of the cast members. Breakfast at Chef Mickey offers a wide variety of choices - you will appreciate the effort from the kitchen crew to consider the various dining needs of their guests. There is a free internet access at one of its restaurant Holywood and Dine which is very helpful in doing your airline online check-ins. One can not fault the shuttle services since it comes every ten minutes to bring the guests to and from the park. One tip for those who might have difficulty in walking long distances , bring a walking stick with you since enjoying the park requires a lot of walking and waiting in lines. The Disney Hollywood Hotel has definitely made this stay even more magical .

fantastic hotel , the facilities were great and the little touches were sweet. including a face towel birthday cake as i was celebrating my birthday there , and the wakeup call was from mickey mouse... goofy could be seen in the lobby one evening and the mickey mouse heads everywhere was great. the food was yummy and the room was fantastic , really soft bed and nice bathroom. the staff were lovely and you could hear mickey and minnie talking in the elevator .

we stayed four nights with children of age 3 and 6 in connection of a 2 days visit to Disneyland. The pool area was enjoyed daily and the water slide was an extra bonus for the 6 year old. Room was spacious and four can sleep easily in almost king-size beds. Hotel area is quiet and safe so children can run free without any trouble. Overall this was great value for the money and the place to stay with small children , however I would not stay here if traveling with adults only .

nice hotel to stay with young kids. Lots of great facilities. Enjoyable

spent 2 nights at this hotel as we had 2 days at Disneyland and it was part of a package deal. It was lovely to be in an open space with a good pool for kids .

we travelled with kids and this place was fabulous compared to the really small spaces you get on Hong Kong island. The pool was wonderful and very well maintined. American cafe style foods available , as well as a bar and restaurant. You need to budget to eat in these places. Can go by rail to shopping centre if u want some other food , bit of a journey. Disney world was fun , probably a max of 2 days , it is reasonably small but we liked that ! ! . Lots to see on the Island , with a wonderful and very easy to use rail system that will take you anywhere fast. Go for the sky rail ride to see the budda , stunning scenery ! !

i stayed here for a week with my son who is 23. I am a member of Disney vacation club and we wanted to explore Hong Kong rather than spend a lot of time in Disneyland Hong Kong .

we stayed for 1 night at the end of May , taking advantage of an offer where we could visit the park for an extra day free if staying at the hotel. As there is no other reason to stay at the Disney hotels far from HK centre except than to visit the park , I suspect most other guests were doing the same .

we arrived in HK on a Thursday evening and stayed in Kowloon for one night. We had to check out by noon to make our way to Disneyland where we were booked at the Hollywood Hotel. We got there by 1 pm Fri and the lobby was crazy... packed with tons of people ! The worst part is that we could only get our room keys for 2 families with adjoining rooms at 3 pm. They kept telling us to leave our luggage so we could proceed to the park. We did n't think this was practical to do. We were 4 adults with 2 young toddlers and we wanted to freshen up , secure our passports and cash in the safe , and use the bathroom. So we just killed 2 hours in the restaurant. When we went back to the desk to get our room keys , they upgraded us and gave us more expensive sea view rooms. I do n't understand why we had to wait till 3 pm when check-out time is at a very early 11 am ? ? ? ? ? ? Does it take them 4 hours to get the rooms ready for the next guests ? ? Did they upgrade us because they could n't give us rooms at 3 pm as promised ? If I understood why there was a 4 hour period between check-out and check-in , then I would n't be this upset about the whole thing .

stayed at Disney 's Hollywood Hotel for 2 nights in July 2009 .

we only booked for a night - since my boyfriend knew I was always a Disney fan , hence gave in to my request - and then proceeded to check-in at Stanford for the next 2 nights of our stay in HK .

cool art deco retro style throughout with plenty of Mickey touches

  days for the kids. Spacious art deco rooms .

this is one hotel that i would highly recommend to everyone ! The hotel in Disneyland Hong Kong. I arrived there at 12pm , there were no available rooms so we 've decided to leave our bags at the hotel concierge and go straight to Disneyland. The rooms are beautiful and there are 2 swimming pools if you want to unwind. The breakfast buffet was the best i 've had so far , it was worth every penny , which we paid for $ 120 that time. Given the chance i would definitely go back .

for accomodation that 's near Disneyland , the value is unbeatable. Especially when I bought a season ticket , which entitles you to great discounts off their usual rates. The difference in room rate was significantly more than the difference in ticket prices , as they had a 50 % discount when we were there .

we were a family of 4 - 2 Adults and 2 Kids and had booked the basic Garden View Rooms - No Regrets...had 2 Queen Size Beds in a Spacious Room which was very comfortable for the 4 of us .

very nice hotel. Very nice park. Good food at Chef Mickey 's. good fast food also. I love their watermelon drink in those nice disney bottles. : - One concern though is their staff. They should be well-trained in speaking in english because most of their guests are foreigners or tourists. It 's sometimes difficult to converse with them when I had concerns with switching rooms. It took us some time to settle the discussion. but other than than , Hollywood Hotel is a really good place for young and adults. : -

we checked-in at around 11.00 am expecting a delay since room allotment was scheduled for 3 pm but amazingly our room was ready to move in. I had booked a sea view room and the sea view was Spectacular ! That itself made the stay worthwhile. We spent two days in Disneyland and travel to and from the hotel was absolutely troublefree. Buses leave every few minutes and its a short distance to the park. There are a few choices for food and we had a buffet dinner Indian which was actually close to original. Breakfast is not included in the room rent and was a bit expensive. Checkout takes some time especially on weekends with large crowds. The grounds were very neat and clean and good for an evening relaxing walk. We did not use the pool but did see lots of people using it even late in the evening .

we stayed at Hollywood hotel for 2 nights end of May with 2 kids age 5 and 3. We bought an annual pass for my daughter which entitled us to 30 % off the rom rates. They also had a promo where staying at the hotel also entitled us to 2 days pass to disney park which came in really useful as it was raining the first day we were there. We arrived at the hotel at noon and were able to check into the room immediately. The hotel is truly designed for kids and my kids were most impressed with it. The rooms were fairly big for HK size , easily fitting the 4 of us and were very clean .

our stay at Disney Hollywood was truly magical. We arrived at noon but our Garden View Room was not yet available. They recommended we upgrade to a Park View Room which was available. It was worth it ! ! We were able to freshen up right away , have a fantastic view of the park and the best part , we had the best view of the Fireworks at 8pm do n't forget to tune in to Channel 36 on your TV during the fireworks to hear the narration and music . The breakfast at Chef Mickey was wonderful. The shuttle buses to Disneyland were very convenient. The Park itself was great although smaller and has less rides than the one in California . We enjoyed the park for two days there was a promo - stay one night at the hotel , spend two days at the park . This is better than cramming everything in one day. You get to really enjoy the rides and fantastic shows be sure you watch Festival of the Lion King ! at your own pace. We hope you have the same magical experience we had !

the stay at the Disneyworld Hollywood hotel in Hongkong is a true blessing for the eastside of the world ! The Hotel makes very familie 's dream come true and fills up the family 'memory bank ' with loads of fun and love !

our family of four 2 children aged 3 and 5 began our Hong Kong holiday with a 3 night stay at the Hollywood Disney Hotel. What a gorgeous place ! Our first impressions were magnificent. The grounds are immaculate if only my lawn could be so green and the hotel itself is in a modern art deco style which is reminiscent of a magic past. So far , so good. We landed in Hong Kong at 6am and so were at the hotel by 7am- I was not expecting our room to be available. But to our relief it was .

we chose this hotel for the first four nights of our very first overseas family holiday , and then moved on to a Kowloon hotel for the rest .

during our trip to Hong Kong , we stayed one night at the Disney 's hollywood hotel. Disney theme park gives you entry for 2 days if you stay in the hotel Please check for latest deals on the hotel website . I would highly recommend to stay in the hotel and enjoy the theme park for 2 days so that you can see it in leisure. Please do not miss the fireworks at night at the theme park as well as a breakfast with Disney charactors in the other hotel Disneyland Hotel . Plan trip to Disney towards your last 2 days in Hong Kong so that you can go straight to airport from disney as it is very close .

too good hotel. kids and elders just loved it .

we had a fantastic time. The rooms were clean and definitely a good size for a Hong Kong hotel. Check-in and out were a breeze. Staff were friendly and eager to help. When checking out , the staff asked where we are heading off to next and I replied Airport. Without any prompting , he picked up the phone and called a taxi for me !

we paid about hkd200 for the taxi ride from Kowloon to Disney Hollywood hotel. The hotel is 5mins away from disneyland park and shuttle service is provided between hotel &amp ; mtr/disneyland park. Frequency is less than the stated 8-10mins and the ride is comfortable .

the previous reviews were all accurate but here are additional items I observed during the 3 night stay last March 23-26 , 2009 .

we arrived very tired on the saturday last week to a very warm welcome at this hotel. All the staff were very friendly and always handing out stickers etc to the kids .

i have stayed at Walt Disney World numerous times in my life so I have fairly high expectations about Disney. However , having visited Disneyland Paris a number of times , I 'm wary of how consistent the outside U.S. experience may be with my expectations. Hong Kong Disneyland , and specifically Disney 's Hollywood Hotel , exceeded my expectations. From the very beginning of securing my reservation all by e-mail and fax no having to deal with being on hold at overseas rates ! ! , the experience was great. Tammy , the reservations Cast Member , took care of everything from offering a not-yet-published at the time Annual Pass rate I bought an Annual Pass for the discounts they give on the hotels to booking my room .

the last time we visited HK , we moved from one cheap hotel to another depending on how near it was to what we were doing the next day. To be honest , I really did not put any importance to the hotels that we stayed in , as long as they are clean , I could care less about the other details , we only stayed in there just to sleep anyway .

we booked a garden view room through hongkongdisneyland.com together with their stay and play park ticket and chef mickey breakfast. When we got to the lobby to check in , the staff honored the voucher we were holding and paid for park tickets at 290HKD each and not the new price which is 350HKD per adult. They upgraded our room to sea view for free and we were very pleased. The room was big and clean. My son enjoyed the tub so much. The animal towel were so cute. The landscape was just magnificent. We had loads of fun taking pictures in the hollywood letters. The mini playground was a thrill to my 2 year old boy. The breakfast at Chef Mickey was delicious. They serve varied menu. The restaurant itself is nice and memorable. The staff are friendly and efficient. They are extra nice to kids and keeps on giving disney stickers. My family and I had a very magical stay in this hotel. It is worth every penny we paid and so much more .

if you 're taking your family on a vacation to Hongkong , I would say it is most convenient to stay at the Disney Hollywood Hotel or at the Disneyland Hotel. These 2 hotels are just like 10 minutes away from the airport. And these hotels are the only ones located within the compound of Disneyland. Being so , going to Disneyland Resort with kids , is very convenient. There 's always a free shuttle waiting outside the hotel to take you for a quick 5-minute ride to Disneyland. It may be a bit pricey , but you 'll definitely get your money 's worth....nice and cosy disney-themed rooms , all with double beds , good for 4 persons in 1 room , a cable TV , wifi , nice view of the sea , nice bathrooms and all .

it 's very basic accommodation for a high price. We paid HK $ 1540 Â £ 150 for a night. This is more than we 've paid per night at the last two 5 * hotels we 've stayed at on our holiday Langham Place HK and Blue Hotel Sydney - both excellent .

i arrived at Disney â € ™ s Hollywood at 6.30am after a flight from Auckland and it was really good to turn up somewhere where even though a room wasn â € ™ t ready they could check me in , take care of the bags and I could make use of the outdoor pool when it opened a little while later. Admittedly nothing more than you would expect from a hotel but good that it happened with no fuss !

this was a part of our 21 day trip to asia and this is the best hotel we stayed in during the whole trip .

we stayed at the Disney Hollywood Hotel from the 4th January , and had the most fantastic family time there. The staff are extremely polite and friendly , and went out of their way throughout our stay to assist us and make our stay extra-special ... which it certainly was .

brought my family to HK Disneyland in early Dec 08. The hotel is about 16 minutes drive from airport. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Hotel room was cosy with two double beds , clean and spacious for two adults and kids. The children enjoyed their stay in the hotel as they could watch their favourite Disney channels from hotel room and meet up with Disney characters occasionally. It takes about 5 minutes to get to Disneyland from the hotel. Designated buses will pick up Disneyland-bound passengers on a 10 to 15 minutes interval daily .

we went to Hong Kong to celebrate the New Year 2009. We arrived at the hotel at check-out time so there were a lot of people at the lobby. But we left our baggage with the staff and we then proceeded to the park. Staying at the hotel enabled us to get &quot ; Stay and Play&quot ; park tickets , meaning we got tickets for 2 days for the price of 1. There was a shuttle service to transport hotel guests to and from the hotel every few minutes. All the hotel staff that we encountered were very friendly , courteous and helpful. The food at the hotel was quite pricey , but otherwise okay. The room was cozy and comfortable. The hotel really goes the extra mile for the kids - Mickey slippers , robes , even the soap and shampoo dispensers. Transport to the rest of Hong Kong is a breeze with the MTR station nearby. They also had a taxi ready for us at 6 am for our departure .

there are so many positive reviews for this hotel and mine is no exception. If you have kids and going to HK , the Disney Hollywood Hotel or the Disneyland Hotel is a must .

we stayed with our 1.5 year old son to celebrate Christmas with him. The lobby was a bit crowded on the boxing day when we checked in. The service was good and efficient. The hotel outdoor area was really nice with pool area , nice garden with real size model cars that used in movies as well as a nice path along the sea shore. The room was spacious with nice Disney touch and a wide range of TV channels for the kids. Our son simply loved the hotel. The restaurant Chef Mickey also offered quality food though a bit pricy. The free shuttle bus to and from the Theme Park was quick and frequent as we always found a hsuttle bus waiting for passengers .

as written by most travelers , Hollywood Hotel was superb. There were no words to describe how magical the place was. It was one of the best hotels I had ever been to. Every minute there was fulfilled with interesting activities. There were so many activities could be done there. Your children can swim at the pool , play at Malibu toy shop , take part in the activities held by the hotel and we can shop at the merchandise shop and take a stroll at the small park behind the hotel. The view from the hotel was very breathtaking. The hotel was very clean and lively too. If your main reason to visit Hong Kong is to go to Disneyland , then I really think it is worth the money. As we were walking , we would bump into Disney characters. It was much easier to take photos with these characters at the hotel compared to at the Disneyland. At Disneyland , the queue was very long but at the hotel , you didn â € ™ t have to queue at all. We booked the room cheaper than the price published as I bought the one year visit pass for my son. The rate was about HKD800 + + I can â € ™ t remember the exact price . It â € ™ s worth as u get two double bed. Plus , u get the second day entrance to Disneyland free. The room was very spacious and the interior was nice too. There was a small room near the elevator where u can get free flow of ice cubes. All the staff was very helpful and polite. Most of them spoke fluent English and a few of them were not so good but still comprehensible. Shuttle busses to Disneyland and MTR station were there most of the time. Do not take cabs to the city as it was very expensive unless u â € ™ re really in a hurry. A trip to Tsim Tsa Tsui by cab cost me HKD200. It was so expensive. One disadvantage of this hotel is its location. It â € ™ s very far from the city centre but u can always take the reliable MTR and u can reach the city centre in about 30 minutes. If u often go to the city centre , it â € ™ s better to buy the octopus card or the day trip card HKD55 . Those are much cheaper compared to normal single trip tickets. If u plan to stay here , stay at least for a few days so that u can explore the whole hotel. In my opinion , one day is not enough to explore the hotel especially if you have small kids. There are so many things to be done here ! My son was really impressed with the hotel and we promise to come back next year , if we have the time .

fantastic stay - we were concerned about staying at Disney for 4D/3N when we only planned to spend at most one day in the theme park. Getting downtown was n't much hassle and riding the Disney MTR was part of the fun .

my family of 4 , me , my hubby and 2 kids aged 4.5 yr old and 17 month old thoroughly enjoyed staying in Hollywood Hotel. Booked a Garden View room for 4 nights in mid November. Purchased a child annual pass and got to enjoy 30 % off the room rates , which left us spare money for other expenses. We visited the park for 2 days with the stay and play package .

an amazing stay. My dad and i loved the service and international convenience. The staff speak 5 different languages and are very friendly. The best part is , it has a bus service that goes to the airport and theme park .

excellent hotel , exceptionally clean with extremely helpful staff. . Our holiday was so much fun with out two little ones and that was because of the staff and hospitality that is shown to everyone that stays at this hotel. Exceptional service. Wish we had booked to stay longer as the hotel and grounds are just beautiful .

we have just spent three nights at this hotel and...WOW... what a great hotel and a fantastic way to end a holiday in HK we had 8 nights on HK Island . The location of the hotel means that you do n't even realise that the hustle and bustle of HK is only a relatively short train trip away.You have to hand it to Disney - they sure know how to do it well with all the little touches starting with the special Disney train with its Mickey shaped windows and statues in the carriages. The grounds to the hotel were superbly landscaped and there is a large piano shaped pool , which had 3 lifeguards patrolling it at all times. The first night we were there we went to the Enchanted Garden restaurant at the other Disney Hotel which is a superb buffet and all the Disney characters meet and greet - we had photos with Mickey , Minnie , Pluto and Goofy. The second night we ate at Chef Mickey at the Hollywood Hotel which serves both a buffet and a la carte menu. There is also a simple cafe plus a bar where you can order food. The hotel room was fine - 2 double beds and enough space for all of us - 2 adults and 2 girls aged 9 and 7 . The little Disney things in the room were hits - like keeping the slippers , Micket shaped ears on the toiletries,the shower curtain , Disney channel on the TV ! If your room looks out towards Disneyland you can watch the fireworks from your room and listen to the music from your TV .

we just returned from a fabulous holiday for 6 nights in Hong Kong staying at the Disneyland Hollywood Hotel. My wife and I took our two youngest children who were 3 and 5 We took the travel agents advice and went in October even though its peak season as its considered the best weather Autumn to enjoy the island and attractions .

stopped in Hollywood hotel , Hong Kong for a stop over &amp ; found it excellent in every way .

the Disney Hollywood Hotel in Hong Kong is a really nice hotel. It is one of 2 official hotels of the Hong Kong Disney Resort. Access to the theme park is very easy via shuttle .

this was my family 's first Disney experience and it was excellent. We stayed two nights and it is the little touches that make it. Check in was longish , however kids could sit and watch TV while we waited. We did n't even get to our room and the kids already had a character meet and greet .

all that you would expect from a Disney Hotel ! A paradise for kids ! The little touches , like a tv in the check in area , character meet-and-greets , their activity room , and the funky pool - all really added to the kids stay... and if the kids are happy , Mum and Dad are happy ! Beautiful landscaped gardens. The only real let-down was that the restaurants were pretty pricey , and they do n't have room service. Regular shuttle buses to Disneyland. And the trainstation there , can take you straight into Hong Kong. Quick and easy ! * we were there from 1 May - 5 May 2008... apparently that week was a National China Holiday... so the place was packed to the rafters... next time i 'll be checking their local holidays ! ! ! * first week in Oct , is also a national holiday , I think !

we have been to various Disney Resorts Tokyo , Orlando , LA , etc and this is the worst resort ever !

my family stayed here for 3 nights , mid July 2008. We had just a fabulous time , it was the tail end of a long busy holiday and this hotel proved to be perfect for relaxation and fun .

we a group of ten , 6 kids and 4 adults stayed here from June 16th-20th .

my boyfriend and I checked in to the hotel on a thursday afternoon. The check in was fast &amp ; efficient but we were n't given a room yet as it was n't ready at noon. Check in is only after 3pm. Hence we went on to Disneyland , leaving our luggages in their safe guard :

we arrived at the hotel on a weekday noon , and found a ridiculously long and SLOW queue at the check-in area. I waited for almost 1 hour just to check , eventhough there were 4 - 5 check in counters operational at that time. The problem is , the staff are very slow in handling each check-in reuest. I estimated that most of the check-in took about 20 minutes , and the more complicated ones eventhoough I do not understand how complicated checking in can get took over half an hour. Is n't that ridiculous ? I am pretty accurate in my observation as I timed them using my watch. Even my own check-in took 15 minutes , where the staff asked me three times to confirm the number of park tickets that I wanted to purchase which I have already pre-booked. So , I do not understand why she had to re-confirm it three times during the check in process .

my family 2 adult , 5yr old , 7 yr old stayed here for 3 nights on the 28th , 29th and 30th May 2008. We bought an annual pass for my daughter and as a result saved 50 % on our accommodation by booking directly with the motel. Prior to our stay I emailed the motel and they were prompt and friendly with all their communications .

one of the best hotels I have been to. The hotel is very clean. You can enjoy the wonders of Disney inside the room. Almost all the stuff found inside is custom made , like the lampshade , the shower curtain , shampoo bottles , slippers , etc. You can actually bring home the slippers and toiletries as souvenirs and even the room card key .

stayed here last week - end of May .

our family of four including two children aged 8 and 6 stayed at the Hollywood Hotel between May 13th and May 17th .

our family 2 adults and 3 children - 7 , 4 and 2 stayed here for 2 nights in April. We had 2 interconnecting rooms on the third floor. If you are in Hong Kong and are going to Disneyland then I would recommend you stay in one of the Disney resorts to add to the experience. All the staff were extremely friendly and the children love receiving the Disney stickers .

  of us aged 48 , 45 and 23 stayed at this hotel from the 4th of May to the 6th of May and we all had a fantasic time !

* Chef Mickey Food is extremely varied. There is 3 restaurants to eat at and 1 shop to have take away , but there is plenty to choose from and priced reasonably .

staff of the hotel are very accomodating and very cheerful. The front desk allowed us to have an early checkin so we can start touring the park. The room is spacious enough for 2 adults and 1 kid. Room is clean and orderly .

what can one say about this fantastic hotel that has n't already been said .

we just returned from a trip to Hong Kong where we stayed at Disney 's Hollywood Hotel. Upon check-in we were greeted by some of the friendliest Disney cast members we have ever met and we have visted every Disney property worldwide !

this is a slighly cheaper hotel than the other Disney Hotel at Disneyland Hong Kong. The hotel was full of Mickey designs , even the shower gel bottles and headboard : -

hotel was huge , nicely decorated lobbies , sprawling green lawn decorated with classic cars and a piano shaped pool...The rooms were large and clean...The men enjoyed the dinner buffet at the Chef Mickey restaurant while some of us ate at The Studio Lounge...We then had breakfast at the Hollywood and Dine the next morning...We also enjoyed buying special disneyland mementos at the Celebrity Shop

had a lovely stay at the Hong Kong Disney Hollywood Hotel for four nights. We reached late in the night so there were no issues with check in. The Hotel is new and very well maintained. It was quite busy during the time which we stayed. Inspite of this , the staff were very friendly and attentive. Nothing to fault with .

my family and I stayed here for one night during Easter holiday. The lobby of the hotel is great , when we check in the line up was a little long but then it is Easter holiday .

this hotel delighted my daughter very much as she is a big fan of Mickey &amp ; Minnie Mouse , Goofy , Daisy , Donald , Pluto. When we arrived at the hotel lobby in the evening , Goofy was at the hotel lobby for the kids to take photo with .

fantastic stay made possible by fabulous and positive staff who go beyond the call of duty to please you. The efficiency is superb - in every aspect. They will reply emails within minutes , serve you within minutes .

we wanted to give this hotel a try because we have heard from friends that this hotel is a fun one. So we squeezed it into our itinerary and stayed for a night. We arrived at around 5pm on March 2nd , a Sunday. The minute we got into the hotel it felt like Disney already. There were only about 2 more families in the lobby and check-in was a breeze. The hotel did not seem packed during our stay , they allowed us to have a late check-out of 4pm the next day. The room looked really clean and fun , the kids got very excited upon entering our park view room. The room had a flat screen one and all the disney channels were there. Of course , we loved the famous room slippers and robes for kids ! After settling down a bit , we took the hotel shuttle to the MTR and went to the Tung Chung Citygate outlets for some last minute shopping. That night we ate the supper buffet at Chef Mickey 's , it was cheaper than the dinner buffet because it had less choices but was filling enough since we do n't get to eat all the stuff in the usual dinner buffets anyway. The time for this buffet was 9 : 30pm-11pm. Next day we had breakfast buffet at Chef Mickey 's once more. The buffet had a wide array of international food and was filling once more. Each mealtime they had a separate bowl , plate , and utensils for the little ones with a Mickey design. If you pre-book your mealtimes before arriving at the hotel , you get 30 % off the regular rate. After our breakfast it was off to Disneyland !

my Family and My Wife 's Family stayed in this hotel last Jan 2 , 2008. We booked 4 garden view rooms. Upon arrival , around 1pm. , the line for check-in was very long. The line looks like the line waiting for a ride in Disneyland. I waited around 30minutes before it was my turn. The check-in was fast and they upgraded us immediately into a ocean view room which is the same size as the garden view room but the view is much nicer . The room is average size and everything is in order. The Hotel is just 1 shuttle bus stop away from Hong Kong Disneyland Park. The Shuttle Bus is free and comes every 10 minutes. Its route is Disneyland Park to Disneyland Hotel to Disney Hollywood Hotel and back to Disneyland Park. The room rate is just average versus the room rate of major hotels in Hong Kong. There are 2 hotels in Hong Kong Disneyland - the Hollywood Hotel is the more casual type and the rate is cheaper. The Disneyland Hotel is more on the elegant side and around HKD 300.00 more. But you do n't need a very good hotel in Disney since you will be staying whole day in Disneyland Park .

we went here early 2007. Good proximity to the main park. Nice , clean and big room with the view of the hotel 's park and the sea. Shuttle bus service arrives every so often so not much waiting needed. The best thing with this hotel is their excellent service. On the last day of our stay , I experienced High Blood pressure due to overwhelming disney experience probably = D and as soon as my wife called for medical assistance , the hotel sent a nurse and a security personnel to check on me and made sure I felt better before leaving me. They even allowed to extend our room stay for an hour or 2 so I can get enough rest. I just wish they also had a doctor on stand by. but what the heck , I 'm still alive and making this review so I guess the nurse did a great job. =

this hotel was the perfect stopover location for us on our way home to Melbourne from London. The kids loved the water slide , meeting Disney characters in the foyer , and eating breakfast at Chef Mickey. We ate other meals at Disneyland , which was a short bus ride away. Housekeeping was efficient and the room clean. We ca n't wait to return to this hotel .

my family &amp ; I stayed at this hotel from 31/1 - 2/1/08. There 's nothing much to say. Just to add my two cents here. From the moment we checked-in until we checked-out , everything was flawless. To all DHH staff , keep up the good work !

when in Hong Kong Disney , I suggest you stay in this hotel .

we have just returned from our wonderful trip to Hong Kong and China. We stayed at Disney 's Hollywood Hotel for 2 nights on Dec 31st - Jan 2nd , and again for one night on Jan 7th .

except for the long check in waited 45 minutes , everything else was great. Customer service from just about everybody was excellent. Room big enough to sleep 2 adults and 2 kids. Relatively big rooms for HK standards. They are short of their attendance targets thus is very eager to offer deals and free upgrades. No difference between 3 types of room other than view. If you do n't plan on watching fireworks from room much better to watch from park anyway , no point in paying more for the park view room. After taking their deals into consideration , it is quite reasonably priced to stay at the Hollywood Hotel. Breakfast and dinner buffets at Chef Mickey are expensive unless you got special deals but both offer excellent food. Would definitely consider staying there again .

we stayed in Hollywood Hotel during its first month of operations when HK Disneyland just opened. So everthing was fantastic frm the reception , to the rooms and the buffet restaurant outlet. Disney characters were everywhere and kids can take photos with the characters to their hearts desire , my kids even played with Goofey at the swimming pool .

celebrating a daughter 's 7th birthday is no mean task. For this particular birthday , we decided to celebrate it at Hong Kong Disneyland. Traveling with small children aged 7 and 2 we decided to shell out a few more dollars and book at the Hollywood Hotel instead of a city hotel for convenience 's sake .

this was our second trip to Hong Kong , last time we stayed at the Hong Kong Disney hotel. We were very happy with the Disney Hollywood hotel , as it was very centrally located close to Disneyland , and close to the MTR for quick access to all of Hong Kong by train .

my family , myself , my wife and 3 children , stayed for a day , for a long overdue vacation. Other than the hotel having so many guests , the entire experience was nice. There was a line at the reception area. With the date we had choosen , the week between Christmas and New Year , a peak tourist season , this is understandable. Considering the long line of people ahead , it only took us about 15 minutes to have ourselves checked in. The staff are very courteous. The staff took all the trouble to make our stay memorable. Calling a bellboy to take down laguages during the checkout needs improvement though. We decided to take all of our laguages down as no bell boy came after 30 minutes. Whatever shortfall caused by the bell boy was more than made up for by the reception staff , the waiters , the cleaning ladies , the shop sales people and all the rest of the staff we met. In all , a nice service Disney should keep up .

i really enjoyed our stay in this hotel because it really is a mickey moiuse heaven ! Compared to some other hotel rooms , it 's quite small , but not uncomfortably small. The rooms have lots of Mickey things like mickey decor , mickey toiletries and mickey slippers. The beds are comfy and the TV is a flat screen TV. the bathroom is clean and comfy , quite small though .

had a one night layover in Hong Kong , we chose the Hollywood Hotel and what a beautiful hotel it is. We were both impressed by every aspect of the hotel , the lobby is beautiful , the staff courteous , the room impressive , we were on our way to Manila ,so it was our loss to be there just one night. It was much nicer than the the Manila Peninsula ! The taxi from the airport cost 145 HKD. We were airline staff and they gave us the room for 97 USD in late October .

i stayed there with my wife and 5 years old girl from 21-23rd Nov .

my family visited HK Disneyland in early November. We had a lovely stay at the Disney Hollywood Hotel .

wow                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              . We have just come back from a three night stay and had an excellent time. We 4 adults &amp ; 4 kids aged 3 and 6yrs arrived at the Hotel at 9.00am after an overnight flight no sleep to find our rooms were ready and we could check-in immediately. The room was really quiet and we could set the air-con to our preferred temp. What a lovely surprise to find 'mickey ' slippers which we were welcome to keep. Bathrobes even for the kids were a great touch too. The room was very clean and we could close the curtains and block out the light to sleep. The hotel service was perfect - very friendly and efficient. Even the ladies that did the rooms would ask what time you would like your room cleaned. Our kids were made to feel special - always chatted to and forever being handed Disney stickers. Goofy was always hanging around which the kids loved. There was a kids TV lounge , a 'kids club ' where you could go and colour in , play games etc. and each day there were various organised activities for the kids. The pool was brilliant - loved the waterslide - and the water temp was 28 degrees. Great spa too. And there was always a couple of lifeguards around the pool - even at night pool was open until 10pm . The hotel had three different places to eat a snack bar with things like salads and sandwiches , a bar that had meals and the buffet restaurant . All we could say about the buffet dinner was yum yum yum - it was excellent. There is also a shop with Disneyland souvenirs etc. The shuttle bus is very regular and only takes a few minutes to get to Disneyland / MTR station. We got a taxi from/to the airport - easy and cost about HKD $ 130 each way. We loved our stay here and will definitely be back .

here 's what I wrote to Disney 's Hollywood Hotel :

this was the first Disney experience for my partner and I , and the second for our friend and her daughter. All of us were thrilled with the Hollywood Hotel. I noticed some cynicism in previous reviews , so I intentionally chose to just take it for what it is and have some fun , and fun is exactly what we had ! Yes , it 's kind of over the top , but that 's what Disney is all about .

brilliant hotel , really enjoy our 2 night stay here , we booked 3 rooms and although none of us have children , but we enjoy the atmosphere , the convenient shuttle that run every 10 min to disneyland &amp ; MTR , the releaxing sea view from the window , the nice decor and the comfy big beds. We thought the food cost will be a bit expensive , but we found that one of the cafe is very good , it 's like a nice little cafe if you just fancy a simple cup of tea and cake with reasonable price.. .

read some bad reviews about this hotel , but decided to try it. It turns out to be a nice hotel , the twin bed is big , big enough for 1 adult &amp ; a child to sleep comfortably .

what a great place to stay. Was pleasantly surprised. The check in is a breeze , the staff are extremely helpful and inform you of all the current promotions and discounts available .

we stayed for 8 nights at the Hollywood Hotel and were so pleased that we chose this hotel. We are a family of 6 with four children aged from 21 through to 10. The hotel was fantastic and gave us connecting rooms , with the two older children staying in one room and my husband and I with the two younger chldren in the other .

just returned from Hong Kong with last 1.5 day in Hong Kong Disneyland. We my wife , 2 kids and myself stayed in this hotel on 18-19 Sep 2007. We were quite pleased with the stay as we we were given the highest floor 7flr and early check-in 11am &amp ; late check-out 1.30pm . May be it was off-peak. Rooms were big enough to fit all of us with a baby cot nicely slotted in between the 2 twin beds. The hotel staff even brought us a bathing basin for the baby when they fixed up the baby cot while we were enjoying ourselves in the disneyland park .

we just recently got back from a trip to Hong kong. The place was okay , we loved the street markets. Bargaining was a must. Stayed at Dorset Olympic for the first 3 nights and then satyed at Disney Hollywood for the next two. I wshed we had more nights at Disney. The hotel has big spacious rooms. It is a great place to stay for families with small children as it is located near Disneyland where we could just take the shuttle bus provided by the resort. Waiting for the buses was not a problem since there was always a bus. Altho the room rate is a bit on the high side , we thought it was worth it. I totally recommend it to everyone , young and old .

this was our first time in a Disney Hotel. Room was spacious by Hong Kong standards &amp ; well appointed. We had 2 double beds which was perfect for our family of 2 adults &amp ; 2 kids .

excellent hotel of a very high standard we also stayed at the Disneyland hotel but thought this was much nicer , as it was more peaceful and the main restaurant food was slightly better. The service and standard of accomodation is that of a good five star. It has a great pool and nice grounds .

we stayed with our 2 children age 12 and 9 very clean lovley hotel pleanty of space in the room , fab pool the free bus runs very couple of minuits to disney land and the train station so you can easly go and explore hong kong .What great holiday would recomend this hotel to anyone

hollywood Hotel is a great place to stay in when you intend to visit Disneyland in HK. We especially liked the current promo they had you get to enter the theme park for two days straight when you are a guest at the hotel . As I was with two elderly parents and a baby , we appreciated being able to relax for half a day in the hotel before venturing to the park and then continuing for yet another day the next day. While Disneyland is much much smaller than the other Disneylands we 've been to Orlando and LA , the heat was too much for us and it was good to be able to go back to the hotel when we saw fit. From the time when I called to make a reservation talked to somebody named Kevin who even called me up long distance when we got disconnected ! to the time when we had a lovely breakfast at Chef Mickey , it was an overall great experience. True , the hotel is a bit expensive and not what I expected Disney hotels in the USA seem bigger and better but it still had the Disney charm. From Mickey Mouse ballpens to Mickey slippers , they had adequate Disney touches. The service was good. They gave us connecting rooms as we had requested and also provided a Mickey-themed crib for my baby complementary of course . The beds were huge and comfortable -- maybe a little bit on the hard side but I think most HK hotels are like that. Plus , they allowed four people in one room so that 's a big help if you 're three or four people staying in one room like us . Most HK hotels charge you a triple rate or quadruple rate if you 're 3 or 4 adults staying in one room. The only complaint I had was that the room size is small considering the beds were big. We can hardly open our luggages. Ended up opening them on our beds. True , other guests might be a bit noisy but that can be true elsewhere in HK also. Just a tip , if you 're three or more people , it 's better to take a cab from the city and go there probably around HK $ 250 with a $ 5 fee per luggage in the trunk . And then take another cab from the Disney hotel to the airport since it 's just a 15 minute ride to the airport . Good experience overall and would n't mind staying there again .

booked online direct with Hotel. July 2007. 2 nites before going to Kowloon part of our holiday .

what an amazing hotel. My husband , me and my two children 15 and 12 stayed for 2 nights in March. We absolutely loved it. The foyer was beautiful with statues of Mickey Mouse , check in was easy and staff very friendly. Rooms were clean and sprinkled with disney touches like the shower curtain , tolieties , pictures on walls etc. Rooms were perhaps a bit small with not a lot of room to move , but this did n't bother us at all. The outdoor pool and spa were great , my kids loved the water slide. The breakfast buffet was very nice , even the waffles were shaped of Mickey. The evening food was a bit expensive but if you eat in the park it is a lot cheaper. There was a free bus every 15 minutes to and from the park and we never had to wait for more than 5 minutes. It is a little out of Kowloon so really suited if you want the whole Disney experience. We loved Disneyland Hong Kong and would absolutely have no hesitation in staying here again .

my brother and I stayed here for the last night of our 4D/3N tour...our experience was awesome ! from reception we were given an upgrade to a seaview room...we stayed at the 9th floor...the hotel staffs were all so friendly...check in was no hassle and check out you just have to go down your room at 11am nothing more to ask or do unless you avail of the internet connection etc , then you just leave your stuffs and go back to the park for another fun day.. .

although the rooms and their bathrooms were very small , our stay in this hotel was memorable. The theming was great. Lifts , bedrooms , stationery and toilet amneties all had the mickey mouse symbol. Even breakfast waffles. It was fun. The hotel also had a nice swimming pool and a jackuzzi .

stayed at Disney Hotel with family. Place was 100 % full , and the hotel did not have the resources for so many bookings. Several hours in line to check in , no porters for bags , rooms are small and noisy , no room service or any extras .

upon returning to HK this time I took time to take the family to Disneyland. We stayed two nights at the Hollywood .

this hotel was fanastic. the overall experience was great .

hollywood Disney Hotel â € “ to be a child again !

the Hollywood Hotel is one of two at the Hong Kong Disneyland resort , which is just over a year old. The details at this hotel are incredible ! The lobby , rooms and grounds are impeccable and the service is outstanding. Though we arrived at midnight , our check-in was quick and courteous , we were able to buy park passes , and our non-smoking , king bed , park view room was still waiting for us .

gorgeous                                                                                                                                                             . My family and I stayed at the Hollywood hotel for 2 nights and it was the most memorable part of our trip to Hong Kong. On arrival back from China to Hong Kong we were picked up by Disneyland limos and dropped right at the door. As soon as we stepped out of the limo staff were there to take our bags. We walked up to the desk and were then suprised with an extra days free park tickets ! Check in was easy and simple and we also exchange the rest of the chinese money we had left. We booked two rooms as we had 6 people 3 kids , 1 teen , 2 adults . At first I was abit disapointed to be staying on the ground floor I wanted to ride in those mickey elavators , damnit ! , but the rooms were amazing and the pool was a short walk away .

i have not long returned from my stay at Disneys Hollywood Hotel in Hong Kong and I am writing this in the hopes that other people will not experience the terrible stay I had and chose to stay elsewhere .

its a beautiful hotel , thoughtfully fitted. Love the cute mickey theme eveywhere including the toiletries !

i was at the hotel last aug06 with a group of 40 guest , they treated me very bad one day at the night around 11.50pm they called me from the reception to pay some money i mean they didnot wait till morning thats really bad , sales dept. also very bad no customer service at all.i dont recommend any one to stay at this hotel .

me , my wife and children age 13 and 6 stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The facilities are basic but clean. We stayed at Garden View room at 9th floor , but luckily have window from where we can see the sea. The double beds were small , so it is not comfortable to sleep with your kid in the same bed .

we stayed one night with our 9 and 5 yrs old daughters and they simply love this hotel. the room is big and clean they enjoyed the pool and I cant believe the park is so spacious and nice. If you want to save some cost is better to bring your own snacks and drink for the kids during your stay there. Plus the hotel is having &quot ; stay one night and play for 2 days&quot ; promotion for international guests which means you get a second day pass to Disney for free. I highly recommend anyone going to Disneyland to stay at least one night here is all WORTH it as I understand that other Disney 's park hotels are much more pricey .

we have just returned from a 4 day holiday to HK Disneyland. We stayed at the Disney 's Hollywood hotel which was pretty and interesting for the children. The play area was great and the pool quite inviting despite the rain .

