we stayed there for 2 nights... the rooms are very clean... i just dont like the guy in conceirge he gets angry so fast... the location is good.. there 's a lot of shopping malls near... the foods are well prepared but not that delicious.. but over all i like this hotel .

we stayed at dorsett far east for 4 days just last september , we had a great time at this hotel especially the buffet breakfast , it was most convenient to have breakfast taken at the hotel than otherwise , especially if u got kids traveling with u , would have been hard for us to locate a nice place to eat before we hit our tours with kids tagging along , since we 're not familiar with the place. rooms were A ok ! tiny but really cute , so clean and neat and if i were to compare the housekeeping service to most hotels i stayed at in the USofA , theirs were more accomodating even though they do n't speak very good english , they 're very polite and would attend to your needs in a flash. there 's just one guy in the front desk that i think should n't be there , so cold and unwelcoming. overall , it was a great place to stay in , so yeah i recommend this hotel if u plan to visit hongkong .

this was my first time in Hong Kong. I was not the one who chose the hotel for us. I would say this is a very nice hotel but a little bit small for others ' taste especially the bathroom .

small double room but great location in busy area with shops , malls and very close to MTR short walk 10mins. Very safe area. cleaning staff was very good. room was very clean. would recommend this hotel if you like small value room. I paid $ 68CDN per night during New Years rate very good rate. MTR ride is approx. 15-20 to the TST area or HK Island. Bed was very short and shower very small .

my hubby and I were invited by our newly wed friends who were given a HK package gift from one of their relatives. We were at first hesitant on the hotel which we have to stay for according to our research it 's far from the main city. I for myself had my vacation last 2006 in one of Nathan road 's Hongkong hotel as for the rest of the group it was their first time. When we arrived , my first impression was it was a small hotel but when a I entered the room it was small as I read on reviews but it was clean and it has all the functional amenities. The room was cleaned from time to time and our things were secured. Staffs are helpful and courteous. There 's a lot of food to choose from in the breakfast buffet. The fact the hotel rate is cheap they were able to provide good service and supply needs for their guests. I 'll definitely go back to this hotel if time permits me to be in Hongkong again .

is no bad stay here..room are small but is clean.near subway station.but subway station to xim sa shui bout 25 min is far for me.will not stay there again.but is good hotel also .

i stayed here for 3 nights in November 2008. The rooms are pretty small , which was ok for me , given that I was a lone female traveller , and that Heathrow airport had conveniently lost my luggage. However , for a couple or for a prolonged stay , or if you are pretty tall , you would probably be better off staying somewhere a bit bigger .

my first trip to Hong Kong was full of anxiety. Nobody I knew can recently tell me how Hong Kong is .

i read many reviews of this hotel before chose it as my recommodation in hong kong. the first word i said when i entered the room was , &quot ; wow , the photographer has a really great technic to capture a small room into a big room ! &quot ; but pleasure its clean. the toilet is really small , especially the shower .

the hotel location is just a few mins walk away from Tsuen Wan MTR station.. room is clean and the staffs are nice.. though may not be very near to the famous ladies street in Mongkok..but MTR service is very fast ..accessible to every parts of Hongkong..there are shopping centres and food centres nearby too. .

one thing I like is the location of the hotel. It is near to the MTR and is good for new visitors who are unfamiliar to the bus routes when they want to travel to different destinations .

the rooms are tiny and so are the bathrooms. There is no wardrobe space however the location is very good for travelling round Hong Kong. It 's opposite the station and it 's only a 15minute trip into the centre of Kowloon and another 5 minutes to Hong Kong Island .

yes - the rooms are tiny. The shower is probably the smallest one in the world , and the beds are short. I 'm 5ft11 and my feet were off the end of the bed - but the width of the bed was OK for 2 people .

small rooms but cozy , cold rooms , clean , nice LCD tv mounted on wall. wifi is expensive and is n't free. elevator is soo small. but overall it 's not that bad .

if you are looking for a cheap hotel in hong kong , i recommend this hotel. if you book through their own website , they usually have half price promotions on .

my wife and I stayed in this hotel during a trip to visit her family in Tsuen Wan. On the plus side it is very convenient to the MTR station and the buffet breakfast was very enjoyable. Also we did have a nice view of the park from our window. Air con was good also .

have traveled to Hongkong before and have stayed in rooms 3x bigger than the one we stayed here in Dorsett. However , the rooms were definitely clean and bathrooms I give thumbs up .

we used this hotel as a stop over between flights from a 4 week trip to Vietnam so had BIG bags. My husband is over 6 foot tall. On arrival we noticed we seemed to cause amusement on entering our room we realised why , the bed is the room with about 18 inches to spare. Also the bed is only about 5'6' ' feet long , my husbands legs certainly extended over the end when he was laying down. The hotel is located close to bus stops the metro and a shopping centre

overall , this hotel is worth for money. The design is good , furnitures are new as it was only open in October , 2006 , staffs are quite friendly and it is strategically located .

