as many other reviews have said , the hotel rooms are quite small and minimal , but we found them quite clean and it was a good deal for the price we paid. We stayed here for 6 nights and had 3 twin rooms amongst us. There is just enough space for you to sleep comfortably and place your suitcase down. We did n't spend much time in the hotel at all because we were out most of the time anyway. The hotel was in the perfect location. It was a short walk away from Yau Ma Tei train station and the Temple Street night market was right at it 's doorstep. There are also a lot of nice cheap eats at the market. The other markets in Mong Kok were also just a stone 's throw away .

this hotel is good if you do n't want to spend a lot of money , but still have a clean place to sleep in a great location .

ok    first off , if your goin to HK for shopping like me and my g/f , you wont be in the hotel for a long time , all we need was somethere to sleep. Yes the room is on the small side , but they have everything u need... and plus its cheap... what do u expect ? ? ?

three words : WOULD NOT RECOMMEND

we stayed here for 4 nights , I found the hotel rooms modern , small and clean. We had breakfast in the hotel but it was very cold and it was not supposed to be You do however get to see a partial view of the harbour. The hotel is located about 10 minutes to the Yau Ma Tei MTR station . The hotel is at the near end of Temple St. and Nathan Road .

we choose this hotel because it was cheaper due to some recent renovations. The receptionist spoke too fast in broken English. I had to ask him several times to repeat what he was saying. The lifts were very slow. The room was tiny , the furniture oddly placed. The saving grave was the newly renovated I think Sept/Oct bathroom â € “ clean and tidy but so small. The shower is about two feet side with a shower curtain , not glass. As the hot air rises the cold air rushes in the bottom pulling the cold curtain against you. Every time you move you hit the curtain. The water from shower head falls at a very sharp angle so you have to stand with your face about six inches from the wall .

the hotel is very small but the price is reasonable for hotels in HK .

my husband and I stayed there for 3days and 2 nights. The rooms were small but it is clean. I recommend it to young couples like us. The staff were helpful and nice except for one , the lady receptionist scheduled at night ! she was snobbish to a filipina like me.. but my husband and I just ignored her and enjoyed our stay there. The hotel was very near to bus stops , mtr stations , temple street , night market , jade market , nathan road and the tin hau temple , there are lots of 7eleven around the hotel. It is also near the broadway cinemateque , yau ma tei rest garden , mcdonalds , and lots more ! you can enjoy the kowloon city and can go back easily to the hotel if you want to rest or to change clothes. The hotel is very accessible and is located at the heart of the city. We loved our stay here and will definitely go back ! =

we knew we were in trouble when the first response from reception was &quot ; we did n't realise you would have so much luggage&quot ; - my wife and I only had 1 large and 1 medium size suitcase between us ! ! To start , the hotel is misnamed because there are certainly no seaviews of any sort , just views of the washing hanging from the back windows of the aprtment complex across the road. There are only 2 very small lifts servicing 18 floors , and it was a regular occurance to have to let the lift pass three or 4 times before there was space available. The one time I decided to use the stairs they were also being used as storage space creating a fire hazard , and the stairs dumped me in a dirty back alley. The smoke-smelling room had a double bed pushed into 1 corner , leaving only 80cm yes-80cm of floor space down one side and at the foot of the bed. There was a small bedside table , but no upright table or chair of any sort. No movie chanel of any sort as advertised , and TV chanels were local commercial chanels , only one of which had any sort of regular programs in English. Mini bar is only 15cm deep , filling up when we put a bottle of milk in it. Absolutely nowhere to sit in the room other than on the bed , which created problems if one of us was sleeping while the other was awake. No storage space , drawers or closet of any sort other than a small pipe from which about 5 coathangers could be hung. Restaurant closed at 1700 every day , so was only available for breakfast and lunch. The photos on the hotel 's web site do not show a standard double room at all , and the photos of the twin rooms are deceiving because of the use of the wall mirrors giving the appearance of extra space. Lobby staff were rude and abrupt throughout. Particularly on first arrival when asking for directions anywhere we were told &quot ; just get a taxi&quot ; , and when asked where the best place was to get a taxi the roadside all around this hotel is strictly no parking and no taxi standing , and on a very busy intersection we were told &quot ; anywhere outside&quot ; . We were told the MTR railway station was nearby , but rather than give us directions we were again told to get a taxi. The station was only 5 minutes walk when we eventually found it. The hotel has only one particularly expensive internet computer which was never not even once able to provide a connection , located in a claustrophobic room smaller than a toilet on the ground floor. We looked for other hotels in the area but unfortunately they were fully booked , otherwise we would have moved out immediately .

we stayed 3 nights , and tried to get one more , but the hotel was full. Good place to sleep , but there 's nothing more with this hotel. It was good for exploring the town , few minutes walk to MTR station. There are also things to see within walking distance from the hotel. Room is very small , but enough for us and very clean every day. Only service we needed was check-in and out , and everything went smoothly .

it was a bad decision to listen to the travel agent who recommended this hotel , it was too small for a family with 2 young kids. The beds are too narrow and short even for Asians like us and are placed against the wall causing my husband to bump his head twice. The space is too small , we had 2 normal size luggages with no room to place them on and so we left them near the foot of the beds and every time we need to pass we had to move the luggages. The CR door is a sliding glass which when you open slides to the closet , my son 's foot got caught by this sliding door because as I was going out of the CR he was getting something out of the closet .

it was a great little hotel....just outside , they had a great food place that served the best beef brisket curry in the world heheheheheh

i recently spent two nights at the Seaview. What Seaview ?

i 've been travelling to Hongkong regularly and stayed at some really nice boutique hotels in Kowloon. Because its halloween , my favorite hotel was fully booked. Thus , my travel agent booked me at Dorsett Seaview. Prior to departure , I read some reviews about the hotel and majority of the travellers wrote not so nice things about the hotel-- , its rooms , service and hotel staff. Well , after staying there for 3 nights , I found the hotel rooms modern albeit small you 're in Hongkong honey , we had breakfast inside the hotel on the 18th floor and the cafeteria is small but cozy. You even get to see a partial view of the harbour. The breakfast simple but filling and was the same daily but that 's OK compared to having Mcdonalds everyday. The hotel is located about 10 minutes to the Yau Ma Tei MTR station and 1 MTR station away from fabulous Mongkok. The hotel is at the near end of Temple St. with many restos in between. For budget travellers , this hotel is a darling !

located near Yau Ma Tei MTR station , just a few minutes walk away. Temple street night market is right below thus its rather exciting at night. Walking to the Women 's street night market is n't mission impossible either as you can do window shoppings along the way .

we arrived at HK airport 6.30am and our flight to Europe not until midnight. Instead of paying high cost for a hotel near the airport or for a shower and 3hrs rest at Plaza Lounge for HK $ 450/person for 3 of us. We booked double room at this hotel so that we can have a shower , rest and spend our day seeing HK city , shopping , and food in Kowloon .

the Doorsett Seaview Hotel location is good for its price. However the service at this hotel is very POOR. During my two nights at the Dorsett the staff never smiled except for one of the housekeepers. In general the staffs make you feel unwelcome at this hotel .

we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and we are more than satisfy with the stay. It is true as many reviews we read about the tiny room so not going to elaborate any further on this. The room has everything we needed , daily cleaned room , great shower , electric kettle , safe box but no wardrobe minus point for this . I guessed the floor we stayed had been recently renovated because the room photos we saw here are different than the room we had . Another thing i would like to point out is the the bathroom sliding glass door. Even it is not a 'see through ' glass , but we can still see some shadows of those inside the bathroom. I am traveling with my partner so we are fine with that but a point to note for those traveling with friends. The hotel staffs were polite speaking relatively good English and check in/out process is fast. This hotel is at a very good location and easily to locate from the MTR Yau Ma Tei , which is just 5 - 8 minutes walk from hotel. We even used the MTR all the way from the airport to the hotel without asking any locals so i guessed it is not hard for me to find this hotel . A lot of good Chinese eateries nearby the hotel. There is McDonalds too nearby and right across the road of the hotel , there is a famous dessert shop Hui Lau Shan - famous for its mango based dessert . Temple street market and Jade street market are just beside the hotel. Ladies street market , Sport wear street market are just about 12 - 15 minutes walk along the Nathan Road. We never take the breakfast at the hotel so no comment on that as there are too many choices outside the hotel. Definitely worth every cents we paid for .

our travel agent booked us to this hotel without idea about the hotel .

this Hotel is well located and you stepped outside of it right into the markets. The night life outside of the hotel was vibrant and alive. I loved Hong Kong and would recommend visiting to anyone. My review has been made bias though because I had the company of my beautiful girlfriend and If I had been on my own my enjoyment of staying here might not have been as great. But even on my own I think this hotel would have given me a good place to sleep and have as a place to travel from everyday to go and explore the city. There are tube stations close by and if you have the energy you can walk to lots of places of interest. Right outside a few steps away you have the Jade market. And if you go down at night you walk straight into the night market. One word to sum up my time spent in Hong Kong is Wahaha : D Sorry you would n't understand unless you were there x

the tour actually stated that we would be off to Dorsett Far East Hotel but since the whole place had been booked [ that 's what they told us ] , the company did another arrangement and had sent us here instead. The receptionist was simply civil and only one attendant helped us carry our luggage. The hotel was really tall , but ideally it was rather skimpy. But what amazed me the most was how really small the room was. Do I need to add the bathroom too ? ! We just came from Macau and unfortunately our room in HK was like 5x smaller than our room back in Macau ! It was like..wow. Is this really HK ? ! Well of course were traveling on a budget but I seriously did n't thought it would be that small. But anyway , their one-day McDonald 's coupon was fun [ which was a block away from the hotel ] and yeah..their ham servings for their buffet breakfast was pretty bland or maybe that 's just how they cook it .

wanting to get the most out of our trip to Hong Kong more tours and activities , we scrimped on the hotel. We figured we were n't going to spend that much time the hotel to begin with. It was a bad decision .

we stayed at this hotel for our Hong Kong tour June 11 to June 14 , but it was not really our choice since it was the travel agent that booked us at this hotel. The room was very small , and i was quite amaze how they are able to fit a tub in such a small space. The hotel place is very close to night markets and convenience store. Do not be fooled however with the hotel &quot ; seaview&quot ; as there is none plus the front desk staff is not so accomodating. If ever i visit Hk again , definitely i will ask my travel agent to booked me in another hotel .

we were traveling in a group of 3s and checked in the hotel promptly. We got a room on the 2nd floor for triples and we were very shocked beyond words when we got in. There were hardly space for 1 person to walk through , let alone 3. Neon green light in the toilet , with NO TOILET LOCK. There is also no wall btw room and toilet. All there is is a masked glass panel which means you can see the shape of someone 's body when they bathe and whats not. Obviously a room for those who are looking for mates to spend the night with romantically .

this hotel was a disappointment. the rooms were extremely small with NO storage space for clothes or even a suite case. The bathroom was as small as an airplane 's. The room and the entire hotel was filthy. The lobby was filled with netted luggage and people sitting on the floor there were no couches or chairs , since it was so small . The buffet was pretty inadequate. It was an embarrassment to bring my family to this hotel in Hong Kong .

we chose this hotel for one night in Kowloon due to the reviews and the price. We had read that the rooms were small â € “ but we were not quite ready as to how small it really was. Two of us could hardly fit into the room at the same time , certainly not in the bathroom. The bed was also very small , crammed against the wall. The amenities were fine tough. Soundproofing was not great. Television had only one English language station. The carpet in the room was stained and looked unclean .

generally speaking , it seems that HK nationals are not courteous by nature. I experienced it first hand from the people I met in MTR , Ferry station , shops and even from the hotel 's staff. Good thing about our stay was the cold weather and the good location of the hotel. Other than that , it was just so-so. Nevertheless , I would still recommend this place. But if you have other options , make this least of your options .

the hotel is located near the shopping district and is very accessible. Its just a 5-minute walk to the Yau Ma Tei MTR Station. The rooms are a bit small and can only accommodate 2 persons. It also includes breakfast coupons in McDonalds. Hotel Staff are accommodating. I recommend this hotel for people who will travel to Hong Kong .

the other reviews have this place pretty right. The location is good , not Hong Kong island but good for Kowloon. The rates were very reasonable again considering where you are. The rooms are teeny , put you bag down and you struggle to have room for anything else. Our bathroom was similarly sized but had the necessary .

this is a very small small room .

damn , I expected that it would be small what else do you expect in hong kong but seriously... the room that we stayed was advertised for atleast 4 people room , hell,.. it was like for 1 , and you have to be size 0 to be able to manouver in that crappy room... it was dirty , the bathroom looks really really old and not cleaned for weeks... the bed/mattress was really hard... and they have a curtain... a freaking curtain to cover the windows , its not even thick enough to let the sunlight in... it was like those you can buy for $ 1 hong kong dollar , it was that crap.. .

during our first visit to Hong Kong , we stayed at this hotel from 4th to 8th January 2009. Despite some negative reviews of this hotel on this website , we went ahead to book this hotel online because the price of the Standard room they offered for the period we wanted was suitable for our budget and the location is in the centre of Kowloon area and very near to Yau Ma Tei MTR. Also it is near Nathan road , so taking Airport bus A21 will not be a problem to reach the hotel. We had no difficulty on finding the hotel after alighting the bus .

stay during Dec 08 for 5 night .

i reviewed this Hotel from my stay in Oct 2005. We visited HK again 3 years later , this time in Nov 2008. My wife and I both in our 30s stayed here from Nov 5-Nov 13. We picked it again since we liked the location of the place .

we were told by brochures etc and in photos that this was a great hotel..the first thing is we booked a non smoking double and got a smoking twin..ok so we stayed the first night as they did not understand much english at the front desk. Second day we were given a non smoking room double..it was smaller than my bathroom and we could not move in the room without one person sitting the bed..the television was so high up and close to the head of the bed as the room was small could not see it without tilting head back. Toilet did not work and bathroom was old and grotty .

i stayed for 4 nights and seriously did not enjoy it. Room is just too minuscule and service is not very kind. Do n't know what kind of person would design a hotel room like that and think that a guess would feel good. I need at least room to place my bags , and there was not any. Basically you need to sleep hugging your luggage. It is well located though. But the vecinity is not the best .

yes , the room is small If you 're taller than 5&quot ; 4 ' , your feet will hang on the edge ! bath is tiny but shower works perfectly .

the room was terrible. It was so small. Bathroom totaly disappointed. Location was good. near temple street but I definitely will not stay here again. :

we stayed at this hotel sept 7-10 , i think for all the reviews here posted it was the same for us , very tiny rooms , but good location. and it was clean. the only thing that gets me is that the front desk people are not smilling and are a bit rude..... i think they lack customer service training , but the housekeepers were all nice... .

i went there last October with 4 other friends. Hotel is small and old. But location is good .

i booked through the hotel 's website and when me and my friend arrived for check in , they only recognized that I have a confirmed booking. The person at the front desk is named Elle and she was n't even smiling and she talked so fast , we had to ask again what she said. We arrived early because of our flight and through email , we were advised that we can drop our bags and just go back in time for the check in time at 2PM. When she began doing the usual check-in process , she did n't inform us that she 's already doing it.. she just borrowed our passports and my credit card and had it verified. I asked her again , what she is doing. We only tried to verify our reservations. We were worried that she might charge us with an early check-in charge. She said that she only verified the card. I said that it has adequate amount to pay for the hotel. I only want her to clarify with me what she is doing. She 's talking so fast that I gave up. I made her an assurance that our rooms will be ready by the time we get back .

i had booked 3 nights stay in this hotel via a travel agency in Singapore. The price is ok for a tourist 3 star hotel .

before we booked for the hotel , read many negative reviews on the size of the hotel. However , we chose this hotel due to the feedback on the location of the hotel .

'just came home from a business trip in Hongkong. We stayed here at the Dorsett Seaview fo the reason that it is one of the in demand hotel from my clients. Though i 'm a travel agent/tour organizer in the Philippines , i never got the chance in staying here. The rooms were small but one thing i was impresses is the cleanliness and affordable price of this hotel. Considering that i have a business meeting and did not stay too much with the hotel , I could say Dorsett Seaview is a pretty much a good option. Also , flight schedule monitor is very recognizable at the lobby , in which case making it a hassle free one for its patron. The location is also an asset. situated near the night market and MTR station . Friendly tip : bring your own umbrella ! My dad borrowed umbrella and the front desk officer were very rude and told us &quot ; you buy ! &quot ; . We were thankful he 's front desk officer not in the Philippines. Otherwise , he 'll expect some trouble and body aches. Kudos to the management of Dorsett Seaview for a job well done except to that guy... here 's my message : please do not come to the Philippines and something bad will hapen to you .

like many reviewers have posted before the rooms are extremely small so therefore if you 're looking for a regular to big size hotel room it is not ideal. Then again when you go to Hong Kong you are not going to be staying at the Hotel , so you basically just need a place to sleep which is excellent. The room was always clean and the service from the front desk was excellent. Literally 5 minutes away from Yau Ma Tei MTR station , and really close to the police station , mcdonalds , many amazing restaurants , footsteps away from Temple Street and Nathan Road. This was the best place in regards to location which is excellent , cost , and quality. For those travellers who are taller , it may be difficult to stay here because Im 5'9 and I just fit on the bed length wise , so if you are over 5'9 be prepared to have your feet hang over the bed. Other then the size of the room I have no other complaints. I will defintely go back to this hotel due to its location and price .

just came back from HK yesterday.. The country was excellent , with tons of things to eat , shop and see.. The hotel Dorsett Seaview we stayed in were alright to us althought the negative feekback from other travellers. I agreed that the room was really small , but the location was good. The service of the front office personnel is also not bad. Nt a bad choice if you are trying a hotel at the area .

this hotel is just a 5 minutes walk away from Yau Ma Tei MTR , and a 30 second walk from the famed main streeet : Nathan Road ! Hence its location allows you to explore the entire stretch of Nathan Road , including Mongkok , Jordan , Woman 's Market , Temple Street on foot. The police station is also located right across the street hence making it a very safe place to stay in. It has numerous eateries around the hotel which operated till late at night. The reception is professional and polite .

the night market is right outside the hotel. The surrounding area is great , a short walk to the MTR and great location .

if you are on budget this is the place ; although I must admit the hotel rooms are pretty small- no way a couple can walk without brushing shoulders. As mentioned by other reviewers you might find the tv is oddly positioned if you need to watch due to jetlag , etc or you are trapped in the hotel like me due to the monsoon . It is possible to suffer backaches from sleeping in the soft bed. However generally the room is considered clean. Another plus point , the staff are patient and helpful .

overall - average missing out on above average. Ideal for short stays - maximum 10 days. Ideal for independent tourists who are not bothered about mini bars or perks. 6 out of 10. I have been to Hong Kong 15 times and with the right changes - asthetically inside and outside uninviting this hotel has great potential for any owner AND for visitors .

from the outside , you can sense that this hotel is pretty grim on the inside. The ground floor reception looks reasonable enough but the rooms are dreadful. Not only are they small with beds pushed alongside the walls , the wallpaper was peeling off , stained and gone off colour. A 14&quot ; colour TV positioned in one corner , very little space to move around .

if you like night markets , and buying in bargains.. you may consider dorset , but... with your bags plus additional items to be placed inside your dorsett room i do n't think it will fit in ....the room is very small... if its your first time in hongkong , just try other hotel like bp intl or stanford hillview but not dorsett... or else you will be disappointed .

the hotel is really small , but this is expected as most of the hotels in Hong Kong have small rooms. Location is really good , minutes of walk away from the Yau Ma Tei MTR. Good food around especially during the night time - claypot rice , mantis prawn , dim sum , fried oyster cake etc... Temple St. is just right down there where there 's a night market every night. Convenient , 7-11 is just a minute walk away. Room is quite old , but not as bad as i expected. Not very clean , not dirty either. However , i would advise the travellers not to get a room with double bed. Get a twin bed instead because the double is really small , and hard. Good for budget tourists / backpackers who do n't really spend time in the room except for shower and sleep .

hongkong hotels are all basically pretty expensive and small but Dorsett Seaview was really extreme ! There was no space to walk and there is only a small bed and tv. But at least you can sleep in it and bathe in it , but there are definitely much better deals out there ! If you do not intend to spend much time in the hotel then maybe you would n't mind its minute size but its still not worth it ! And of course there is no sea view , just some roads maybe .

i want to report that this hotel was ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE. I paid $ US180 for a room which should have cost no more than $ US80 at the most. On arrival at the hotel , there was a sign out the front offering rooms for $ HK398 ! ! ! There was no one to help with the bags. I complained about the room , but all rooms are the same .

my friend and I stayed at the Dorsett Seaview Hotel for 3 nights. It was a comfortable stay because the hotel was conveniently located near a MTR station. It was right in the middle of everywhere and if you 're not too scared of walking , you can go through the whole Nathan road and enjoy the shops that line the road .

the Hotel was indeed small , as I expected it to be. But luckily , our rooms were ok...clean , no foul smell , cold thermostat is adjustable anyway . There were bathrooms with showers , there are those with tubs. Avoid the tubs if you are tall coz the attached shower is quite low. There were only two elevators and I found no stairs except for the emergency probably. Since my family were placed in the 2nd and 3rd floors only , it would have been better to take the stairs sometimes if they were available to avoid the wait. Considering the affordable price , it was really worth it and the location is good , too .

stayed here last week of April , for 3 nights... Wanted somewhere close to transport trains , and around the shopping district. Good news is that the Night Markets are RIGHT OUTSIDE the hotel , and Nathan Road is literally a stones throw away. Plus the trains are about a 3-5 minute walk up the road .

ok                                                                       . where do i start , maybe the tiny room where you cant even leave your bag outside the tiny wardrobe ? or shoudl i start with teh stained bathroom/toilet ? how about the bedroom itself...with the peeling off wallpaper and the stained , i mean really dirty stained curtains that you would not want to touch without gloves or disinfectant ? maybe i wont even bother with the carpet !

this is the letter i wrote to the manager :

ok so we were prepared for a small room having read the reviews , but as the man said this is Hong Kong... Although the room is small , and i mean tiny , it was on the whole clean and functional. Basic amenities included , i.e tea./coffee maker , tv etc. Even smaller en suite attached. Reception staff could perhaps be a little more jolly but were at least attentive during check out .

was the smallest room i have ever stayed .I wil never go there again ,it was like a coffin i felt sufforcated and the room was not clean we stayed only 1 night was booked for 4 but moved to the kowlon instead alot better

an excellent little hotel - part of Hong Kong 's Dorsett Group and better than its sister hotel Dorsett Olympic that I have previously stayed in .

smallest place I have ever seen. So small two people and two bags didnt fit. The restaurant which looks good in their pictures is nothing like it with food not only horrible but strange. The bed which felt like an ironing board gave me back problems for the 10 day stay. The service overall was average. Location is good but thats about it .

it was one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in !

after viewing the hotel 's website but not reading Tripadvisor at the same time for past guest 's views and noting the good location , we decided to stay at The Dorsett Seaview Hotel as part of the last leg of our journey .

i was there along with my fiancee in the month of October. The room was so small that we felt suffocated. It was cramped up with the twin bed , side table , main table with a small TV on it. Dont think of spending 90HKD and watching one of the movies. Its not worth it. Did i say carry your laptop ? Oh , incase if you are running short on your digital camera space and want to download the pictures onto your flashdrive , dont try the business center. A very small room , with one PC Running Windows 98 . Was a nightmare. Happened to go to their Karaoke ? The place is reserved after 9pm for their gambling stuff. No tables can be occupied after 9pm. Location is good , but if you want to try chinese food , please stay away from those restaurants. McDonalds is walkable distance , with tasteless food. Gosh , terrible stay altogether. Only best part was when we were out of the hotel , moving in city.Receptionist at the hotel cant speak in proper english. You can not change the rooms. Elevators 2 in no. are small. By the way , i could not have any view of the sea from any of their floors. Why is it called Seaview ? ? Yau Ma Tei is flooded with lot of hotels , and with our experience , no more Dorsett. My fiancee almost broke up with me , coz of the hotel. We would not want to go back to Hong Kong just coz of this living experience. All the best to folks who wud want to spend and live in Dorsett .

hotel rooms very small , but hey you 're only sleeping there. Great location near to Temple Street Markets. Staff were helpful , no complaints. The bar on the top floor was enlightening and hence we drank out most evenings. We only stayed for 2 nights and felt the hotel met our requirements as a cheap hotel in a good location .

it is very hard to think anything good about this &quot ; hotel&quot ; . Rooms are so small that you can barely open your luggage there. If you are smoker you will love the place since you can enjoy the smoke of your neighbours , but maybe that is just how the air conditioning is supposed to work. Seaview Lounge , which is the hotel 's notorious restaurant , only sells some greasy substance which they call food. But if you want to see as much Hong Kong as possible during your vacation maybe this hotel is then good choice since you wo n't spend your valuable holiday laying in the hotel room .

what can I explain for this hotel ? So Small , Dirty , Old ,very thin wall so we can hear everything from the other room and liltle smell in the bathroom. So may be the hostel will be better than this hotel .

i stayed at Dorsett Seaview along with a group of three other friends from the 11th-13th July and from 14th-18th July. The night of the 13th , we spent in China. :

my husband , mom and sister stayed at this hotel for three nights. If it were not inconvenient for my mom to transfer to another hotel , I would have transferred right away ! The rooms were very small. There was no closet to hang our clothes. There was a tiny desk but the telephone took up most of its space ! When we were in the toilet , we had to make sure that the door was locked otherwise we we would have been injured if someone opened it. On the other hand , the rooms were clean. The staff was courteous. The location is ok if you are into night markets. Its near the mtr stations too .

stayed at Dorsett Seaview Hotel for 5 nights last week. Jan 06

we chose the Dorsett Seaview because the price was right and our last minute trip to Hong Kong during October 's Canton Trade Show left few options. I liked the fact that it was a distance from the craziness of Tsim Sha Tsui but , being only two subway stops away , was close enough to the Star Ferry and other services. Its proximity to the Jade Market and Temple Street Night Market interested me .

this hotel is only a few blocks from the subway &amp ; night market. The room itself is clean but small with outdated furnishings , especially the bathroom. Housekeeper is quite stingy with toilet paper as sometimes we 'd only get half a roll. We requested for a Non-Smoking room , but all room reeks of smoke. In terms of the hotel 's breakfast buffet , the food is not impressive. What 's worse , the coffee shop is small &amp ; it allows smoking , so every morning while eating breakfast , we 'd have to deal with smokers right on the next table. Most of the clients of this hotel are people from mainland China who smokes like chimney , so I 'd suggest to get your breakfast elsewhere .

