the hotel is a standard 3 star within 15 minutes to 2 different stations but after a long day this can be a bit sore on the feet. They have an hourly shuttle to their other hotel which is near the night market which is a good idea to take. Overall 3 days there was a bit too much. Yes rooms are small but they are clean and staff are friendly. We got the price online very cheap for about 40 bucks Canadian a night which is hard to beat in Hong Kong. If you are a walker then go for it because we walked for hours. I would not pay the full price for them though , I only booked it because it was 10 bucks more than a guest house .

if you are only looking for cheap rooms , you can get one for under 500 HKD , but almost everything else is not worth the saving .

i stayed with my partner at the Dorsett Kowloon for 2 weeks , our room was n't spacious but was comfortable. It was on the7th floor and had good views , the room had amenities like a kettle , tv , fridge and air con .

we have booked this hotel from a hotel website &amp ; got the best price. The area of hotel is actually in mongkok , Named Dorsett Kowloon may mislead you as it is in kowloon. The surrounding of hotel is dirty &amp ; nothing available at doorstep. Far from the places of interests .

great hotel , reception staff were a little frosty but provided an efficient service when requested the housekeeping staff on the other hand were much friendlier .

there is no standard at all from Dorsett Hotel. I came to hotel via taxi and the doorman has already seen me that im carrying a heavy bag but wht he did is just watch me. system is not accurate , no one explains as well the fire exit and even the features of the room. internet are connection is too expensive to think its only three star hotel. Even no considerartion for a wiser price of late check out 330 minimum Late check out charge is expensive becaause there is no satisfaction at all. They actually should give a consideration because the location of the hotel is too bad wherein you can only see buildings around you with old ac attached. staff are not friendly and helpfull. except one butler who opens the lift for the guest and even assistance in the room. Im workin in a five star hotel. and 3 star hotel should have a set of goal and satndard to meet the satisfaction of the guest. for them to get a repeat guest .

i 'm travelling with my husband and arrives in HK pretty late around 11pm .

the hotel is neat and clean. The staff was very pleasant and of helping nature. They maintained our room neat and clean. It was a small room but we enjoyed the stay .

stayed here for the Chinese New Yr celebration , got really good rates , front desk right away accommodated me to avail rm despite being early. Really tiny rm but I was single traveler , so it was okay. Room smelled fresh/clean and so was tiny bthrm. All amenities were present , good use of space. Location a good 10-15 minute walk to train , not that near as they describe , and one should be really sharp about map or orientation. I took the bus from airport to Yau Ma Tei and took a cab which was supposed to be a 10 minute ride. Cab pretended he did not know area and play-acted by taking out book with maps and locations. Ended up playing double what should be rate. I am seasoned traveler , work for an international airline , and besides could blend in HongKong so I do not at all look green , but watch out for scams like this. Be very clear of route and map before getting in cab , if you can help it. Breakfast buffet at hotel was really good and reasonable and so was lunch. There is a shuttle that can bring guests to train stop as well as to Airport Express Train Station in Kowloon. Front desk was professional , but friendly and helpful ... I would stay here again .

yes yes the rooms are small... but like the budgie , it 's cheap .

we booked for the first 2 nights of our visit to HK because it was sold out afterwards , we moved to the Hotel Benito , which was far better in every single way , and was more or less the same price. Dorsett was very very noisy. I would not return to Dorsett Kowloon nor recommend , it was fine , but not a hidden gem .

myself and my girlfriend stayed in this hotel for 4 nights at beginning of march. we read a lot of reviews on tripadvisor beforehand and they were very helpful. the rooms are small but we didnt mind as we mainly used the hotel as a base to go off and do things around hong kong. it worked well as a base , it was about a 5 minute walk from olypmic MTR station and about 10 mins from mong kok mtr. which makes it ideal for nathan road and the night markets of kowloon .

this must be the best value in Hong Kong. The room is small but it is clean and well furbished - nothing tatty as is so often the case with smaller , cheaper hotels. The staff housekeeping and concierge was polite and very professional. The location initially seems a bit far from the hustle and bustle but , once you 've mapped your shortest route to Nathan Rd. , you are only 10 mins. brisk walking away from all the fabulous shopping in Mong Kok. For what I paid for my accommodation , I think this place is fabulous. The buffet breakfast at HK $ 45 compares favourably to places where I 've paid 2-3 times that for breakfast in HK. If you need a bigger room with al the other facilities , go and pay for it ! ! The room was very quiet , unlike rooms I 've stayed in in expensive hotels where the street noise was audible .

negative comments :

i stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We choose this hotel because it was the cheapest in town area .

we stayed in the basic double room. It is a pleasant stay as everything is clean , new and comfortable. The only downside is that the room is quite small as are the single beds. I am 5'5&quot ; and my feet dangled off the bed a little , if you are shorter than this you should be fine .

we stayed here march of last year and decided to stay here again this year. Although the rooms are a bit small , it was cheap around HK $ 400 + a night , and just a few minutes walk to Olympic MTR Station. They also have a free shuttle service to Airport Express Kowloon Station and to Mong Kok .

i stayed at Dorsett Olympic in mid January 2008 with a girlfriend , we decided to go for the cheaper option and took a bus from the airport , it was a struggle to communicate with the driver in regards to what stop to get off at. But we managed with a bit of luck and some english speaking locals , its quite convenient if you know what stop to get off , its only 1 bus which takes about 40 - 45 minutes from the airport , you get off and walk underground to cross road and its about 5 minutes walk from the bus stop. But unfortunately the MTR is a bit further away about 10 - 15 minutes to mong kok .

although not located in the middle of the shopping districts , it 's still very accessible through the MTR and the FREE shuttle service to and from the airport express , and other strategic locations. Rooms are small , but very clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly too. There 's a McDonald 's and a shopping mall nearby , and the MTR is walking distance. Will definitely book here again

friendly staff and very clean rooms ! Yes , the rooms are on the small size , however it 's all you need while in Hong Kong. Free shuttle service to MTR station and other Dorsett Hotel close walking distance to markets ! . McDonalds and 7-eleven 1 block away. Breakfast was very nice !

this is a low to mid budget hotel located probably in one of the most congested and overcrowded parts of the planet. That said , the staff are extremely helpful , and the rooms are clean .

i did alot of research before deciding to stay in this hotel. did n't have much expectation but hotel ended up doing better than expected. room is quite small , but adequate for 1-2 persons. hotel room is clean , they take their cleaning/house keeping seriously. fresh towel everyday. new bedding if requested. A/C is cold but is adjustable in room. staff ok friendly but only helpful when needed. the housekeeping staff tend to be more courteous than the front desk staff , thou they do n't speak fluent english they will greet you &amp ; make you feel like home. the hotel is in a older side of hong kong , but it 's very urban. there 's a 7-11 located around the corner with mini + bus stops. walking distance to Nathan Road , about 10-15 mins. overall condition of the hotel is satifactory. they also offer luggage storage for travellers w/ flights after the check out time. i will stay there again .

very nice hotel near the center of Hong Kong. Olympic MTR metro station is a 5-7 minute walk but is n't on the most useful HK transit line Taxis are very cheap though ; e.g. Dorsett to Kowloon center Tsim Sha Tsui : 35 $ HK = 3 â ‚ ¬ .

i stayed here for four nights in March. I thought the room was great - clean , light and modern. Ok , so my feet were hanging over the end of the bed I 'm 5'10 but I got used to it. The people on the front desk were very helpful .

okay                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             . It was small , but it was clean. For me , clean trumps big. some friends of ours stayed at another hotel the imperial and it was more like a western hotel , the lobby was clean , but the room was old and moldy. the dorsett olympic was clean , quaint , and quiet. it was near shopping areas and the train station was right around the corner. and hong kong has one of the most comprehensive train systems i 've ever seen. we were only there 4 days and by the time we left i felt like a pro on the subway. as long as you know what station you want to go to you 'll have no problem getting to where you need to be. the only bad thing about the dorsett was the &quot ; buffet&quot ; . it was supposed to be a western style breakfast buffet , but it was a nasty collection of snack food and odd sides. i mean like hot dogs , dumplings , croissants , baked beans , and spam. certainly not worth the price. but no fear. if you want something a little more like breakfast there 's a mcdonalds right around the corner and they have sausage mcmuffins. other than that i have no complaints. the beds were slightly smaller than what we call a twin bed in america and at 5'3&quot ; if i scooched down too low my feet hung off the bed , but my hubby 's 6 ' 1&quot ; and he had no complaints about his bed. it was a fun way to experience a little bit of asian living. think and live simple and small .

the pictures you see are of a &quot ; Standard Room&quot ; on the 19th floor. Unfortunately I had booked a &quot ; KING&quot ; room , and ended up being given a twin room instead. The check in process was enjoyable , the people very polite. I arrived however at 9 : 15pm and was starving. Front desk told me last order allowed is at 9 : 30. When I called to order , they told me &quot ; Sorry were closed&quot ; , a half hour early .

based on the limited information in earlier reviews , I was pleasantly surprised with my stay at the Dorsett. Yes , the beds are very firm , and the rooms very small and the air conditioning does not seem to have a heating option. On the other hand.. .

my girlfriend and I stayed here 4 nights. Although the rooms are small , like almost all in HK , they are well equipped and above all very clean. It takes about two minutes to walk via Olympic station , which is easy to get to from the airport via a change at Tsing Yi. Although it takes 10 minutes to walk to Nathan Road , we enjoyed the fact we were away from the craziness. Breakfast was a buffet affair mixing Cantonese and Western. A vending machine in the lobby was handy takes octopus card too as it is loads cheaper than the minibar !

i was n't sure what to expect when I got to this hotel. I had heard it was very small and also it was new. Other than that I did n't know what I would find .

we stayed here for 3 nights split up with a side trip in between. We were newly arrived from America and wondering the streets looking for the hotel. The hotel is set a few feet off the street with no big signage to guide the way. Note to hotel : allowing guests to find the hotel is a good idea ! You can literally be standing at the shop next to the hotel and not at all tell that the hotel is there !

my bf and I stayed for 5 days in Nov 2007. We booked the room through our travel agent , only to realized there are 2 single beds instead of a queen size bed. Requested to change room but was told the hotel was fully booked , so we had to move the 2 beds together. And every morning , the housekeeper will move them back to their original place and we 'd had to do the moving all over again .

let me start by saying we were looking for a hotel that was &quot ; good enough&quot ; and that 's what we found. My partner and I were visiting Hong Kong on a weekend , when hotel prices seem to go through the roof. After spending a lot of time reading reviews and looking at prices , we concluded the Dorsett Olympic appeared to provide a good balance between price and quality .

the overall stay at Dorsett olympic is quite a nice one.. in terms of cleanliness... it is good.. nice chamberlady.. and clean n cosy furnishing. in terms of location.. although it is not near the main nathan road , taking a cab down to Mongkok is only less than HKD 20. Also , it is 5 min walk from Olympic Station which is along Tung Ching line. So location wise should n't deter one from choosing Dorsett Olympic Hotel. Overall , the staffs are quite friendly , with nice staffs opening the door or pressing the door lift for you .

the room was small as expected , but it had everything we needed so it was good value. The dining room was limited and did not give us a full breakfast. The &quot ; PC with Internet access&quot ; as advertised was non existant .

i stayed for a week while attend an event at the Hong Kong Expo .

the rooms are rather small but I was well prepared for that since I have checked up on it on a few travel websites including trip advisor . However there was a lack of storage space since the closet is really small. Recommend to book a double room as its bigger than a twin room since price is same . Even the closet and toilet seems bigger in the double room. Location wise , it is definitely not your touristy area and it looks like it was situated in this metal industrial area. But that was still bearable since it was n't particularly noisy or anything. It was about 10 mins from the main shopping area of Kowloon and maybe 20 mins from Tsim Sha Tsui , hence will really require a lot of walking or cab rides. Staff are not exactly very courteous but you can still live with that. I would n't mind staying there again as the room is really clean and neat and its value for money ; it cost less than $ 100 per night .

i and 3 friends were staying in the Dorsett Olympic on 11-18 August 2007 for holiday. The room is quite small but adequate for two persons , the bed is only 1.8 m long so if you more than 1.7 m this could be a problem. The room is very clean and bright so the bathroom. The nearest MTR is Olympic which is about 10 minutes walk but you can always catch the hotel shuttle bus to the pioner center than to MTR Prince Edward which is only 1 block away from the drop off point. There are two seven eleven shops and one park n shop near the hotel less than 5 minutes walk . I also have a friend who stay in Dorsett Olympic for 1 day then move to Dorsett Seaview because Olympic is full. According to him , Dorsett Olympic is better than Dorsett Seaview while Seaview cost more than Olympic , the room are more modern and cleaner at Olympic. For its price , I think Dorsett Olympic is excellent

what draws the most attention to this hotel is that it is the cleanest and newest building in the area... I would agree that the area is a bit old and not very pleasant looking , but that 's HK. The room is TINY , but once again : that 's HK .

i stayed in the Dorsett Olympic Hotel for a week. Overall I really liked this hotel. The rooms are small but it 's Hong Kong , you ca n't expect to get a very large room at a reasonable price. As a solo female traveller I felt the room was small but nice and cozy. Another reviewer commented that this hotel is located in a total slum. It is true that the area surrounding the hotel is not very visual appealing. But a lot of areas in Hong Kong look a little run down but are perfectly safe. As a solo female and often very paranoid traveller i felt safe walking from the hotel to Olympic station since it is literally only a 5 min walk. However at night past 10 : 30 pm i took taxis just to be a little extra cautious .

we stayed here June 14-16 , 2007 and I would say this is a good and nice hotel for its price. We were able to get a good rate 400hkd per day for a twin room. The room is very clean and well organized despite the fact that it is small. Staff speak good english , and they are very polite and accommodating .

stayed here the first week of December 06 for two days. Being a big man 6ft4 230pounds ex rugby player , i found the room to be very small. i had double room with two single beds for me and a buddy of mine. It was rather claustraphobic , there was really no space to manouvre. The room was clean and the beddings were made up everyday. The bathroom is tiny. The guy at the reception was good though. He gave us maps and was always on hand to help if we had any questions .

i went to Hong Kong to see a friend who was there for a study abroad program. I stayed a week and I must say this place is such a great place to stay. Room and bathroom were small but that 's ok. There was a TV with 2 english channels on it , the beds were nice , and the place as a whole made up for it greatly. There was excellent service at the front desk and they made it so easy for me with the english they spoke very well. Shuttle was always on time and the maid tidied up the room every day. Bellman will push the elevator button for you and direct you out to the shuttle bus when it arrived. If I had any shopping , direction , or nightlife question they were always helpful by pulling out a map and pointing out all they knew which was alot .They called taxis for me one time the guest service guy went all the way up the road just to flag one down for me ! I was so very pleased with my stay and would stay there over and over again. Be careful , though , It 's in Olympic City which is not an area where many other westerners stay. The place is still VERY safe , and was never in any worry that anything would be stolen. I was pretty much the only westerner at the hotel. But a 5 min. shuttle ride will get you to an MTR metro station which will open the doors to anywhere you want to go in Kowloon or Hong Kong Island. It 's SUPER cheap ! So are the taxis , but more expensive than the MTR .

stayed in this hotel in April 2007 for 2 nights,got there by Metro and got off at the station Olympic.Was not a good idea with big luggage as it took 10 mins walk.We had twin rm 1601,which looked exactly the same as the photo published.Yes,small,it is Hong Kong , and I just paid 50 â ‚ ¬ /night &amp ; I ca n't expect a 50sq.m. room.I got what I paid for.New , nice &amp ; clean room.Not good situated for tourists but the hotel provides shuttle bus service to Mongkok,Kowloon Station &amp ; Temple Street once every hour.Even by taxi to Mongkok it is just a few minute drive &amp ; cheap. The service people Front desk,housekeeping &amp ; concierge were all very nice &amp ; helpful

i stayed in this hotel for a total of 10 days in between I left for a short trip to Korea . The service at the front desk was excellent. The day when we checked in , the receptionist gave us an option to check out the double bedroom and twin bedroom to decide which one we liked. The room size is a little small compared to other north america countries , but this is a normal size in HongKong. We stayed in a room at 12th floor. The room is very clean and decent with some tasteful decoration. There is a in-room safe where you can keep your valuable. The free shuttle bus service is excellent. Each hour sharp from 8am - 10pm , the first stop is Pioneer Centre MTR station - Prince Edward , second stop is Dorsette Seaview Hotel MTR station - Yau Ma Tai , third stop is Kowloon MTR station directly attach to airport express line . However , if you do n't take the shuttle bus , walking distance to the MTR station is approximately 12 minutes to MongKok station E exit . There are in fact some minivans and bus stop in the area , you just have to find out if the route suit you. Everyone in the hotel is very courteous and helpful , always have smile on their face. The hotel restaurant has a very modern design , on the second floor .

a tall thin building close to Hong Kong 's most crowded area , Mongkok. Nevertheless , conveniently placed for the airport , Kowloon and Central as it has two MTR stations very close by .

my BF and I stayed at the Dorsett for 3 weeks. First impressions of the hotel is that it was nicely decorated , but rooms on the small side. The view on the 13th floor , wasnt exactly spectacular but It was clean and service was good but found the staff did not speak english as fluently as i expected. Not situated in the best of areas as it was quite a walk to Mong Kok station , esp when its 30 celcius ! Great shopping in Mong kok and Nathan Road which were close by and lots of different attractions only a few stops away. Hotel best suited to people who dont intend to stay in their room for the duration of their stay. Noise levels were to a minimum , no street noise , got peaceful nights sleep 99.9 % of the time , maids usually got their hoover out early and the doors were n't exactly noise proof. Overall , pleasant , but would not stay here again .

we stayed a couple of weeks in HK in Dec 2006 and

i stayed here for 4 nights and found it convenient and comfortable. The staff was a little abrupt but efficient. The room was clean. It felt a little on the small size but still adequate. The location was excellent being very close the Olympic MTR and taxis frequently passed by at the street corner 1 block away. The street is quiet at night. I ate at the hotel cafe once and it was nothing spectacular but is an ok option if you 're too tired to go out. It was one of the best budget hotels I 've stayed in .

we stayed in the Dorsett Olympic for 8 days in November and would recommend it as a relatively cheap stay. It appears to have recently been refurbished and d Ã © cor and bathroom fittings were all of a good standard â € “ fresh and clean. The rooms are small but adequate and ours on the 13th non-smoking floor even had a view out to the harbour. The house-keeping service was excellent â € “ very prompt at lending us plugs and computer cables etc. Staff seemed to have good English skills .

stayed at the Dorsette Olympic Hotel last March and thought it was a great hotel , overall .

