we were very impressed with the service , staff , everything about this Hotel .

we used Priceline.com and got a good price for Eaton Hotel for our four-day stay in Hong Kong. The hotel is conveniently located on Nathan Road , about a 5-minute stroll from the Jordan St. MTR subway station. Plenty of familiar stores nearby.... a 7-11 across the street and a Starbucks and McDonald 's 30 seconds away so you wo n't feel too far from home .

nice and neat hotel conveniently located off Nathan road. Do not expect big rooms , because you are in Hong Kong. But the rooms have nice setup and are pretty clean. It has easy access to subway , restaurants , and shopping places .

we stayed for 2 nights on the way back to UK from New Zealand. We have gone out via Hong Kong and stayed in Mongkok. I much preferred the Jordan area. There is more sophistocated shopping , easier access to the waterfront and HK Island , plus a large park nearby for when you feel the need to get away from the crazy stuff. Lots of restaurants around but not much in the way of bars - the way Brits think of a bar , that is. Beer seems to be expensive in HK , even in hawker type places .

we had a fabulous 4 days at the Eaton. It is ideally located within a short walk of at least two of the major market areas and the Jordan MTR underground , so getting to other areas is a breeze. The hotel 's rooms are on the smallish side we had an adjoining room which helped , however they are comfortable , clean and well appointed and well deserving of 4 stars. The staff were excellent. Polite , accomodating and efficient .

on arrival was given what I can only describe as a single room with a queen bed. We had 4 cases having travelled for a month , and the room only had cupboard space for a carry on case. The hotel changed the room , without fuss , to a larger one but still on the small size. On the plus size , the location is great , on Nathan Rd , with lots of buses passing and the train 5 minutes away. The buffet breakfast is good , big choice and even dim sum available. Pleasant bar long happy hour early evening and helpful staff. I would still say though that for the money , it was a good place .

hotel location is great , close to all the transportation to get you around HK and great restaurant or fast food within 5mins walking distance , also has 24hr McDonalds and a 7-11 across the road .

we stayed at the Eaton for 2 nights recently and were surprised about the good value for money. yes , the rooms are rather small , but well organised and clean. The Restaurant was good , the menu long enough to find something , the quality of food very good. Staff was friendly and the location is great , as the subway is only a few minutes walk away. We will be back !

we had a deluxe room and the rooms are decorated very modern , but the rooms are a little on the small size but not unbearable - when you think about it you are only really sleeping there , but we loved the Eaton and are returning again in March 2010 but will need a bigger room as taking our son with us. Ideal hotel for a couple but with children I would not recommend a deluxe room would need to go to an executive room and then of course the cost factor comes into it .

the Eaton Hotel is in a good location for seeing the sights of HK. Buy and Octopus card it can be used in 7-11 and on all transportation .

this hotel is ideally located to shops , markets and restaurants. It is a short walk to transport but you can walk to both the Ladies Market or to the Harbor in the opposite direction 10-15 minutes

i booked this as a 'mystery hotel ' deal through wotif , so it was an incredible deal 50 % off . I stayed here after a month of backpacking &amp ; the extra luxury , hot water , cleanliness was worth it !

this hotel was great overall. It was in a nice location with a Starbucks &amp ; McDonalds nearby if that 's your thing . The hotel is on the Nathan ' you need a tailor sir ? ' Road which is pretty busy but a short walk from the local markets and the star ferry .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 10 nights in a room that was a tight squeze for two people , let alone 2 adults and a 4 year old. The hotel itself is situated on Nathan Road which is a very busy road and close to everything including the Night Market,a Mc Donalds,7-11,restaurants,shopping and a subway whic is 2 blocks away.Service here was very good , the breakfast was excellent although it lacked variety and the concierge , who helped with all travel plans knew his stuff and was very helpful.My mom became ill and the staff was very ubderstanding and helpful in getting her soup etc.to her room.Thehy also assisted with a wheelchair which they lent to us.It was safe the whole Hong Kong felt safe and I would recommed this hotel to people on business trips and travellers who are travelling in parties of 2 at a time.Do n't expect space though !

my company uses this hotel often and I stayed 6 mights whilst on business last month. I was put into a deluxe room which was on the 19th floor and recently renovated. It had a large bed , which unfortunately took up the majority of the room. There was a desk and office chair and minibar crammed in , and the wardrobe was too small for 6 days worth of clothing. The bathroom was , however , a decent size. In spite of the tiny room , the service was excellent and the bed was very comfy- not rock hard like you usually find in Hong Kong and China. I skipped the breakfast HKD 138 per person in favour of the McDonalds across the street. Wired broadband was HKD 130 per 24 hours , or HKD 650 for one week- only worked for one laptop , had to pay again for the second one. Location was good , farther up on Nathan Road and the K1 bus connection from Kowloon Station where you exit the airport express train stopped right at the hotel. I found the location convenient for dining and shopping both Jade Market about 5 minutes walk . Note this is a popular hotel for weddings at the weekend so there seemed to be a lot of people coming and going. Also appeared to be used for some American tour groups. There is a rooftop pool and fitness centre , but I did not have time to see them for myself .

stayed at Eaton three times in the last six months and the overall service is good. The breakfast has a good spread and is quite satisfying. Like many hotels in Hong Kong , the rooms can be a bit small , but reasonably furnished. I 've stayed in three different types of room and my suggestion is to go for the renovated ones , i.e. Deluxe &amp ; Executive. The Standard room and City Club room are showing their age , although the City Club has a good view .

me and my girlfriend stayed at the eaton hotel for 6 nights. We were very impressed with this lovely hotel. I work in the hotel industry so understand hotels. Since we are n't difficult guests we only needed to visit the reception for check in and check out and at no other time .

reaaly liked this hotel. Stayed for 2 nights in October 2009. Good location on Nathan Road , close to shopping and attractions. Executive room really nice and well-appointed. Loved the touch of lime green in the decor and accessories ! Really appreciated having a glass of champagne each evening at the executive club lounge. Personnel very nice , sometimes a little bit slow but willing to please. Nice swimming pool and fitness center .

the Eaton hotel is in a great location on Nathan Road , which made it easy for us to find our way around. Lots of shops and restaurants nearby , I would recommend going down the side streets to find cafes with good food that are much cheaper than places on the main road .

overall not too bad , room was tiny , as expected in hk , service was the best for this whole stay. location was good enough for me , the daily walk to the mtr was easy and taxis were easily available .

the Eaton is well located Kowloon , it is about a 20 minute walk to the centre down Nathan road , for the ferries to Hong Kong island , the walk is very interesting in itself. The road includes shops of all types and plenty of places to eat. In It is close to Kowloong Park which is a must to visit , especially on Sundays for all the free shows. The Temple street night market is close by. The rooms are a reasonable size , are kept very clean and are very quiet. If you can get a deal which includes breakfast it is worth it as it is an excellent buffet which sets you up for the day. Otherwise Starbucks is opposite the hotel. The hotel also provides free internet access. We ate in the local chinese restaurants with the locals and also in the hotel , good chineses food at reasonable prices. The staff are friendly and helpful and the hotel is good value for money. If you need a late checkout , consider using the changing rooms in the swimming pool area , good showers with towels provided .

eaton Hotel is in Kwoloon and is centrally located on Nathan Road. It 's close to the Temple Street Market as well as the Ladies Market about 10-15 min walk . The hotel has excellent facilities for drinks and dining. The rooms are comfortable , although a bit small , which is typical for Hong Kong .

we stayed here for two nights and i must say we were extremely happy we chose this hotel !

we stayed in the Eaton on the first four nights of our honeymoon and the hotel is great. The location is really good as even though you are on Nathan Rd , it 's very quiet and only a 15 min walk to the harbour. The rooms were very clean , and the hotel was great. Definitely recommend it !

the check in staff was very nice. The hotel location is what prompted me to pick it , it is located right above the MTR subway system so it is extremely convinent to go to other places. Everything is right down the street , including a laundromat just behind the hotel , and they charge you by lbs , not per garment .

hong Kong hotel are small in general. Services are average nothing out of ordinary .

we stopped off for two days in HK en route to Australia , and were very impressed by the Eaton. We had ordered a deluxe room which was unavailable at the time of arrival , so they upgraded us to a suite. Great start ! The hotel is handy for most aspects of Kowloon , and has good bars and restaurant. Breakfast was especially worth having. The coffee shop in the basement is very welcome too , as there seems to be a great shortage of them in Kowloon. Staff were very courteous and we would definitely stay again .

my husband and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of September. We used the limo service from the airport and after a long flight from UK , this was the perfect way arrive and well worth the money. We were given a bottle of water each as soon as we approached the desk at the airport and were taken down to the car. The driver gave us a great commentary during the journey to the hotel and we were able to just chill and relax all the way. From start to finish , the staff were absolutely brilliant. All spoke English very well and Christine from Reception / eClub was especially helpful. We stayed in a club room and bought the eClub package. The eClub was like being in the first class lounge and was worth every penny. The hotel is modern and exceptionally clean. In an excellent location on Kowloon close to the shops and Temple Street market. If I ever get to Hong Kong again , I would choose this hotel without a second thought. We thoroughly enjoyed out stay here and would recommend it to anyone .

gays , you are enthusiastic about this hotel , probably you forgot how hotel have to be .

our experience at Eaton Hotel was disappointing as we had chosen the hotel because the reviews were good .

we traveled to Hong Kong from the states and stayed here for 3 weeks during our honeymoon. The room was TINY compared to what we were used to in the US , but it served its purpose. The hotel and room were clean and neat. We also had breakfast downstairs a couple times a week , and although it was a little pricey , it was good. The staff are nice , but nothing exceptional. We do recommend this hotel , but we 'd probably book a place closer to the harbor ourselves , just for the shopping and attractions .

this hotel was absolutely fantasic , it is a little away from the main tourist area but good public transport makes it easy to get around. The staff were great , very friendly and would do anything to make the stay great. The roof top pool was fantastic and not over crowded. The restaurant at the hotel was clean and the food was good , the rooms were small but very clean and modern. The staff went out of their way to make the stay great and the price is reasonable. This has been my favourite place to stay .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 7 nghts and had a great time. The room was clean although small but the hotel 's location was excellent. We found the staff helpful and friendly and the rooftop pool was very inviting at night. The breakfast buffet contained plenty of variety and overall I would definately stay again if I was going back to Hong Kong .

this is my second time in H-K , and yes , the location is great...but next time will defenetely be closer to the Star Ferry/pier aera , wich I consider the best location in Kowloon.. .

the location of the hotel is great , nice neighbourhood , temple market around the corner , close to MTR which is very easy to use with the Octopus card .

after some pretty ordinary rooms and service in Europe , I found the Eaton Hotel was a pleasant surprise. On Nathan Road , within 10 min. walk of the Star Ferry , and a couple of blocks from the Temple Street night markets , the hotel is well situated. The rooms are lovely , with large , comfortable beds , immaculate linen , marble bathrooms , and attractive decor. The best thing about this hotel is the staff , who exemplify the hotel 's &quot ; Can Do&quot ; policy. They are unfailingly helpful and polite , and they go to extraordinary lengths to be of service .

service

stayed here on my first visit to HK. Double room was very clean and big for asia standard. Cleaning staff was good. Location on Nathan Rd walk to all shops and restaurants. TST and harbour area all walking distance. MTR very closeby and bus stops. Laundry very expensive , take it to local laundry mat closeby or pay lots $ $ $ . paid $ 80CDN per night 2 years ago , now after the renovations it 's very expensive for stay. like double the rate .

i have recently returned from a 4 night stay at the Eaton Hotel , Kowloon and can only report back positive things from my experience with this hotel which I have summarised below :

i stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 3 nights in late July. I booked with an Asia Miles promotion offer , which offered complimentary in-room internet connection and double mileages. However , they seemed not to be aware of my booking and insisted that there would be no complimentary internet connection. It was until I made several phone calls and showed the actual terms that they knew it was a mistake. It 's not the end of the world but it was annoying .

very Good Hotel. Room allotted to me was on 17th Floor from where City View was excellent. Room was little small but it was value for money. I stayed in this hotel for 4 Days and all days , I had morning breakfast which everyday was different and very good .

the Eaton is superbly positioned for easy access via bus , MRT and Octopus Card ; to everything .

i 'll start with the positives. The hotel was excellently located on Nathan Road only a short walk from the Jordan MTR station and a 10-15 minute walk from the Star Ferry Terminal. If you take the Airport Express train there is also a free shuttle bus included in the proce that takes you from Kowloon Station to the front of the hotel .

i visited Hong Kong for two days with my mom. It was both our first time there and so I picked the Eaton Hotel as it was recommended by my handy Frommer 's travel guide. It was indeed a good find , as it is reasonably priced at a little over $ 100 a night. The room , though small compared to American hotel rooms most Hong Kong hotel rooms are apparently smaller than their American counterparts anyway , was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was spacious and clean as well. The hotel staff were very cheerful and helpful. Also , the location of the hotel on Kowloon 's Nathan Road is pretty superb. It 's a short walk to the Temple Street Night Market and the Jade Market. It is also close to the Jordan MTR station. Lots of shops and restaurants and other hotels are nearby as well. If you like to walk , then you can stroll down Nathan all the way down to Tsim Sa Tsui and the promenade that looks out to Central Hong Kong 's skyline in about 20 minutes time well , longer if you end up stopping by the numerous stores on that street . My only &quot ; complaint&quot ; about this hotel though is that it charges you even for local Hong Kong phone calls , but that 's a pretty minor gripe. In the end , I would probably stay at this hotel again when I come back to Hong Kong in the future .

i stayed at this hotel for 2 days with my wife and was very impressed. I opted for their shuttle service from the airport which takes 90 mins according to their website , however it really took only 35 mins and was cheaper than the express train. I was expecting a standard room which was 699HKD per night but on check-in was upgraded to a suite on the 18th floor which was fantastic. The room was great and had fabulous views of Kowloon if your not scared of heights ! We paid for the breakfast which was good quality although a little pricey. Delaneys Irish bar is only 15 mins walk down the road and we ate there for most of the trip. Altogether I found the hotel and staff excellent and would definately stay there again. My tip is to book with them directly on their website as this was much cheaper than using a booking agency .

great hotel , run by friendly helpful staff. Nothing was too much trouble .

first things first. Size is a relative term. When you are in one of the most crowded cities in the world the term size is relative. Hong Kong is a very efficient city and little expansive. Take a window seat in the plane as landing on a airport which is built on partially reclaimed space from sea is a good experience. The airport is one of the best in the world with respect to design,efficiency and experience. The immigration process is very quick and smooth. Before you realize you are at the door steps of a metro within airport which is waiting for you. 6 Minutes frequency . Though it is very fast and convenient I suggest you take bus instead , for two reasons. You can see most of the Kowloon Island on the way to Hotel and it is economical. However , you learn fast that always you should have correct change in Hong Kong for transportation. Octopus Card is a must which is a kind of credit card you can use for all modes of transport like ferry , tram , bus , MTR metro train and most of the shops including 7 to 11. Pick up few maps of he city which are available in the airport. As you come out of the airport walk to your right to bus stand. I suggest take a seat on the upper deck to see the city Most buses are double Deckers . Bus has a electronic display which clearly indicates current stop and next stop and other important places near the stop. Incidentally Eaton Hotel is displayed and the stop is right at the door step of the Hotel. Initially I was at a loss to find the main entrance of the hotel as the hotel 's reception is on the 4th floor. You can reach the reception by elevator , escalator from different points. Check in and check out is very quick. The staff is very professional and courteous. I have booked the room through it 's website which was quick and reassuring. Queries were answered promptly. They could not accept Debit card and I had to book the room using Credit Card . Room was bit small comparing to other hotels in different countries. But the smart design , clean sparkling bathroom , attractive toiletries provided , gadgets like light controls with Ipod dock next to bed , well stuffed fridge , hair dryer , weighing scale , pressure plumbing , LCD TV,.....you would not miss a thing. I suggest you use items in the fridge and replace it from the 7to11 store which is at one of the entrances of the hotel. Basically Hong Kong is a model city for it 's transport system. Generally , where ever you stay it should not be a problem to reach any part of the islands Kowloon and Hong Hong . There are few bus stops in all directions near the hotel. Famous MTR point is just few buildings away. Hotel is surrounded by many attractions like Temple Street , Ladies Market , Jade Market , TST , Star avenue , Kowloon Park , Star Ferry , Malls , etc. , all within walking distance. It 's a great experience to have simple breakfast at nearby Australian Dairy. You can see reviews of the place in Travel Advisor. It is really crowded with locals and totally crammed , but you will have a different good experience of Hong Kong with local population. Adjacent to Kowloon Park there are many high end Shops with branded merchandise. You can go to Macao from the Star Ferry dock. Using very inexpensive tram service in Hong Kong is a good way for sight seeing and relaxing .

superb location , clean rooms , accomodating staff and airport express free bus transfers. No free wifi and breakfast is expensive. But , the deal is superb. A Four Star Hotel ambiance in a cheaper price. The Eaton Hotel website offers promotion for a free night for a two days stay .

just returned from 3 day shopping expedition. This hotel is great. Booked deluxe room but upgraded to suite on arrival corner room overlooking Nathan Rd . Well situated hotel close to all the action. Walking distance 20 min to ladies market Mong Kok and the K1 b us from airport at the door .

the value is definitely good for such a low price. .

nice big hotel in the heart of Kowloon Hong Kong . Our room was spacious and comfortable. Within walking distante to Temple Street night market , jade market and subway station. Lots of shops , restaurants around it .

i stayed at the Eaton from June 22-26 and I must say it was a perfect stay. Check in after our 17 hour flight was quick and easy , and it turned out that our Room only booking was actually B&amp ; B which was an unexpected turn up !

stayed for 5 nights but actually used the room for 7 days. We arrived early at 8am and our room was ready , we asked for a late check out and were given till 1pm at no extra charge. We then paid for another 3 hours at only $ 55HKD an hour which is less than $ 10 AUD per hour. Get your breakfast included in the tariff as it includes everything you could want to fuel you for the day. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. You can get the A21 bus from the airport which pretty much stops out the front of the hotel and costs only $ 33HKD , so less than $ 6 AUD , its air conditioned and very comfortable. You can catch the same bus to the airport but you will need to cross Nathan Rd , we managed with heavy suitcases. The hotel is well maintained and close to the Jordon MTR , only a 5 min walk. The room is small but was cleaned everyday and the bathroon included a bath and was a good size. Did n't have time to use the pool but we did check it out and it was beautiful , the gym also was fully equipped. Temple street markets just across the road , 5 min walk and so is the Jade market and Mongkok markets just a quick bus trip up Nathan Road. Excellent location for shopping , easy to catch a bus or train. We used public transport to cross the border into Shenzhen and also into Maccau .

we stayed in a standard room for 13 nights - it is smaller in general than Western hotels , however we found the room big enough for us and our stuff , the bathroom was lovely and had a bath , aircon worked well and not noisy , bed was very comfortable and as we spent the majority of our time around Hong Kong , or using the decent gym and small pool in the hotel we did n't find the room too claustrophobic - but if you like spending a lot of time in the room maybe opt for something a little larger .

stayed in a deluxe double room with a view which was a bit smaller than expected but just right for 2 people. Modern facilities , very clean , comfortable. Hotel had a rooftop pool which was small but it was still nice &amp ; we never had a problem finding a space to swim or sit. Free internet access at hotel cafe. Metro Bar &amp ; Grill restaurant on hotel 4th floor is recommended. Hotel location was excellent , right on the main road Nathan Road in Kowloon , seconds away from shops , restaurants and a couple of minutes away from the Jordan MTR train station. The hotel looks exactly like the photos on their website ! ! !

beautiful interior , fresh , clean &amp ; good sized rooms. Really comfortable beds with fresh white linen each day. Located in a main road in Kowloon so always easy to find - even named at exit in tube station nearby. Free internet access in hotel cafe. Beautiful roof pool not big but was quiet with plenty of free sun loungers. Small but functional gym. Several restuarants but with usual hotel prices. Good tv selection in room with ipod docking station and internet access point for laptop .

really enjoyed our stay here. Lovely hotel , excellent staff , excellent food , especially the breakfast Thank You , Lorraine , Head chef , for the duck eggs one morning ! ! Spotlessly clean hotel , comfortable room and recommend the E service. My partner enjoyed the cocktails in the bar too ! Nicely situated and near to the market. Great shopping ! Our first trip to Hong Kong. A wonderful , memorable holiday. Would certainly return and definitely stay at the Eaton .

we stayed here for 3 nights with our young child , in a small deluxe room - the desk took up so much of the space we were unable to keep our bags open and had to fold up our buggy each time we came in our room. there was no bath in the bathroom was it did n't score well for a family room ! We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis and the breakfast is a buffet style with everything you could want. There was a rooftop outdoor swimming pool but unfortunately we were unable to use it as it was closed because it was raining. For the night markets this is a very good location 5 mins Temple St Market and there are plenty of restaurants near by as well as convenice stores. We 'd recommend a Chinese restaurant called Cheers around the corner do n't be put off by the name good value for money very tasty chinese - the fish are taken live from a fish tank straight to the kitchen .

we went to Hong Kong and Macau on a whim from Sydney for a couple of weeks of snap hols. Booked the Eaton which was on Nathan Road because they had a great special , it came to around $ AU90/night for the five nights were were there .

it is good Business hotel . It is located in the heart of the city .

the eaton staff is one of the best i 've seen. location of the hotel is great very close to the jordan mtr and there is everything you want to do in Kowloon in and around the hotel. rooms are small but well furbished. take the deluxe and higher category only .

my husband and I had a great stay at the Eaton Hotel over Easter this year. As with all Hong Kong hotels the rooms were small but perfectly formed and extremely comfortable , the room service breakfasts were huge so big in fact we shared one breakfast between two of us but its best point had to be the staff ; they were fantastically friendly and very helpful , which is unfortunately not always the case in city hotels .

= = = Stay : 3 nights at the Eaton hotel in May 2009

i am quite surprised by some of the photos on this page,as it bears almost no resemblence to the room I stayed in .

we stayed here in the second week of May for 5 nights in a City Club room with access to the e-club. After arriving at 11.30pm by taxi from the airport for HK $ 260 , check-in was relatively smooth and quick .

highly recommended for location , comfort , food , staff and cleanliness. Not the cheapest but all round great value for money .

my wife and I visited Hong Kong for the first time on our 40th Anniversary and the management and staff made our one week stay the best ever. The E-Club lounge staff were of great assistance for planning our daily excursions each day and were always welcoming at morning breakfast and afternoon cocktails. The location is a short walk to the Jordan MTR station which made our city travel easy. Will go back for sure .

i stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 7 nights on a business trip. I picked this hotel based on the reviews I found on TripAdvisor , and found most of the reviews pretty accurate. The location is in Jordan , not Tsim Sha Tsui as the hotel says - so it 's not a great location for tourists who do n't know their way around , but it is a short walk to the MTR and Temple Street market. Rooms were larger than I expected , and I was upgraded to a City Suite upon arrival. E-Club access is n't worth the extra money unless you plan having the free Happy Hour drinks breakfast is very minimal every night , but if it 's already included in your price it 's great. Buffet breakfast in the hotel was good and only 50HK. Gym facility small , but clean/new. Overall , a very good value for the price paid $ 120USD/nt .

this hotel is nice , i chose the dexule room as it was on offer. The location is not bad , just next to temple street , however i did n't know jordon is a mini red-light district , which did affect the mood there abit. The room itself is clean and roomy enough to place my lagguage and stuff hk rooms are all small so comparatively this is better , but all the stuffs in the hotel are expensive , the room service , restaurant , internet access in the biz centre , idd call , pay movies. The tv channels are also limited. But maybe its just hong kong standard , that everything nids money , unlike shenzhen and guangzhou. but the hotel do give u a sense of security , and the hotel staffs are all v helpful and nice. n there is a tsui wah restaurant just next to the hotel which serve really good food , must- try when u 're in hk !

great service , hotel upgraded us on our arrival to a bigger room and on my birthday gave me a cake on my birthday , unrequested. I really appreciated the personal touch. The hotel was good value and was in a great location , close to the MTR station. Would definitely stay there again .

like any other hotels in hong kong , the small here are small. my wife , sister and i stayed in a bedroom suite for 3 days. the room is really small. it is the smallest room i ever stayed in. good thing they gave us complimentary wine in the room. the room also comes with the access to e-club or lounge where you can have your breakfast , all day drinks and snacks , and afternoon snacks where they serve wine , champagne .

stayed here for one night and paid HK $ 590 through a competitor 's web site &quot ; mystery deal&quot ;

we visited the Eaton for 6 nights in early April. We had two rooms , one an executive room with a double and divan for our daughter , the other a standard twin. Both rooms were unrefurbished. We were informed that only the deluxe doubles were available refurbished , so these did n't meet our needs. The older rooms were not bad , just a little dated versus the boutique style of the refurbished rooms , the carpet could be declared somewhat worn but that would be nit-picking. In fact the rooms were perfectly okay , clean , beds comfortable , quiet , well-serviced though somewhat small as others have observed. There was a curious smell on our floor , though not in our room. The e-club was a great benefit with breakfast , daytime drinks and snacks and evening drinks canapes available free. We only found it occasionally busy and certainly not cramped as others have commented. Free wifi and PC/internet access made this a regular place to visit. Nicely done .

great location.. in the heart of Kowloon district..with shops just a walking distance.. Taxis easily available at the hotel. .

having read mixed reviews on this website before we went it was clear that opinions were divided over the rooms. But our standard room was very clean and was presumably one of the renovated ones. Yes it was small-ish but why would you need a bigger room anyway ? !

stayed at Eaton with Adult children - had 2 rooms. We were given 2 unrenovated rooms - mine was a smoking I am a non-smoker and the room reeked - was moved the next day to a renovated room. This was really nice , the others were left in the unrenovated room - very basic. Perhaps they reserve the awful rooms for people booking through Qantas holidays or similar - and it was Christmas/New Year period. So make sure you get a renovated room. Buffet breakfast and lunches were really good and service fine. They just need to upgrade the lower parts of the hotel as they have the other rooms. I would stay again in the renovated room - under NO circumstances in the older rooms,

excellent hotel with professional helpful staff. Very good location in Nathan Road for shopping. Would definitely come back to this hotel. Rooms comfortable clean with good facilities .

stayed in this hotel for one night on way home from Australia. Not sure why other reviewers said rooms to small as basic room more than adequate with room to move around easily. View from window was over Nathan Road and was great to see the neon lights down the road , and great views of the glass elevators which we did not realise the hotel had untail we looked out of the window. Great position for markets - night and local and about 30 minutes stroll to the ferries for a trip to Hong Kong Island well worth doing. We had meal in the bar next to reception which was really good and breakfast a excellent buffet. Everyone very friendly and efficient. would definately stay at this hotel again if i return to hong Kong .

we stayed here 22nd-27th March 2009 on our way back from the UK and were very happy with it. The room was fine at 1st we did not know what to expect as we had read that the rooms were very small . We had ample room and were very comfortable. The staff were very obliging- food was 1st class- especially the buffet breakfast- would certainly stay again if visiting Honk Kong- easy walk down to Harbour- approx 25 minutes- and close to markets and public transport

i had a fantastic rooom which was one of the suites with use of the E-Club which was absolutely fantastic. The staff in their were lovely and could n't do enough for you...it had free internet access and it was great to be able to go and get free drinks from there anytime during the day. The breakfast was basic but perfectly adequate .

we stayed here for a total of three nights 2 nights before and one after our holiday in Sabah , Borneo . It 's reasonably located at the northern end of the 'golden mile ' on Nathan Road in Kowloon. Our standard room was small as was the bathroom , especially for 4-star hotel , and we certainly would n't want to stay in such a small room for any length of time. The worst aspect though was on our return , when we were given a smoking room instead of the non-smoking room that we had requested. To be fair , we did check in late at night and the hotel was full .

i love this hotel and have been staying several times .

we had booked suite-initially given non modernised one which was old,tired and dull-asked for change and immediately given upgrade at no extra charge. Suite was modern with nice power shower. The service in the E-Club was excellent. The staff could n't do enough to help and it was lovely to just go to 1st floor when you got back to the hotel and get cold drinks and a snack. Staff had all the info you needed at their fingertips.E club staff had champagne and a cake sent up for a birthday-very nice. The rooms were kept very clean and nice touches like slippers laid out at night. Hotel was very well located-5 min walk to MTR and across the road from the Temple St market. AVOID CAMERA SHOPS NEAR THE HOTEL-THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF .

stayed here for 4 nights. The first room we were given was tired and very small , we complained and were then moved to a club room after 2 nights the hotel was having some refurb work done so not all rooms were available . The 2nd room was very staff , the service from the staff was excellent throughout - at breakfast , reception , the concierge even the housekeeping was excellent. The hotel seemed to have a mix of families , couples and business travellers and was in a good location on Nathan Road in Kowloon. Free internet access in the downstairs cafe was good .

the renovated Eaton Hotel is fabulous. The room has a simple and modern look , a bit small but contained all the necessary amneties , facilities , etc. It even has a radio/alarm clock/speaker dock for ipod !

recently stayed in the Eaton Hotel for four nights. Was booked into a deluxe room on a high floor. The newly renovated room was very comfortable with all modern facilities expected , though a little on the smaller side. Found the hotel to have good facilities in all areas.The buffett breakfast was well stocked and had a good selection of western and asian dishes. The staff at breakfast were freindly and very professional. The location was amogest shopping on Nathan Road and close to the Jordan MTR station. Overall a very pleasant stay and look forward to returning to the Eaton Hotel .

we stayed at the hotel from the 24th to the 27th of January , 2007. Here is a summary of my views :

great location at the top of Nathan Road , staff are efficient , friendly and helpull , Breakfast is first class.The rooms are smaller than average but the bathroom is clean and roomy.Loved the glass lifts.. .

room was tiny , smelt of stale smoke even though we requested no smoking. no room to hang up a shirt , unhelpful staff. First and last visit .

we were looking for a decent hotel in Hong Kong for a three night stay last March. Looking at the Hotel ranking quite high up and the Star rating 4 stars I assumed this one was worth a closer look. According to their website &quot ; most club rooms have floor to ceiling windows.&quot ;

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 6 days at the end of December , and had an excellent stay. We booked an E-Club room , which proved to be a really good option for us. The room was compact but not cramped and absolutely spotless. It was immaculately cleaned throughout our stay .

this is a lovley big hotel in a good spot to explore HK. Our room was a bit small but it was fine for what we needed - just somewhere to rest and freshen up and then we were out and about all of the time - we would definately stay here again. Cant comment on the food as we always ate out and never tend to eat in hotels .

we spent 6 nights in Hong Kong at the Eaton Hotel. For 3 people , we booked an E Club 1 bedroom Suite. The overall room size is on the small side so having 1 bedroom , a bathroom and a sitting area was a good choice. The sofa in the sitting room makes into a bed and there were 2 TV sets. Therefore , there was n't a fee for the third person. There was a view of Nathan Rd. from the sitting area. Included with the suite was a bottle of wine and a fruit platter. The E Club was superb including a full breakfast with lox , rolls , fruit and hot food. In addition , there was an evenng reception including beer , wine , mixed drinks and appetizers. The E Club rate also offers free Internet service and private check-in. The location is about 2-3 blocks from the Jordan subway station. We liked the location because it was n't a tourist area and it offered many reasonable and authentic Chinese restaurants. We liked the Shamrock Restaurant on Nathan Rd. very much. There is a 7-Eleven across the street from the hotel. The common areas of the hotel are very nice and the service was excellent. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would book the Eaton again on our next trip to fabulous Hong Kong .

we spent eleven nights there over the past two weeks ; the purpose of the trip was to get to know Hong Kong a little better we 've only been there for short times before now . The Eaton was a great place to stay for that .

we stayed in the Club floor room for 5 nights. The check in was a pleasant experience with a private check in available on the E Club .

the rooms are compact but very nicely furnished with a modern look and good quality linens etc. The staff were very helpful especially the cleaning maids and the lobby areas were very stylish - lots of weddings going on as it was a lovely setting. Free internet is available in the downstairs cafe. Great location on Nathan Road- close to the shops and street markets and a 15- 20 minute walk to the Star ferry for Hong Kong Island etc which costs about 20p and takes 5-10 minutes. Taxis/buses and ferries are very reasonably priced and plentiful. My father uses a wheelchair and we had no problems with transport. Loads of restaurants and fast food joints around and a lovely park only 5 minutes down Nathan Road. Loads to see in Hong Kong. There 's a light show every night at the harbour at 8pm and a cable car ride to the top of Hong Kong Island for great views - Madame tussauds is also sited there and there are loads of shops. We took a bus round the island to see the sights .

rooms are very small this IS Hong Kong though , service was spotty , rooftop 'pool ' is VERY small. My main beef with the Eaton is that I arrived at 9PM and was told my room would n't be ready for an hour. Well , given that Check-In time is 3PM , I was rather pissed. They gave me a free beer coupon and had the room ready in 30 minutes , but after a 15 hour flight , this was not the best way to start my stay. Other than that , it was just OK. I got a deal through Travelocity , but had I paid full price I would have not been happy. Get a good deal , stay less than 3 nights , and you should be fine .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel from 30th December 2008 till 2nd January 2009. Below are the pros and cons of our stay at his hotel : -

my husband booked this through the Cathay Pacific 's SuperCity package. OK , it is a good deal. So we get what we paid for. Here 's my notes on Eaton :

we stayed at the Eaton on our way back to UK from Australia. Booked an executive suite Â £ 195.00 per night but on arrival the room was smaller than YHA Room Â £ 30.00 we had in Cairns .

the Eaton is a fabulous place to stay.It is spotless,Staff are superb,food is excellent. The markets are all within walking distance.The Star ferry is only a short bus ride away , the MTR is nearby.You could say that the rooms a bit small but why would you want to spend time in them when there is so much to do and see in Kowloon and Hong Kong island.We had a great time .

my wife and I chose this hotel from Cathay Pacific 's CP SuperCity package list of Hong Kong HK hotels - since it ranked quite high here 25/187 hotels in HK . [ By the way , if you do n't mind really old planes and UNcomfortable business class seats with NO on-demand movies , fly CP ! ] Eaton hotel 's DELUXE ROOM is so small + with ALL their windows completely sealed up , we felt like we were in a coffin ! If anyone thinks all hotels in HK are as small , just walk across the street to Nathan hotel less than ONE minute walk or Novotel about TWO minutes walk down the street. Bottom line : We checked out of Eaton Hell-tel as quickly as we could - after Eaton 's staff informed us that their Club Floor rooms were just as tiny ! It does n't matter if their staff were super friendly and the room were super clean - when a room feels like a coffin , you want to check out even if it were free ! [ We stayed at Shanghai Eaton earlier this year 2008 , although the rooms at Shanghai Eaton were far from big , we could still stay 6 nights without complaints. ] Nathan is a much nicer hotel - for less ! The only complaint we have of Nathan hotel is their fake Club Lounge , it is VERY , VERY small and you get cold , cheap &amp ; lousy snacks. The only good thing about their lounge - their coffee. Beats Starbucks handsdown ! Pray to God you do n't need help from Eaton 's Reservations Supervisor , Stella Ng , she will make sure you feel UNwelcome !

nice hotel in the centre of Kowloon. Very small rooms and I was offered a single king size bed. Cant remember the last time I was offered this size of bed , OK because I was travelling without my partner but expensive .

i just returned from Hong Kong last night , which means yesterday also marked the end of my 3 nights ' stay at Eaton Hotel. I was deciding between Kowloon Hotel great location and Eaton but chose Eaton in the end because of the no. of great reviews I read here .

i got a good deal through Orbitz and after some coupon codes we were able to get this hotel for $ 80 usd/night. We stayed there for 3 nights from Nov 24-27 and found the location extremely convenient. I had written to the hotel prior to arrival and received email responses right away. I was informed that I can take the A21 bus from the airport for only $ 33 HKD and it takes about 40 minutes. The hotel is conveniently located to the Jordan station and right across from Temple St Night Market. It 's about a 15 min walk to Mongkok .

one of the major factors behind my decision to choose the Eaton Hotel as my base in Hong Kong were the comments on this website mostly very good , some critical .

great location , Clean rooms and friendly staff. Great location only 3 blocks to the MTR Subway . Rooms are on the small side but is common in China. Internet charge if used in your room , but FREE if you use the EClub on level 1. 3 computers or use your laptop wireless for free there. The free breakfast each day and free drinks and snacks at night were just the thing to start or end our day. Only 1 block from the Temple night market and Jade markets. Star ferry to Hong Kong Island is about a 30 minute walk or a short taxi ride for 20 hong kong dollars About $ 5 USD .

stayed at the Eaton in an Executive room for 14 nights in November 2008. On arrival we were given the older style Executive room with curved windows . The room 1301 was small and in need of renovation so we asked if we could be given one of the newer Executive rooms. Staff were more than happy to assist and we soon had ourselves a newer room on the 14th floor .

stayed four nights at the Eaton in an executive room. Rooms compact but faultless and staff very helpful. A few minor annoyances - you have to pay 130 dollars per day for Wifi and I had real problems making international calls , but for price and location this hotel is a safe bet. Nice bar and small roof terrace on 4th floor , similar prices to other HK places , and lots of shops and markets etc closeby .

this was our first visit to Hong Kong and can not fault the staff or hotel. The location is great only a short stroll to Jordan Stn and the night and ladies market. The staff were great breakfast buffet great and the room very clean good view of Jordan Street .

we stayed in Eaton Hotel for three nights in November 2008. The hotel was lovely with excellent service and nice facilities. The rooms were excellent but small. Great location on Nathan Road and good transfers free to Kowloon station to get the airport shuttle .

a group of 7 of us stayed at the Eaton for 7 nights in November for a trip that was half holiday half business. I was responsible for selecting accommodation and change our booking at the last minute to the Eaton after the terrible exchange rate with the HK $ to the ` AUD $ . We were supposed to stay at the Excelsior on Hong Kong Island , but moved to the cheaper Kowloon side. We all took rooms with access to the E club lounge , which is definatley worth the money. All email and phone calls to the hotel prior where answered promptly .

we stayed in the Eaton Hotel the first week of October. It was our first trip to Hongkong. The Eaton Hotel is a winner. We were welcomed as soon as we got of the shuttle bus and our luggage was taken up. The whole stay the staff could not have been more friendly. Breakfast is a joy. Very well organised , no waiting times etc . We advise this hotel to anyone .

my husband and I had a two night stopover in Hong Kong on our way home from England and Paris to break the journey home to New Zealand .

stayed at the Eaton for four nights .

the rooms are small but very clean with nice bathrooms. The Metro is a short walk away or it 's about a 20 minute walk to the Star Ferry. The hotel is in a good , lively location but if you only have a couple days in town you may want to stay in Central. The staff was courteous and the value is very good .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 10 days during September 2008. Overall , we were not impressed with our stay at all , and most likely , we will not stay there again .

it was my first time staying at the Eaton. I was skeptical at first because I had booked the reservations online with Hotels.com. I wanted to reconfirm my reservations with the hotel via emailing the Eaton hotel email but have not heard any response. Finally I called them long distance from Vancouver , BC , and confirmed my reservation .

stayed here on 2 occasions in september. on 1st visit we had a non smoking room obviously recently renovated. on the 2nd occasion the wife stated she must have a smoking room. higher up than last time but not refurbished and a bit dated. pool is fine if a bit small as are the rooms but not tiny. my brother was staying at the prudential close by and the rooms were larger if not as well decorated. you are paying extra at the eaton because it has a outside area to smoke and drink if you choose to do so. free internet access available in the coffee shop in the basement your supposed to by a coffee to use . hotel is 5-6 mins from jordan mtr or you can get a number of buses that travel up and down nathan road , we usually looked for the 1 and 1a .

the location is great but the rroms are small but i guess it 's expected. Generally , a forgettable hotel , neither here nor there

well , I just back from my 11 days staying in Hong Kong and decided to write this review. First of all I can say that if you are looking for a good hotel service , location , amenities you definately have to stay at this hotel. I made my chose based on other reviews and now I am sure that was a right choice. Staff is VERY friendly and helpful , they speak good english which is unusual for the other Chinese cities. They always do their best to help you to reach your goals. Room is a little bit small , that is true but as I understood that is common for HK city , so that is not an issue. Location is another great thing..Nathan road with many shops mostly jewelry and electronic is just around the corner..althouygh you can get cheaper e-devices in other places , the choice of jewelry is exceeltn , for budget travellers there is a Ladies market - famous place crowd with tourists till 12 am. You can get there by foot - about 20-30 minutes or by taxi - just 16 HK $ - the lowest rate you can get taxi for. If you are not willing to walk such a long way : there is a temple Market , just across the road...3 minutes on foot.....you can get there whatever you need and many sex toys you would not find on Ladies market : , there are plenty of restaurants around it also , McDonalds , pharmacy and all you may want to find just walking around hotel. Jordan metro station is in the walking distance - 5 minutes , Tsim Sha Tsui Station is a little bit remote from hotel , but walking to it , you will get an idea of night life in the city. Areas around are safety even for midnight walkers. Trasportation to the airport by taxi is more reasonable than taking Octopus , if you are not travel alone. Octopus is 440 HK $ for two , Taxi is just 280 HK $ ...needless to say it is more convenient way to get to the hotel on your way from airport or on the contrary. Money exchange service is available in the hotel lobby or just in front of the main entrance. So , if you decide to go to Hong Kong for a vacation like we do , it is good choice and good money value. Try it and I am sure you wont get dissapointed .

this hotel is a great base for a short visit. Not too expensive which means you can afford to upgrade to the E-Club service which includes breakfast and gets you a bigger room. Handy for MTR station which opens up the whole place to you .

this place is unbelievable... There were 5 of us in 2 rooms and , having read previous reviews , we decided to upgrade to the E-Club rooms. We are very glad we did since the complementary breakfasts and 2 hours Happy Hour with delicious snacks was just excellent. The E-Club on the 1st floor allowed us to relax , eat to our heart 's content saved a lot on food since we did n't need to eat in the evening and the kids could check emails , play games and feel like they belonged .

hello,

i love eaton ! got a really great deal from their website. I was travelling solo and the location is perfect ! 5 minute walk from Jordan MTR station,... and surrounded by local shops .

i found a great price on expedia for this hotel , the week before the Olympics and I paid $ 100 US per night. The hotel is in a great location , just a few blocks to the Jordan MRT station , you can be on HK Island in minutes without the HK Island prices , it 's just metres away from the temple street night market .

the hotel was great until the bed bug bites showed up and created havoc. Have stayed in this hotel many times before and never experienced problems until now. Therefore , I am not going to blame the hotel because the bed bugs could have came from previous hotel guests. The hotel placed us in another room but we worried that the bed bugs might have came home with us. We left the day after but still developed new bites. When we returned home , we had to wash everything down with bleach and hydrogen peroxide including luggages. Terrible experience. From now on , we are going to bring a small flashlight and check every nook and cranny for bugs first before taking any room at any hotel anywhere. In case you are wondering , we still paid for the room .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel for two weeks from 10-24th August 08 .

i booked this hotel based on other traveler reviews and the main motivation was the location .

our room was on the 13th floor with a great view down Nathan road. The room must have been newly renovated as it was set out and furnished with quality. The other floors being renovated during the day didnt bother us at all. The service and staff at the hotel and all its restaurants were exceptional and were always willing to accomodate us. The rooftop pool was had great surroundings and in general the hotel looks really nice .

stayed in this hotel for one week while attending the equestrian olympics in Shatin. Found the location good and rooms nice but small. However drink is a complete rip off and whats more appears to go up in price the later the night goes on. Also i think you should watch your bill and one evening we had been charged for 4 drinks we didnt have. Only had drinks two night and you can see why .

the location of the hotel is quite good. It is located in between Jordan and Yau Ma Tei station. If you do n't mind walking , you can take a 15-20 mins walk to Mongkok too .

we recently returned from two weeks at the Eaton in Hong Kong , myself , my husband and our 16 year old daughter , and we could not have wished for better. We booked one of the club rooms which was brilliant recently refurbished . With the club room breakfast is included as is drinks and snacks all day and also a 2hr happy hour in the evening these were taken in the Eclub on the 1st floor where all the staff were very nice and helpful especially Ter. The roof terrace has a lovely pool and gym where Billy always greeted us with a warm welcome .

my boyfriend and I stayed at the Eaton Hotel for a week in late November 2007. We were originally booked at another hotel , but changed when we looked at the location of the Eaton as well as some of the good reviews it had received .

we wanted a bit of glamour on a budget when we got to Hong Kong , and we were pleasantly surprised with the service and quality of this hotel. The room was small , and a bit dark but bed was clean , bathroom was clean , and we lived there comfortably for 4 days .

i booked a family holiday for three at the Eaton hotel in November 2007. Our experience at Reception after a long flight from the UK was refreshing. We were made to feel very important and a pleasure to serve. We were taken to a separate Reception area in the Executive lounge and offered complimentary drinks and snacks. What a fantastic start to our holiday and first impressions of Hong Kong. The staff could not have been more friendly , helpful , polite and professional. I had booked a room with 3 single beds which in the past has caused challenges at other hotels. Not at the Eaton. Our large and clean room was ready for us with complimentary beverages , shaving kits , tooth brushes etc. Wow another great start to our stay in Hong Kong before we had even started sight seeing from the central location of the Eaton .

i was a little unsure about this hotel as i had read mixed reviews. When we arrived our room was n't ready but we given another room on a higher floor which was perfectly fine. Staff were polite and very helpful - when we enquired about good electrical stores they even told us which shops to stay clear of that are likely to try and rip-off tourists , in addition to providing good recommendations. Location is good. It 's not far from a MRT station , and to be honest the walk down to the Kowloon harbour is not that long about 15-20 mins . The breakfasts were nice , and they offered a good variety. The rooms are very compact but they are really nice and very clean. The bathroom was lovely. The room even had a ipod docking station which was great to have. This really is a good place to stay .

a good start - having arrived at 8am after an 11 hour Qantas flight , the hotel managed to have one of our 2 rooms available , and the 2nd was ready less than an hour later !

we 've returned back from a great trip round Asia and decided to splurge on our last two nights.... this is probably the best hotel i 've ever stayed in - and i 've stayed in a few ! !

location :

the Eaton is situated on a quiet street on the edge of the bustle of Kowloon. On arrival , the concierge excel in making one 's arrival a pleasure together with the personal attention of checking in. I stayed in a very comfortable suite with a well designed Asian feel to it. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom very well designed with the latest Italian accessories and efficient use of the space. Room service and housekeeping was very good. Food outlets were excellent and I particularly enjoyed the new Japanese restaurant with magnificent food and presentation and the best Wagu around .

we booked a suite direct with the hotel and got what we thought was a good price.However,having just spent time in hotel suites in Auckland and Sydney we were disappointed at the size and standard at the Eaton but we suspect that unless you pay a fortune you will not get much bigger in Hong Kong .

the location and price was great...was right smack in the middle of Mongkok 10min walk and Tsim Sha Tsui 15 min walk .

i stayed at the Eaton with my husband for 2 nights in April on recommendation from a friend who currently lives in Hong Kong .

excellent food buffets for breakfast and dinner , rooftop heated pool , like a Grecian villa , exercise room , and comfy bed , a rarity in Asia where hard beds are everywhere. By going directly to the hotels website , and checking back , I got a screaming deal. For Breakfast you sit in a large glassed in area. Hotel saved us a bundle on taxi to the airport by negotiating with taxi for us .

i stayed here with my partner on the way back from Australia. We did n't arrive until about Midnight , but there was still lots going on in the bar area a very funny singing act .

for 70 bucks a night through Priceline , the Eaton was an excellent deal. However , Priceline rates this as a 4 * hotel. It clearly is n't unless you are staying in a club room and I would n't pay even the Expedia rate .

stayed at the Eaton for 4 nights in February. We had booked a Club room and were very pleased. With free wireless internet and free hot breakfast and two hours of free drinks per day the E-Club offers fantastic value .

i stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 4D 3N- attended a course that was run at the hotel. The hotel staff were pleasant , friendly &amp ; helpful- very service-oriented. The meeting room was impressive , well-equipped but the air-con was cold- thermostat did n't seem to work .

i arrived at the hotel at about 1am. Hotel staff were friendly &amp ; helpful. The bell boy even refused to take the tip from me. The reception / check in counter is at level 4 if I can still remember . The room , bathroom &amp ; lift might be slightly too small but was ok for Hong Kong .

eaton Hotel in Hong Kong was an outstanding experience. I can honestly say the only thing that I did not like about the hotel was that it was located on Nathan Road. I had never been to Hong Kong , but quickly found out that I absolutely destest Nathan Road. I felt like I was being accosted every 5 steps by a tailor...so annoying. Other than that , I absolutely loved the hotel. The staff treats everyone like royalty. We reserved the cheapest room , but it was unavailable when we checked in so they upgraded us for free to the Executive room. It was much bigger than I expected with a sofa. 24 hour room service. The internet is a bit pricey , about $ 15 a day. The hotel restaurants are also a bit pricey but have delicious food. It 's a bit of a walk to the harbour and I do n't recommend the walk down Nathan , unless that is your kind thing. The hotel is very close to the Night Market and the Jade Market , both worth a visit. I loved the Eaton and can highly recommend it for it value and quality. Personally , if I could pick the hotel up and move it to Stanley , I would stay there every time I went to Hong Kong. Kowloon , just was n't my thing , but if it is yours , I highly recommend the Eaton. You wo n't be sorry .

we have just returned from Hong Kong and had a 6 night stay at the Eaton hotel. I did a lot of research on this site &amp ; others on this holiday as it was a surprise 40th birthday present for my girlfriend &amp ; the Eaton in principle appeared to tick all the boxes. The first good thing about this hotel is its location. An excellent base for exploration , just off Nathan Road where buses run frequently and cover all of the key areas in Kowloon ; and also 3 minutes from Jordan Metro. A lot of the big attractions are just a short walk or bus/metro ride away , such as Kowloon Park , The waterfront , plus the main museums &amp ; markets , I booked a deluxe room &amp ; we were on the 18th floor. Check in was simplicity in itself , reception &amp ; concierge were very helpful , friendly and informative. The room itself was very clean and well presented. The bed was firm , spacious and comfortable. The a/c was fully adjustable. The flat screen TV , the remote control light panel and the I-home Ipod player was a really nice touch. The rooms are not oversized but I personally think its all relative. If you are going to stay in it 24/7 then you probably get cabin fever. We were out exploring most of the time and when in the hotel we chilled out in the ample spaced Planters Bar or the lovely garden area , so room size was not an issue. The food in the main restaurant was first class with a choice of buffet or al-a-carte. Some other reviews say that it is expensive , but I believe that you really do get what you pay for. The steak was sumptuous &amp ; they even had a chocolate fountain.. ! The buffet breakfast was diverse and the restaurant staff were usually on point. The 24 hour Gym is not very big but it has all the things in it you need for a total cardio-physical workout and I could find no fault. The complementary towels , bottled water &amp ; fresh fruit again was a nice touch. The Pool was open and even though we did not use it , it was in pristine condition .

we stayed here for one night on our way home to the States. Although the rooms were small , they were very clean and had all the amenities you could want. Super super efficient. The location was great - you could walk to the harbor , to the night markets , Canton Road , etc. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Wonderful place .

i 've stayed at a few different hotels in Hong Kong , and I have to say , the Eaton is the least impressive of them. Maybe it was just because we booked the most standard room which was as small as a small hotel room in New York City. There was barely room to open to our suitcases and the room itself was a little run down. The window is small and the view was unremarkable. The shower was not bad but the toilet had the loudest , lingering flush I 've ever heard ! The location was okay , but a little far up Nathan Rd , so it 's quite a hike to the harbour. At least it was close to the Night Market .

this holiday was amasing and far excedeed my expectations

first trip to HK and stayed at the Eaton because one of their online promotions lured me in. Was n't sure what to expect because had read about HK and small rooms , well to say the least I was pleasantly surprised. Larger then a room in Manhattan and much better price , they look to have been recently renovated and upon check in we were upgraded which you can never complain about. The room was very modern and very clean with full size bathroom and plasma tv .

i lived in Hong Kong for several years HK Island side and have returned 8 times since to visit friends. I had always opted for hotels in Wanchai or Causeway Bay because the Island side was where I felt grounded .

my husband and I returned today from a 6 night stay at the Eaton , and we are already missing this wonderful hotel and amazing city. From the moment we arrived we received nothing but prompt and courteous service , always with a smile .

modern recently refurbished hotel. Apparently upgraded room on arrival but unsure of what the difference was other than we were on a higher floor. No views from room other than limited view of Nathan Rd. Hotel was a two night stop-over for us and was very clean and helpful friendly staff. Location not as we expected and spent time on ferry over to Hong Kong Island. Public transport was excellent and suggest purchaseing an Octopus card to use on all public transport. this included the peak tram . Hotel transfers were included in our trip but would reccommend the &quot ; airport express&quot ; from/to airport , this stops on Hong Kong Island where you can easily reach hotels. This system also allows you to check baggage in at the station for return journey , saving you time at the airport. Would reccomend &quot ; The Peak&quot ; for wonderful views of city and accross to Kowloon , suggest go early to reduce queueing. Bus to &quot ; Stanley&quot ; worthwhile quaint beachfront location. good choice of restaurants and a typical oriental market to pick up gifts .

we stayed at Eaton 18.02.08 - 22.08.08 and had a really excellent stay. I booked through hotel website and decided to upgrade to club class - this I think made our stay completely satisfying. We booked the hotel shuttle via their website. The shuttle took us from Arrivals hall - Area B , desk B4 which took us directly from the Airport to the hotel where staff were waiting to direct us through to the main lobby. From the lobby we were taken to the E-club check-in , and although happy hour had finished we ordered a complimentary drink while checking in. The staff could not have been more obliging and helpful. Our room was a good size and not too small was worried after reading previous reviews but found the rooms to be very comfortable and we were very happy with comfort and facilities. We were on 11th floor and had no noise. My only grumble would be that the pool was closed , although we had been informed by email , had been not advised that an alternative hotel could be used if we had wanted and could use the swimming facilities at their chain through Langham Hotel , not far away. Had we known this we would have enjoyed this faciility. But overall , complimentary cocktails and hors douvres during 2 hour period was very welcome starting at 5.30 pm. Use of the lounge and internet access a bonus , varied choice for hot and cold breakfast buffet was excellent , complimentary use of coffee and muffins throughout the day if we felt like it. I loved the outside lifts that looked like glass pods. I would definitly return to this hotel and recommend it to all , families , couples. I though it was excellent value for money and extremely comfortable and freindly .

stayed here during a trip in September 07 and booked a deluxe room for both me and my girlfriend .

we stayed 7 nights during our family trip to hong kong. we had one executive suite and one standard room booked. the standard room was upgraded for free to deluxe and given on the same floor as the other room per our request... .

we were disappointed- when we arrived we could n't find the entrance its to the side with no sign posts I left my partner with the luggage at what we thought was the front , got to reception it then took them close to an hour to help us with the luggage. we had booked a double room in a high floor and was given a twin near the bottom. I found staff to be unhelpful and when we were moved to a double room where expected to tip for a second time .

we stayed here for one night on a stopover/catch up on sleep. We reserved the room through priceline for 100 $ , which I think was a bad deal to start with. I could get better hotels .

we just returned from our first trip to Hong Kong. We found the hotel via an old Frommer 's recommendation , but looked at many hotels online before booking on the hotel 's website. The hotel is a tremendous value for the quality we received. The staff was solicitous , the hotel very well appointed and extremely clean and up to date , the ambiance restful and the location superb. It was a short walk to the MTR which was easy to figure out and it was within walking distance to so many of the markets in Kowloon. My only negative was the size of the room small , but from what I hear of Hong Kong , it was no different from other hotels. I would not feel the need to stay anywhere else for our second trip to Hong Kong .

my family and I stayed at the Eaton from Dec. 26-31st and found our stay to be very comfortable. The rooms are clearly very small and not upgraded/updated , if you opt for a basic standard room , but where they lack in size is very much made up in service by staff. The front desk was always hospitable and the concierge fantastic. Before arriving , I had emailed requests for reservations at various restaurants in Hong Kong. Within a couple hours of my email request , I received a confirmation email detailing/confirming each night 's restaurant reservation ! Then , some 2 days before our arrival , I realized that I had not even thought of transfer service from the airport to the hotel for my large family with overloaded baggage . I emailed the concierge yet again , and they advised promptly with their bus ' availability to retrieve us from the airport ! The lobby is very clean and relatively spacious for a boutique sized hotel . Overall , our experince was wonderful and well worth the money .

the first impressions of the Eaton were excellent , we were given an upgrade on arrival which was a nice surprise and had a lovely room overlooking Nathan Road. Although the room was small , it had everything in it that we needed and we werent there enough for the size to worry us. The staff at this hotel are excellent and were so attentive ! ! We ate in the coffee shop on a few occassions and the food was lovely. I definatly recommend the supper buffet , it starts at 10.00 and costs only 108 dollars. Well worth it for the choice that was there...the deserts were so nice ! ! ! ! ! ! The location was great and gave us easy access to the markets and shops. Would stay at this hotel again , and would definatly recommend to anyone visiting Hong Kong .

we stayed for three nights in an executive room with access to the E-club with breakfast and free drinks 5.30-7.30 every evening. The E-club unfortunately is underground , it would have been nicer on the top floor with a view. They had a pool and gym there instead which looked nice. The room was OK in size , although the bed was rather queen than king size. The location is very good , near the Temple street market , metro , and for a taxi from/to the airport. If I go to HK again I will probably stay here again , and definitely in Kowloon rather than on the HK island .

i travelled to Hong Kong for a one week business trip. I normally stay on the Hong Kong but opted this time to try Kowloon. I got an executive upgraded room eclub level room and was looking forward to my stay .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel , en route to a wedding in Bali. The location was absolutely first class for the Jade Market , Ladies Market , Temple Street night market. The public transport system in Hong Kong leaves our UK one standing and the hotel was close by buses and trains .

fantastic location for shopping on Nathan Road. Short walk to the MRT which gave access to the whole city .

for the price , you ca n't really knock this place although we did get an online deal . The rooms are pretty small but we expected that ; however , they are clean and functional. The location is the best thing - very close to public transport , which is both cheap and reliable. Also good for the markets and shops and only a short walk from the waterfront. My only gripe was that we were overcharged when it came to paying the bill. Sure , mistakes can happen but we found three separate things and at makes me a little wary of their integrity. Would I stay there again ? Perhaps , but next time I would n't use any of the hotel facilities mini bar , massage etc.. .

we stayed at the Eaton hotel in May/ June '07 and we booked the Eaton Room. Although quite small I thought it was lovely , luxurious , clean and comfortable with modern amenties. I thought the class of this hotel was much higher than rated and would give it 4and a half stars ! I liked the digitally controlled lighting in the room and the ice machine on each floor was especially handy .

very well priced comfortable and modern hotel situated in between the Jordon and Yau Ma Tei Mass Transit Railway Stations like the Tube .

i have stayed twice in this hotel and on both occassions have found it to be great. The location , whilst not in the centre of Hong Kong , is fine. If you do n't mind walking , it 's about 15 minutes to the Star Ferry .

i stayed at this hotel with my wife and we both thought it was fantastic. The hotel staff are very polite and the hotel is clean and up to a high standard .

we spent 6 nights on vacation at the Eaton in an executive room with &quot ; E Club&quot ; . The room was good and had panoramic floor to ceiling windows looking out over Nathan Road. It â   s definitely worth booking the &quot ; E Club&quot ; as this provides access to a cosy lounge and includes breakfast , all day soft drinks , and evening nibbles and alcoholic refreshments. There are also a number of PC 's with free internet access , which are ideal for checking-in for your return flight .

we stayed in the Eaton in late October 2007 for 5 nights. We booked the executive room with access to the E club via the hotel website. This is a good idea as not only do you get a larger room for Hong Kong but you get access to the club with internet access , breakfast and drinks water tea during the day and alcohol for 2 hours in the evening .

i 've stayed here about 4 times in the past 6 years. I still think its a great hotel the best thing being a central location the reception , hallways , cafe and gym are all still great but the room I stayed in November 2007 was getting a bit tired definately needing a lick of paint. But I will still stay here again but will consider upgaring the rrom to a suite

stayed at the Eaton for 6 nights. Good position , very obliging happy and pleasant staff. Beautiful breakfast served every morning.Room small and clean . However hairdryer faulty wardrobe door fell off and the worst pillows I have ever slept on .

very nice hotel , friendly staff. Airco outside the room in the halls make a lot of noise. Stayed on the 20th floor. Recommendable .

we just spent 5 nights in the Eaton Hotel. After deliberating for weeks on which hotel to book we were thrilled with our final decision. The staff were ultra friendly and went way out of their way , the hotel was beautiful and glitsy enough for such a good rate. The location was perfect , 4 minutes from the MTR that can take you anywhere you'ld want. The hotel had computers and internet free of charge 24 hours a day , The breakfast was included in the reservation , which was perfect too. It 's a little difficult to find &quot ; breakfast&quot ; like we are used to in the states. Asian countries do n't eat breakfast like we do , but what the Eaton provided everyday was above and beyond. They also provided heavy hours d'ourvours and drinks each evening included in the room rate. The rooms were beautiful , and clean. All things considered the Eaton Hotel was perfect. I would n't change a thing !

we stayed at the Eaton for one night. We flew from Sanya to do a 2 day trip in Hong Kong. When we arrived at the Eaton I was pleased. It was in a good location in terms of shopping/eating etc .

i 've stayed several times at the Eaton and have not had any major problems. My most recent visit I upgraded to the &quot ; Excecutive Level&quot ; I was on a business trip so my company was paying for it - ~ C $ 180/nt and I received access to the &quot ; E&quot ; lounge , which offers free wi-fi internet access , 3-4 desktop terminals , free drinks pop , water , juice , some munchies mini-muffins , cookies and newspapers/magazines .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 7 nights and we could n't of been happier , the room has small but comfortable and modern ! Stayed on the 15th Floor and had excellent views of the busy streets below. The bathroom has modern also , my only gripe is that it did n't have an exhaust vent .

we stayed here as a party travelling from sanay the booking in was flawless the rooms adequate for what we needed it for the problem i found was that the windows did not shut so i woke up in the night with a frozen foot but apart from that it was ok small but fantastic location straight on nathan street about half an hour from the harbour where we watched the light show fantastic and slap bang in middle of all the shops

this great hotel is in a perfect location on Nathan Road , a few steps from the MTR station and all the shopping Hong Kong has to offer .

we have spent a wonderful time in Hongkong. The hotel is magnificent and we had a perfect service. It is situated in the heart of the city. Bus stop and train stations are only a few minutes walk from the hotel. It was hot and busy in the streets , but we could relax because of the peace in the hotel. Everything was clean and neat. The internet access in the internet cafe is perfectly organised

a smart , 4 * hotel with friendly and efficient reception staff. We 'd only booked the night before to escape the Ibis in North Point. Jason was superbly efficient and professional in explaining that our room was not yet ready so we did n't mind waiting one bit .

stayed 3 nights at Eaton Hotel. Used their limo service to get from airport with no problems at all , waiting for us , very friendly staff. Check in painless , although we were given a twin room instead of a double not a problem for 3 nights and asked to check in the morning if double available - we did n't feel the need. Really just used this as our base , did n't eat or drink there or use much of the facilities. However , it was very conveniently located , quiet considering the central location , and we found all staff extremely helpful and friendly. Would definitely recommend and stay there in future if visiting Hong Kong. Rooms admittedly on the small side , but had everything required for a short stay ! !

spent 2 nights at the Eaton Hotel and based on the emotions of my wife and 2 kids on leaving , we had a great time. Service was good , rooms were small but good , aircon worked well and shower provided plenty of hot water .

the Eaton seemed to fit the bill-its in kowloon near the famous Nathan street shopping area .

just returned from the Eaton in Hong Kong. Good rooms for the price , you dont need a suite , your visiting one of the busiest cities in the world. Our room was clean , comfortable , air conditioned , clean had a great shower and wonderful hospitality. Would definately recommend , we did n't upgrade to &quot ; E Club&quot ; didnt feel the need , lots to see and do locally , great location , busy all around , always felt welcome .

we stayed at the Eaton in Sept 2007 for 6 nights. The quality of the newly renovated room as excellent for the price and the service and staff were all top notch .

standard ROOMS - not renovated .

you 'd think reserving a room for three would give the hotel a heads up the number of people coming to stay. We arrived around 1am yet we were missing one bed and set of blanket sheets , pillow and blanket... Not to mention the third set of toiletries and towel ! They tried charging us for the extra bed but they were saw reason when we explained the downfalls to their room they provided us .

stayed here from Sep 2 to Sep 5th. Booked a Suite through hotel 's own website. Keep in mind , this was one of their &quot ; old&quot ; suites , not the new ones with all the fancy technology. Had also booked limo pickup on arrival .

my second visit to Hong Kong in less than a year...I admit I really like this place ! My first time , I stayed in Mong Kok so I wanted to try a different location since I wanted to explore more of the areas I did n't get to go to the last time. Most of my planned destinations were going to be more in the south Victoria Peak and HK Island + a day trip to Macau , but I still wanted to eat and shop up north , so I thought being in the middle of Kowloon would serve me best. I could n't have asked for a more perfect spot. The MTR was just a few minutes away around the block , and getting here and there was so convenient. I stayed in the &quot ; Eaton Room&quot ; which was n't the largest room I 've ever stayed in , but it was n't the smallest either. For a single person like myself , it was just right. I 'm sure 2 people it would n't be a problem either , unless you enjoy playing catch with a football. It had nice , neat , modern , and stylish decor which made me feel relaxed and comfortable. It also had features , such as iHome great to plug my iPod and charge/listen to my music , a flat-screen LCD TV and broadband internet access I did n't have a laptop so did n't get to use . I had a queen bed with feather pillows which were quite comfortable and clean looking which I could really appreciate. Next to the bed was a small desk and chair setup for gathering my documents and looking over my trip dossier. The bathroom was also clean and bright with a modern and stylish sink. Suffice it to say , I was very pleased with my accommodations. I got to use the pool upstairs which was enjoyable. I was taking swimming classes the semester before my trip and I was glad I got to practice my strokes. It 's a pretty small pool so I 'm not sure what it 's like if there were more than 3 people there. My time spent there , I was always by myself so I could n't complain. Next door to the pool area was the hotel gym. It had a good amount of equipment and free weights to use. Again , the times I used it , there was n't anyone there so that was cool no waiting to use equipment . Lots of tvs to distract you and a nice view out the window when you 're taking a water break. After , there 's a little changing room at the side with lockers and where you can shower. My choice to visit HK when I did was unfortunate because some big tech convention was going on and as a result , hotels all over were booked up and prices were n't what I would have preferred. My costs for 3 nights including 15 % off for 3 night stay was 3740HKD + 486.20HKD = 4226.20HKD $ 542.10 , or $ 180.70/night . Kind of pricey for my cheap [ -- ] , but it was bad timing on my part plus I deserve a treat one in a while. Probably better rates on a non-convention weekend. But , again , the centralized location and features offered at the Eaton made my stay worthwhile. The hotel overall was very nice and appealing .

i had read many reviews of the Eaton Hotel on Tripadvisor , not quite convinced that it was the best selection , but I booked it anyways in hopes of a good choice .

after reading previous reviews I was a bit skeptical and unsure what to expect .

lets get this out of the way. One of the best hotels we have stayed in during our worldwide travels. We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel .

my husband and I and our 2 teenage children boy and girl stayed at Eaton for 4 nights on a stopover going back to USA for home leave. Upon arrival at the airport , we were given the option of the bus shuttle or a limo which ended up being a better value than the bus . We had a smooth ride via Mercedes to the Hotel. Check in was late and a bit hectic but no problems. However , our rooms were not interconnecting as requested and reserved. Unfortunately , our 2 different sex children had to share a room and the same bed for the night...... Our complaints were heard and of course as the hotel was completely booked , we were unable to change the room until the following day. And , the only room 'available ' was several floors below ours. Not really a drama but , had the children been younger , we would have insisted on another option. We also received a 'discount ' for the room change which always helps...... There is a significant change in rooms the higher one goes in the hotel floorwise. Our room was fabulous and more than adequate for the 2 of us...........very clean , recently renovated and had a good smell. However , our children 's room was dated and smelly......... I would recommend upon making reservations that one request a newly renovated room. The entire hotel is undergoing renovation and will be stunning once it 's completed .

reservation : stayed at Eaton for 9 nts. in Jul/Aug. I made reservation via the hotel web-site in May. Between May &amp ; July , every time I checked back , price had gone down. I cancelled &amp ; rebooked 3 times for better rates - saved HK $ 3,887.2 !

we stayed at Eaton Hotel at Nathan Road for 3 nights in July. Made the reservation as we had read previous reviews seemed ok and we wished to stay a few nights in Kowloon , near the tourist attractions such as the Temple street night market and Nathan Road .

we loved the Eaton.. Nice look to the rooms , very clean. Good shopping around the hotel. The location is between metro stops... which was good but sometimes a bit of a walk .

we stayed here for 4 days at the Eaton on the first leg of our honeymoon .

i 've just returned from a 10 night stay at the Eaton. This was a combi business / pleasure trip and I stayed in an executive room with

i stayed in the Eaton Hotel for one week last year. Through Expedia we booked a double superior room. At the arrival we were brought to our room and given a superior , at least we thought so. We asked this to the bellboy and yes he said it was a superior room we would stay in. After some days we started doubting about this because the other rooms were bigger. We asked about it at the reception desk and then the problems started. We showed our booking and the first person told our room was not a superior room. So we asked for the superior which they refused to gave us. We had to argue a lot and had a fight with the front desk. Finally we were given a room which we had paid for after they tried to put us in another room which was not a superior again . This battle took us like 3 hours and lots of energy. We were very dissapointed by the service of the front desk. Hotel facilites are okay , nice pool and good breakfast/lunch area in the basement with free internet. But the service certainly lacks. Would never return here because of that .

service is great the moment you step into the hotel , a 4 stars hotel with a 5 stars service .

we stayed at the Eaton hotel as part of a two week honeymoon to the far east. The hotel was told in advance that we would be staying there as part of our honeymoon as we were advised by our travel agent that we would receive complimentary fruit and free upgrade to the next category room .

i stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 2 nights and found it to be in a great location for shopping and sightseeing. I was upgraded from a standard room to an Eaton Club room on arrival. Room was small , but had everything I needed , was very clean and new. The pool and gym are also great. Close to the Jordan MTR station , Tin Hau Temple , Night Markets and many restaurants and shops. Short train ride to anywhere ! My favourite hotel in Hong Kong !

we were @ Eaton from 30th May till 5th June 07. Booked the Grand Suite as we had children , and was like a 2-bedroom suite. Checked in - in the room by the Asst Mgr. The E-Club lounge Mgrs Ms Mimi is by far the most helpful person we met. The room was kept clean by Ms Kitty of Hskp. Fantastic staff overrall. Location not that great , but a 10-min walk to Jordan MTR. Night market 2 roads away. McD 's just across the road. We enjoyed our stay very much .

we stayed at the Eaton for 2 days in April 07. The thing that stood out about the Eaton was the quality of the service - it was excellent right from the airport pickup. We booked the club room with E-club privileges and were very pleased with our decision. The morning breakfast is top-notch and they also have an evening happy hour which makes for an welcome break in the evening. The hotel is well located , couple of blocks from the Jordan MTR and an easy walk to Mong Kok. The street markets Ladies , Temple , Jade are all within walking distance. Overall it was a great place to stay and we would highly recommend it .

a really good hotel , from the very start the service was excellent and worthy of an upgrade to the Executive rooms. The E-Club is very good with friendly and relaxed service .

just stayed here one night on a fleeting visit 2-day visit after a business trip to Singapore to hit the shops. Never stayed here previously , though was impressed with sister hotel Langham Place in Mongkok when I stayed there this time last year .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 8 nights. We had two standard rooms booked and were prepared for a pretty small room based on reviews we had read but were presently surprised. We had 2 adjoining rooms between the 3 of us and had two single beds in each and found there was enough room on the floor for all our bags and our shopping. Although the standard rooms were n't flash , they were very clean , well presented and felt comfy .

stayed at the Eaton in April for 5 nights. Loved this hotel. its in a fantastic location , walk to MTR Station , walk to markets , shops , everything ! Very nice rooms , small of course but all Hong Kong hotels have small rooms I believe. Rooftop pool is lovely and the buffet breakfast included is to die for ! Staff were very friendly and the hotel had a lovely atmosphere. Highly recommended .

rooms were very small and we needed two upgrades before we were happy. Ended up with and Eaton Club room Executive suite on the 16th floor. These are about $ 3000.00hk a night but , but if you are staying more than a couple of days , this would be more comfortable. The club room came with it 's own 1st floor staff , free internet , and free drinks and food from 6.00pm to 8pm. American breakfast on the 4th floor was so , so. Ist floor staff were great and more familar with western requirements. You can book in and out through this reception. Location was central ,a choice between the two MTR subway staitions , still had you walking a couple of blocks either way. Temple street markets across the road , with general night market in one street then food the next. Everone was getting into the food if you new what to get. Again we decided to go it a lone regards tours. A long walk to the harbour stopping at most of the large department stores , then a Star Ferry to Hong Kong Island then a bus to the Stanley Markets and repulse bay was achievable but a full day. Another trip along the same lines to the Peak just about coverered what you could see in a short time. Overall ideal for the business man or a short stay.Money changer across the road from the main car prk entrance was consistant .

i stayed at the Eaton frm 17 March for 6nights. Booked the executive room. Great for space not much of a view though. If you get the 180 degree window room , ur looking over part of Nathan Rd. If you get the slighty bigger room , u have no view at all. I stayed 1night at the slightly bigger one but then asked to move to the 180 degree window as i wanted some kind of view .

i was there twice in March .

  nights in this compfy and modern big hotel. Think we had standard queen room , size was ok with modern decor , big compfy bed and great view of downtown Kowloon. Great location , walking distance to lots of shops , parks , bars and restaurants. Has rooftop spa and pool with relaxed feel and again great views of city. Hotel offers great value for money rates especialy on their website and if your a travel agent you get a very good discount. Disapointed with staff customer service except for spa/pool staff , he was very sweet. Would definately go back .

we stayed at the Eaton , Hong Kong for 4 days in Nov 2006. The hotel is VERY central , and close to the Temple Street Night Market 3min walk and on Nathan Road which has 100 's of shops .

the Eaton is everything you would desire for a good and comfortable stay,well located on Nathan Rd in Kowloon .

everyone we met were exceptionally polite and helpful. The room , although small , was very comfortable , clean and new. I would stay at Eaton again on my next visit to Hong Kong because of its great value. A little gem !

we stayed for three nights in Hong Kong from Jan10-14. We booked and Executive Room for the increased space and access to the E-Club .

i stayed at this hotel between 2-5 Feb 2007 as part of a stopover to Australia package. I booked a Superior room which was on the 14th floor. This was certainly high enough to escape any ambient noise from the hotel or from the traffic down below on Nathan Road. The room was of a decent , but not exceptional size , the double bed was large , clean and comfortable if a little on the firm side. The bathroom was clean and well-stocked with toiletries and two fresh bottles of water every day a nice touch I thought . There is a free-to-use safe in the room for storing your valuables. The room also has a TV with channels showing English Premiership football and BBC World for those who like a taste of home .

the Eaton was very near to all the markets and shops and easy access to Hong Kong Island .

lovely hotel , with friendly staff. Only problem was that we were on the 11th floor but were still kept awake by the noise of the traffic. Be careful we booked an executive room but were put into a club room , although we did question this at check in but to no avail. 20mins walk to Harbour , right in the heart of the shopping centre , short walk to night market .

stayed at the Eaton two nights end of January. Small but nicely furnished rooms , great shower/bath , beautiful swimming pool on roof. Nice exercise room , but did find elipitical machine not working. Other equipment all worked fine. Staff very accomadating , everybody polite and helpful. Within a couple of blocks of Temple street and Jade markets. Subway also within two blocks. E club worth extra price , I was picked up at the airport in a luxury bus , very nice happy hour and breakfast. Will stay here again if I return to Hong Kong .

given frequent complaints about small hotel rooms in Hong Kong and the excellent room rates available at the Eaton , I booked a suite. Very nice room ; decent size. Hotel in good condition. Being allowed to check in at 8am after overnight flight was a bonus. Good location for Jade Market , Temple Street night market , etc. Probably my hotel of choice on return to Hong Kong .

we found the Eaton Hotel to be a great choice , especially location. Opposite the temple markets , a few hundred metres from Jordan MTR. Walking distance to ladies market and down to the harbour although I must confess we did use the MTR on more than one occassion . Rooms were as we had expected in Hong Kong - small but were more than comfortable. The smorgasborg breakfast was sensational - fully cooked if you wanted and delicious fruits. and allowed us to generally skip lunch. Drinks in the hotel were pricy , as they seemed to be everywhere in Hong Kong. Under the Hotel was a really nice coffee shop with free internet access. We usually ate on one of the street restaurants in Temple street - had no problems. All in all a very happy .

stayed in the Eaton Hotel for two nights from 16-18 January as part of our honeymoon .

my husband &amp ; I stayed at the Eaton Hotel for 5 nights from 11 January until 16 January.The hospitality &amp ; friendliness displayed by the staff whilst we stayed here was to be commended ! The hotel 's position ie close to the Temple Street &amp ; the Ladies Markets proved to be an asset along with the convenience of Underground Railway System closeby.I would thoroughly recommend staying at the Eaton Hotel ! ! !

my boyfriend and I stayed in a Superior Room at Eaton Hotel. It was wonderfully furnished - exactly as shown in their website at -----------. The room was of an ok size - you do not feel claustrophobic inside , and the bathroom was great. Bathtub , toothbrush set , shower cap and all the usual works. There was also a fruit basket welcoming us on the first day. A pity it was not refilled : 0

we stayed at the Eaton for 2 nights , the rooms are very small I would say good for a stop over. People in our group upgraded and still not satisfied. The Hotel is busy with renovations so if you think to rest after a long flight forget it. The staff not very helpful , did not even attend to my complaint about the noise. If you a big person and try to fit in the bath good luck ! ! !

while on my normal trip and stay at this wonderful facility , a Certain fellow and what looked to be a Russian Prostitute kept us awake all night. Their constant use of Hairspray and building airplane models at all hours was deplorable .

i recently stayed in the Eaton Hotel on a stopover for 2 nights whilst travelling to Australia with my parents and brother. I booked , and received interconnecting rooms. Upon reaching the hotel from the airport we were greeted by friendly efficient staff both in the lobby and at reception. Rooms were small but then I already new this having read reports on Tripadvisor. We were warned about ongoing refurbishment works but to be honest these did not impact on our stay at all - I believe they are due for completion in early January. Rooms were clean , tidy and bathrooms had a plentiful supply of toiletries if that 's your sort of thing .

a true gem in the middle of Kowloon. Situated right on Nathan Road dont let that Oasis like photo on their website fool you . Nevertheless , the hotel is well equipped with plenty of restaurants and lounges and appears to have a very lively following of guests from around the world. Book using the web and discover a hidden gem called the EClub. A delightful and trendy lounge on the first floor available all day long for selected guests. Complimentary beverages all day long with a continental breakfast and happy hour plus free internet access. We actually didnt need to pay for breakfast a couple of mornings without intending to do so. The staff was friendly and courteous. Careful of the renovations though , not all rooms are completed yet .

we like to contribute with this objective review as non-profit tripadvisor with some usefull tips for frequent-travellers what to do and remarks about this hotel on this location in Hong Kong mainland-Kowloon like us who likes always to get what they expect .

my husband and I just returned from spending 4 days at the Eaton HOtel and were very pleased with our choice .

lovely hotel in a great , but busy , location. Away from most of the hustle and bustle on Nathan Road , but near enough to enjoy it .

we - 4 adults and 2 children from Denmark - stayed at Eaton 26-29th september 06. We had via hotels.com reserved a double room , which should be oh so nice .

this was by far the best value hotel we could find in Hong Kong when travelling with small children ages 2 5 &amp ; 7 . It was important to have interconnecting rooms to allow us some space. The cost can be blown out by this but at the Eaton the rooms were small but adequate and comfortable and about 40 % cheaper than elsewhere for the same requirement .

stayed at the Eaton on the last day of my 10 day trip business trip to China. Booked the hotel on line through their website as the price was great for a 4 star HK hotel 900HKD . Reserved a Queen , Non Smoking Superior Room , which was recently renovated with Plasma TV. Stayed in room 1313 accross from Elevator .

brilliant hotel , we were on our way to new zealand and stayed at the eaton hong kong for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon , and they upgraded our room and gave us a lovely bottle of champagne ! The room was a club executive room which was massive and so luxiorus ! the staff are amazing and helpful and the club lounge was great with free internet access all day long and free drinks and champagne and breakfast. Its definetly worth having a club room as when we spoke to some brits who were staying in a basic room they were saying how horrible and pokey it was and that breakfast was so expensive to have as it wasent included in their package .

as a former manager of a hotel I can truly say that my stay in the Eaton Hotel is one of the best I have experienced lately. The staff is very effective and friendly. Especially the Eaton Club package is one of exclusive pampering.The Dim Sum restaurant in the basement is excellent and the Aroma Caf Ã © serves the best Cafe Latte. Rooms are very comfortable with great beds .

the arrival at the Eaton hotel at Nathan Road was a good start. The very friendly people came directly towards us and helped us with the luggage. In the great and clean room there were fresh flowers. Special of the hotel was the so called E Club , during the whole day there were drinks and snacks available and in the morning a good breakfast buffet and in the evening tastefull hors d'oevres. Every day we had clean towels and blankets. Also the swimming pool and gym was very fine .

we chose the Eaton Hotel based on price and location. It is on Nathan Road , just across the street from the Temple St night markets and is halfway between two MTR stations .

there is no free airport shuttle bus that goes directly from Kowloon to Eaton Hotel , but it was about a 7 minute walk from the bus stop at Jordan station to the hotel .

we travelled to Hong for the third time in 12 months and once more stayed at the Eaton as we had enjoyed our time here before. This time though the Eaton Club was up and running in full force , we received private check in and the girls are so helpful and lovely , then found we had been upgraded to a suite .

our room was on the small side compared with western standards , but we were expecting this after reading the reviews of Hong Kong hotels on this website. BUT the bed was the most comfortable ever. Bathroom also tight , but not inconvenient. Room very clean but did smell badly of cigarettes despite it being classed as &quot ; smoke free&quot ; . No spare rooms available to relocate , so housekeeping did special cleaning of room to remove as much smell as possible. Was acceptable after that .

great hotel -stayed during August 2006. Excellent service / food / pool. Hotel staff could n't be better. Rooms slightly on the small side but very clean and well equipped. Would definately stay there again. The hotel is situated on Nathan Road and it takes around 20 mins to walk from the hotel to the harbour. A real MUST is to visit the Aqua bar / restaurant at 1 Peking Road , Kowloon - absolutely fantastic about 30 floors up with magnificent views at night of Hong Kong Island .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel from the 15th to the 19th of August 2006 and enjoyed our stay tremendously .

we stayed here about a week ago. As a thirtysomething backpacking couple , we found it clean , central and quiet .

although I am now a teacher prior to this I spent twenty plus years in sales the last ten of which in corporate finance with the Bank of Scotland Group. During that time as I am sure you will understand I had occassion to stay on business in many hotels including... Tower Bride , London...... The George...... Edinburgh , Gleneagles Hotel etc....etc.... I am pleased to tell you now that none of these previous experiences managed to measure up to the service I enjoyed at Eaton Hotel Hong Kong. This was really down to the check in at reception which left both my wife and myself feeling very positive about our decision not only to stay in Hong Kong but to stay at Eaton. The first impression could not have been better and as you know you can not remake a first impression. I am pleased to report that the excellent job that Mykee had done was backed up by a similar level of performance by every other member of Eaton staff that we came into contact during our visit.................. We will return although the distance involved may mean that it will take longer than we would like .

booked Eaton Hotel , last minute via Asiahotels

to travellers looking for a hotel in Hong Kong

we encountered several problems with our stay at the Eaton. Firstly despite us booking 3 weeks in advance and being guaranteed a late check in they had somehow completely run out of non smoking rooms , after a complaint we were told although it was a smoking room we would be able to be upgraded to a club room. On the second day we spent a lovely day in Hong Kong but returned in the afternoon to find that we could no longer enter our room. The receptionists were most rude and accused us of only paying for one night and failing to check out , 11 : 30pm at night and half an hour of arguing the confirmation number it seems is not enough proof they finally let us in to the room where I luckily had a full print out of the confirmation so avoided paying for the room twice , a quick unapologetic sorry was uttered. Finally my dress hanging in the wardrobe mysteriously 'disappeared ' - I spoke with at least 4 different members of staff to no avail , housekeeping said they had not seen a dress and it was not in their possession. I did n't get the dress back - so please lock your cases if you stay here .

after reading the previous reviews of this hotel on this site , we were a little apprehensive about staying at the Eaton Hotel but it was lovely. The communal areas such as the breakfast area etc were excellent. Our room was a little tired but renovations are expected. It was clean and not the box room I was expecting and we had an excellent view of Nathan Road , especially at night with all the neon signs lit up. The hotel was only a few minutes walk from the Jordan MTR stop which was very handy as this was our main mode of transport. The hotel is literally over the road from the Temple Street night market which we went to twice. There is also a pool on the top floor and although we did n't use it , we went to have a look for the views of the city at it looked fantastic. We ate breakfast here every morning and we could n't have asked for a wider selection. It was a little expensive but was worth it and saved us the hassle of trying to find somewhere else. All in all we had a very plesant stay .

i was in Hong Kong for six weeks , staying on Hong Kong Island , so I wanted to stay at a hotel in Kowloon that was not &quot ; special occasion&quot ; like the Peninsula , but which would provide me with a certain level of comfort to get over my jetlag and get used to HK. After much research on TripAdvisor , the Eaton won over and I must say that I was not disappointed in the least .

i held my wedding banquet of 25 tables in the Diamond Ballroom in March , 2006. The reason why I choose Eaton Hotel is just because of the reasonable price and the beautiful ballroom , I really did n't expect too much...... this is the feeling of me before my banquet date .

my boyfriend and I stayed here for a week at the end of March/beginning of April 2003. We had booked a superior room in advance , as we 'd seen pictures of the huge curved glass windows. We were disappointed to find we did n't have one of these windows we had a sofa instead ! , but when we queried this with reception the next morning , they moved us without any fuss at all. Neither of the rooms were huge , but by Hong Kong standards , they were palatial !

althought the room size is a bit small but service in overall is great. The staff provided some wonderful &amp ; memorable arrangement for my honeymoon especially the Concierge .

we spent one night and half a day at the Eaton Hotel-We were pleasently surprised to find that it was clean and the staff were very helpful-It had a very nice Planters Bar which you could get a drink and snack. I would reccomend this hotel as a stopover .

i ordered a Superior Room , which is advertized as bigger than a Standard Room and it costs more . The Superior Room was the smallest room I have had in Hong Kong. Very Tiny. Far better value and bigger rooms as nearby hotels .

a colleague and I stayed at the Eaton for 4 nights. I quite liked it , nice restaurant and bar area , cute patio and downstairs coffee shop. The rooms are very basic , nothing to love or hate there. Internet charges are daily , I think $ 120 HK , but if you go down to the coffee shop they have internet on a couple computers for free. One nice thing , the mattress was nice and soft , my other Chinese hotels had mattresses like boards. I would definately stay there again .

i have recently returned from Hong Kong and spent 11 nights in the Eaton Hotel with my boyfriend. The hotel itself was lovely. The reception area was particulary nice and the staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were average. Compact but clean although in need of a bit of re-decoration. However , during our visit we were not there to sit in the hotel room ! We paid Â £ 32 per person per night , which I thought was excellent value for money. The location of the hotel was good , with the Jordan MTR only 2 minutes walk away. All the MTR 's are well signposted and easy to use. I would certainly recommend this hotel to other travellers .

my husband and I stayed here for four nights before going to Bali as part of our honeymoon .

we stayed in Eaton hotel in April for 3 nights. We in Indonesia got great package from Cathay Pacific called Hong Kong Supercity Package for plane and hotel excluding breakfast . For two people sharing a standard bed room for 3 nights in Eaton Hotel we paid only USD 1086 , including plane ticket Jakarta to Hong Kong vv , shuttle bus by VIGOR from/to airport and extra baggage 10 kilos per person , one day unlimited MTR ride card , Cathay Pacific folding bag , half day tour to Aberdeen and Victoria Peak , etc. What a great deal ! Eaton hotel surprisingly is a very good hotel. We got standard room in 9th floor , it a is soundproof rrom as our room facing the large and noisy Nathan Road. We can use 4 free internet boots in hotel 's Aroma Cafe. We just need to order coffee they serve ILLY coffee or juice. We had an free early check in at 11.00 am. We were happy for this. The room size is OK , but definitely not spacious. But warning , they charge you local phone. Better to use the 2 phones at the lobby which is free of charge if you dial local number. The half day tour is definitely a tourist trap. The bus take you to Jewelry Factory , and the bus ' tour leader persuade me to buy something , which is OK if you have desire to do so or has interest with jewelry. But no for a budget traveller like us. From Eaton hotel we can walk to Jordan MTR station or Yau Ma Tei MTR Station. It is only one MTR station ride to TST from Jordan. It took us about 10 minutes to both stations as the hotel is in the middle of two stations. Starbuck is in the corner of the street in case you do n't like ILLY coffee .

we enjoyed out stay at the Eaton Hotel. We stayed there for two nights in the month of March. We got to the hotel by taxi and found the hotel to be nicely decorated with a friendly staff. The hotel was undergoing renovation , so there was a lot of construction. However , the lobby,lower ground , fitness facilities were all easily accesible and nice. There is free internet at the LG level inside the cafe .

just back , four nights and was extremely pleased. Found the place to be immaculate , the room compact and comfortable , staff friendly and helpful. Excellent price/service ratio ; paid HKD 700 first night , 850 subsequent , upgrade superior room. Good location as a starting point to discover.Good overall experience !

i stayed at this hotel for one night , booked at the last minute and believe I paid too much for a below average room US $ 117 . I had considered staying in a cheap guesthouse but as I had only one night in HKG , I thought I 'd splurge and treat myself to something 'nice' .

i stayed 8 nights in the Eaton &quot ; Club&quot ; part of the Hotel , room 1210. The room rate was arranged through Carlson Wagonlits at HKD 1200 per night. My room was above average as good as some 5 star I have been in with a view of the street that 's about the only choice considering the location . Ethernet Internet available in room , but costing HKD 4/min with a maximum of HKD200/day. Why am I expecting it to be free ?

i stayed here recently with my friend for 3 nights. The price was good through Expedia Â £ 500 , considering a flight alone would have cost Â £ 430

this is the 2nd hotel I have stayed in HK. Compared to the 1st hotel which I have stayed before...Eaton 's rooms are much more smaller. The beds are sinking and needs a change ! Anyway , the lobby and public area is so nice but the rooms are really lousy. Time to renovate ! In terms of convenience...still needs to walk about 10mins before we reach the MTR station .

we booked the Eaton through United Airlines and selected the hotel mainly for the price. I was a little apprehensive because the reviews seem to run hot or cold , no middle ground. Yes , our room was small and truthfully needed to be repainted , but for the price we paid , $ 1010 for 9 nights , which included the buffet breakfast , we thought the hotel was great. Although the selection never changed in the buffet there was enough variety so you never got bored. The fresh fruit was fabulous ! ! The staff in the restaurant and front desk were excellent. The lobby is small but beautiful. Feed the fish in the pond outisde just sneak some crackers from the buffet . As others mentioned , good location. Five minute walk to the Jordan subway station. We were in Hong Kong 10 days Fri - Sun and loved it. On the go every day .

stayed at Eaton hotel from 15 - 18 December 2005. The hotel is very clean and new. Staff is friendly and very pleasant. Size of the standard room is bigger than expected. Excellent by HongKong 's standards .

this was the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. I booked it through hotels which only had a few reviews. I like this site better because of the abundant reviews. The blankets were extremely dirty and felt sticky. The water was brown , tv only had 4 channels , room was really small. For $ 100 us dollars , i thought i would get a decent room but did not. I requested a non smoking room. when i checked in at 5pm , the room was still not ready. i finally checked in at 6pm but when i got to the room it was a smoking room. They said I had to wait for a non smoking room. I did see another room but it was just as bad. The lobby and cafe was nice , clean and modern. The staff all spoke english and was generally pretty nice. It was about half a mile from the main shopping , at least were you see most people hanging out. I would only stay in this hotel if they had the rooms that are pictured .

the Eaton is situated on Nathan Road which is in one of the main areas of Kowloon. The hotel provides a shuttle bus service , so if you go to location B4 when you clear customs , it 'll cost you approx. $ 120HKD which is a bargain. While our room was a little on the small size , it was clean , comfortable and had everything we needed. The staff were extremely friendly and attentive , nothing was too much trouble for them. There is free internet access in the aroma coffee shop on the lower ground floor , and a lovely warm pool on the roof which is worth a look. The Star Ferry is about a 30 minute walk where you can get the very cheap ticket to Hong Kong Central. The Soho and Lan Kwai Fong areas are definately worth a look for plenty of bars and restaurants which have a great atmosphere. 5pm-9pm in many of them is happy hour which made them even better otherwise it might turn out a bit pricey. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay in HK .

we spent three days at Eaton , starting on Christmas day .

i agree with most of the reviews and comments as they are most helpful .

hong Kong is not well known for its hotels so I guess I can say Eaton was above my expectations. The hotel is located in the middle of Nathan Road which makes shopping a convenience. Walking towards one direction brings you to Tsim sha Tsui whereas in the other direction you have Mong Kok. It has a good location and is about 10 minutes walk to Jordan MTR. Staff as agreed by many others were friendly and speak good English. I booked a twin bed room but requested a single queen bed upon arrival and got it. Throughout our stay , we were greeted by almost every staff including the room maids. Agree that room is small but which room in Hong Kong is n't ? , but it is clean and bathroom comes with amenities. Well , actually the rooms has relatively good views most rooms actually face the road , but do n't expect harbour views and things like that. Some hotels in Hong Kong actually face windows of the building next door which is worse ! I would say it is an adequate hotel for its price and would definitely stay there again .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel during a stopover at the beginning of our holiday to Australia. Upon arriving at the hotel we were impressed with the Hotel Staff and the first impression of the hotel reception area was very good up to the point of opening our hotel room door. What a contrast , the room was in need of a major revamp not just a lick of paint. The room and bathroom were exceptionally small. We had to keep moving our suitcases around the room to maximise the available space. At night the suitcases where placed up against the door , not so we felt more secure but so we would not fall over them if we had to go the loo during the night. Thank goodness it was only for three nights and we spent the minimum time at the hotel. Definitely NOT value for money .

just come back from a 13 night stint in HK staying at the Eaton Hotel .

my husband , mother and I stayed at the Eaton for 4 nights. We had a suite which had a separate bedroom. The living room had a sofa which pulled out to a bed for my mother. When made , the bed took up the whole room of the living room. Yes , even the suites are small but I expected this from pre trip research about Hong Kong hotel rooms. The bathroom was outside the bedroom which made it easy for all 3 of us. There was a welcoming tray of fruit , candy , wine , and water upon arrival in our room. Check in was very pleasant and the courteous. The location was convenient to the MTR and very close to the night market. We really liked that the Aroma cafe had free internet access. Breakfast at Aroma was very basic and if you have a choice of paying for it with the room or not , I recommend that you save your money and get it outside of the hotel. Other encounters with hotel staff were pretty basic and just alright. The biggest negative is that we paid way too much for this hotel. We paid $ 1100 for the 4 nights using Hotels. Due to the late reservation , and convention in town nothing else was available. On a side note , we checked out at 6 am. We decided to take a taxi to the airport since we had taken one to the hotel for only HK 260. Research said to expect no more than HK350 .Expecting about the same cost , once at the airport he said it was HK 460. He did something to his counter which jacked the price up. After some disagreement , he took HK400. It was a disappointing end to our trip .

this hotel is a a fine base for a week in Hong Kong. Although the standard room was on the small size , it was clean , had everthing we needed , and was serviced daily. This included a full set of clean towels and bottled water every day .

on the first night When I check in they put me in a smoking room. I went down stair and requested a change of my room it took them five hours to get it ready. To my surprise My non smoking room still smell of cigrette. I dont complain because we were very tired. Second day after a long day of site seeing I went back to the hotel to take a shower to my surprise there were no towel. I complain to the front desk and they sent me some towels. The last day of my stay when i ask the man who is in charge baggage handler if my airport transfer arrive please notify me. We sat for a half an hour waiting for the bus. while all the time bus was already here waiting for us. We found this place service were horrible even for a 3 star. Plus the room were in a horrible shape. .

my wife and I stayed there for three nights , in a standard room , using expedia 's excellent rate of about $ 105/night , and were not disappointed. We had spent the night previous at the booth lodge but were dissatisfied with the room and the smell , so we went to an internet cafe and booked this room .

i would never stay at this hotel again if i went to hong kong again. from the first day we were treated like one off the locals and we were a tourist.the room was the only way to put it was shocking no hot water at night warm water in the morning bed was made by staff if they felt like it front desk needs to take a lesson on how to deal with there guests in a freindly manner never again,. i would stay in another hotel or sleep in the street before i stayed at the eaton again .

i basically agree with all of the positive comments made by previous reviewers. Standard room was big enough for two , clean and well appointed , bar and restaurant were good , although we did have a couple of problems with our orders I never complain too much as their English is far better than my Chinese ! . Staff very helpful and very friendly. The coffee shop in the basement Aroma ? is excellent , and there are four free internet terminals you can use there .

stayed at Eaton hotel from 16th September-25th September.I read the reviews from a few sites and arrived with little expectations. However , from my experience , Eaton hotel was great , they were very helpful and friendly. Also upon arrival you recieve a little discount book for their hotel. We also went to the gym and the pool , both were clean. The staff were very polite and helpful with alot of things. Also , we had room service everyday , free newspaper daily , free use of phones to make local calls also free use of internet down at the cafe. The location was very close to temple street market and cheap food and laundry service. So if you on a budget , you should consider this hotel.Also , we requested for a non smoking room , although it was a non smoking floor we could smell smoke in our room , so we complained to fronkdesk and they immediately changed us to level 18 .

i have just spent 4 nights here after trying in vain to get into one of the hotels on HK island. Booking it straight off the internet without any fuss , and at a rock bottom rate , so my expectations were not running too high .

i was in jam and needed a place for 4 nights in Hong Kong , I was already there and booked via Expedia from an Internet Cafe on Hong Kong Island .

stayed there for week in August. After looking at its location and reading some of the reviews I was uncertain that this was a good choice in accommodation. Boy was I wrong !

the staff are at least polite although I am not sure they actually understood English !

small dingey rooms with black marks on the wall. small tv and a horrible view from the standard room small window. The bar area was nice though offering live music some nights with a good atmosphere. the pool was great but even the view from there was spoilt by small windows and the gym was tiny. better hotels around the TST area like the sheraton

the hotel is very modern and has good facilities : gym etc. Room size is smaller than European standards , but we understand this is typical in HK. Very clean , friendly staff and free internet ! Good 3 * hotel .

we stayed at the Eaton Hotel in June for 7 nights .

if you are looking for a hotel that is central to everything then this is it. We stayed here for 7 nights in June and were very impressed with all aspects of the hotel .

stayed at the Eaton in May 2005 in a standard room. Rooms were smallish but still quite adequate with large bathrooms and comfortable bedding. Staff and service were exceptional. If you are going to Hong Kong to shop it is in ideal location next to the night Markets and halfway up Nathan Rd and 5 minutes walk to the MTR. And if you go to Hong Kong get an Octopus card to travel with as they make getting around Hong Kong a breeze .

upon arrival the Eaton hotel gives the impression that your stay will be fabulous. Helpful bellmen , decent check in , nice lobby , good selection of restaurants AND free managers cocktail happy hour from 6-8pm .

we stayed two weeks and felt like home ! People were professional , curteous and very friendly. The rooms are great and have a wonderful view panoramic view. Location is excellent as it 's right between two underground stations. The price was bargained down due to the duration to an excellent amount .

the Eaton is a fairly nice hotel. The staff is always eager to help. Rooms are clean....a tad small as all standard Asian hotels are , but the bathroom was larger than I expected. The Aroma Coffe shop has some good fruits/muffins/yogurts , plus 4 free internet computers expect to wait a few minutes for one of the computers to become available . The rooftop gym and pool are small , but nice. Plus , there were rarely more than 3 or 4 people using any of the facilities , so it served as a nice tranquil getaway from the loudness and energy of Hong Kong. The bar was a pretty fun place , and the happy hour from 5 : 00-8 : 00 serves 2-for-1 drinks as do most bars in Hong Kong . Did n't try any of the other restaurants at the Eaton .

stayed at the Eaton March 21 -26 , 2005. Having been to Japan and know that in densely populated Asian cities , hotel room sizes are small when compared to hotels in the US &amp ; no views unless advertised. I did not expect the Eaton standard room to be different. I found the room adequate for 2 person and a very nice decent sized bathroom &amp ; regular size bathtub. Room &amp ; bathroom were very clean and well maintained. In-room internet ethernet connection cost 100 hkd/24 hrs and very slow when connecting to US for email but very fast using yahoo HK and searching pages in HK. Location and convenience adds to the hotel 's advantage. coffee shop at ground floor of hotel , Starbucks across the street on one side , Mcdonald 's across the street on another side , 7-11 visited often since there are no supermarkets in HK like the US two blocks away , Temple street night market much better than Stanley Market which took hours to get to 2 blocks away , MTR 5 min walk , Star Ferry 20 min walk , numerous restaurants , inexpensive to moderate all along Nathan Rd just outside hote. For tourist shopping just walk south on Nathan Rd , for where the locals shop , just head north on Nathan Rd. Fom the airport,Taxi is 300 HKD to the hotel , so if there are 3 or 4 people it is cheaper than the express train. March was still kind of off season and hotel rates was around 80 us on the internet. Snce it was not Yahoo Travel or Expedia , I was relieved to found reservation was properly made at the hotel. Check in took 5 min. Almost everyone at the hotel spoke English , some better than others and the betters ones I found at the front desk , concierge , and hotel operator. TV stations also geared for english speaking tourist with several stations. The whole experience was better than I expected .

i stayed at Eaton Hotel in March 05. I booked through a last minute internet website and it was the last few hotels available for reasons that became obvious to me when I arrived at the hotel .

