the location was breat , but the room was small. I didnt have a reservation , so Im sure u can get a better deal online that I did. I paid about $ 125usd for a single room .

at the last minute , I booked through the Hong Kong tourist agency and got a great rate for one night. The office at the Star Ferry terminal connected me using their phone - very helpful. When I went to see the hotel , immediately after I booked at 10 : 30 am , they suggested I check in. Since a room in my booked class was n't ready , I was upgraded to a suite on the top floor. Very roomy with amazing views. Two flat screens , lovely bedding , bathrobes , limited mini-bar .

i have been staying to this hotel 3 x. This August was my 4th and last stay at their hotel. My whole bag was stolen. Imagine It was stolen at their own Restaurant. Beware as this is the worst experience I had with them considering I am loyal to them every time I go there since December 2007. Their amenities were not the same the first till third time we were there .

love this hotel , location was great. Modern and chic. Love every aspect of it , the design the sheets , everything !

we stayed in this hotel in 2005 and had a good experience. As this time we were travelling with an infant we thought we would stay in a place we knew.... boy were we wrong !

the hotel is conveniently located just off the main Nathan Road. Good restaurants like Fook Lam Moon and Chuk Yuen not to mention your very own Ben and Jerry 's ! are on the same street. Tsim Sha Tsui Station very accessible , and you can also take a walk to various attractions , from the Avenue of the Stars and 1881 Heritage , or even the Temple Street Night Market in the other direction .

staff are falling over each other at reception but no one can help you with any thing. This swarm of beautifully attired receptionists watched us struggled up the stairs with our luggage into the hotel foyer. Their English was appalling. The pool indoor is at artic temperature. We were told to go to the pool in our bathrobes however there were none in our room. When asked for one we were told that not every room has them and we should go down the lift in our towels. The change room near the pool was closed. The room was tiny - smaller than the hotels we had just stayed at in Europe. The hallways have a musty smell even though the hotel is quite new. Disappointing in every way .

overall I liked this hotel just a few minor things I did n't like. I liked that the hotel is conveniently located , not a far walk to the subway and good places to eat nearby. We got a room with a view of the harbour so we can watch part of the Harbour Light Show at 8 : 00 PM. It 's a close walk from the hotel to the harbour near Avenue of the Stars. The cleaning lady was very nice. The room is quite small. I did n't like the shower because water would leak out of the door and you step into a puddle of water when you walk out of the shower. I 've tried to move the shower head to different angles and positions and still got a puddle of water. The TV is mounted on the wall so it 's uncomfortable to sit up to watch TV , you have to lie in bed. I suppose the wall mounting is due to lack of space in the room. But this hotel came as part of a package deal that we got a really good deal on so I ca n't complain too much .

enjoyed the stay at Empire Hotel , Kowloon and sighseeing in kowloon peninsula , hongkong island , lantau island .

we are a family of mum dad and two boys ages 10 and 13 and we just stayed two nights in the Empire Hotel Kowloon. We the train from the airport HK $ 220 they had some family deal to the bus terminal and then a free bus took us to the hotel which was great a K4 bus. The train was efficient and quick and easy to understand. We had booked the hotel through WOTIF and got a good deal with breaky included but we had to get two rooms and they were n't able to do them next to each other only on the same floor. I had requested non smoking rooms and particuarly for my son who has allergies well I wish I had said it was all of us who had allergies as the room they gave us with the beds for the kids smelled awesome but our room smelled like smoke got used to it after a little while but it hit you when you walked into the room. The breaky was nice and good choices. Tea and coffee are never good in places like that just have to live with that. I would stay closer to Mong Kok next time as that is closer to the ladies market and temple street as we did walk to both of those but it was a long walk in the heat with the kids .

the Empire was comfortable and inviting. We arrived on the Friday of a long weekend and the hotel was very busy. We got a great deal on two consecutive nights with a city view room. Not much to see out the window as we were on the 16th floor but , you could barely see across the harbor to Hong Kong island , so that was nice .

we are a young couple with a one year old child and we were travelling with a party of 13 pax attending a wedding in Australia .

we had just 2 nights here,on a stopover from Australia back to the UK and it really was n't long enough to appreciate not just Hong Kong but also this hotel. I had read some adverse comments on this site and was pleasantly surprised from the moment we arrived at the hotel at 10 p.m. We were welcomed by the reception staff , our luggage was whisked away and we were ushered to one of the 4 lifts all of which worked perfectly . The concierge and his team were all extremely polite and helpful as was the young lady who helped us to choose appropriate tours. Yes , the bedrooms are quite small but well-equipped and very clean. You have to remember that HK is n't a very big place so they have to cram a lot of buildings into a small area.. The breakfasts are very nice , a good selection buffet-style and everywhere in the hotel is so clean . It 's about 10 minutes ambling time to walk to Nathan Road where you can find the most amazing bargains and about another 10-20 minutes to make your way down to the waterfront depending on how many shops you look/gawp at AND how many Indian gentlemen accost you with promises of 'real ' Gucci/Vuitton/Rolex etc . We found that to be the only downside to HK .

my husband &amp ; I stayed for 10 nights at this location. The room was small but was kept clean. The room was located on the 12th floor over looking some of the old style high rise buildings not the best view in town but you could see the sky which was nice. We did not take up the breakfast deal which was extra. I did ask about an upgrade and we were quoted HK $ 450 a night which was approx just under $ 100 Australian Dollars we declined due to the additional cost and as we mainly use the room to wash and sleep as we spend most of our time out and about while we are away taking in the country and the sights etc on offer. We did not use the tour guide located in the hotel. We did have a drink and use the internet in the main bar/lounge area on a couple of occassions. This area was very very smoky as this section of the bar/lounge area was not smoke free. All in all it was fine for the two of us. If you like to spend time in your room chilling out I would suggest you go for a bigger room not sure how much bigger the upgrade room is as we did not inspect any other rooms or go for a different hotel

we stayed at the Empire Hotel at Kowloon from mid December 2008 to early January 2009. The size of the room was ok for the four of us me , my wife and two small kids but we did have some problems with the toilet. The toilet had to be fix twice on our 17 days stay. In addition , there are several steps fronting the hotel and no ramp so that each time I have to enter the hotel with my family , I have to take my child out of the stroller or carry my child along with the stroller up the stairs. But having said this , the service of the hotel staffs were excellent. When the front door bellmen were not busy with other customers they would help us carry my baby stroller up and down the stairs. Furthermore , they repair the toilet almost immediately after being report defective .

my mom and I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights , and we were overwhelmed by the service they provided for us. The location was absolutely perfect because it was close to many restaurants and cheap shops that line just along kimberly , carnarvon road. The hotel facilities are good , and the staffs are very much helpful with whatever it is that you need. I 'd definitely recommend it .

i work for a travel agency &amp ; stayed here as we contract this hotel .

i stayed at Empire Hotel Kowloon for 3 nights with my wife. The hotel is a bit out of the way , quite a long walk from the nearest MTR Jordan . It is also tucked away from the main shopping area. But , it is quite easy to find food as there are many restaurants around the area .

just returned from 2 weeks in this hotel

i came here with my family and we had actually booked a standard room but when we arrived , we were given a nice surprise as we were upgraded to a deluxe room .

we a couple both 50 have just spent 10 days at the Empire and while it is true that the rooms are small by western expectations , we found we adjusted very quickly and they are very serviceable. The area is a great place to base yourself for exploring Hong Kong as it is close to the MTR , buses and shops etc .

the location is a bit off the main road , but in an area that is not as commercial as in Nathan Road .

this hotel had an excellent location - close to all activities in Hong Kong , restaraunts , shopping , and walking distance from the harbour .

we stayed 2 nights in this hotel in Hong Kong. The location was excellent. Walking distance to major tourist areas and subway .

stayed here for 1 night in Dec 06 and compared to my stay here several years back , the hotel continue to upgrade itself which means it still look new and good .

good new modern and clean hotel. Rooms are a little small but have all the mod cons and are comfortable. There is an ok view towards the city. Location is n't the best as you have to walk a fair distance to get to the nearest subway stop. There is a good Japanese restaurant below and one of the best Peking Duck restaurants &quot ; Hong King&quot ; I have ever been to. It is just around the corner from the hotel. Good service .

we stayed at the Empire Hotel in Kowloon in August 2007 on the first leg of a four city tour of China .

the hotel in a good location for the MTR , ferry etc but our room was very small and the bathroom was even smaller. Good shower and heatlamp though. Broadband was not free .

we stayed for 3nights last Aug , 2007. We are a family of five adults and were given 2 rooms. We arrive around 1pm at the hotel and as expected our rooms are not yet ready. Its okay since we havent had our lunch yet so we took the time to eat .

our stay here was fine overall , it was over the Chinese New Year so lots of things were closed and there didnt seem to be as many people as we had expected. The hotel is great for location,right near several MTR stations and the main road for shopping. The room was clean and very welcoming , with a good size bathroom and shower. The bar in the lobby also has 2 laptops which you can surf the net on , they do ask that you buy a drink first though. Our view from the room

this was be to the destination for my Honeymoon so naturally we wanted it to be good but unfortunately it could have been better. We got to the hotel after a 13 hour flight and a bit of detour when the taxi driver took us to the wrong hotel. The confusion over Kimberly Road meant he dropped us at the Kimberly Hotel about a 100 yards away .

this is a very modern 4 star hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui. Close to MTR subway and Nathan Road. Lots of nice restaurants and trendy shops nearby , plus half block from Knutsford Terrace which has european restaurants and bars. Hotel has small rooms , expected in HK , a Japanase and Chinese restaurant , plus bar. Get a high room above 15 floor facing harbor views. Plenty of police everywhere in this area , so safety is not a problem. Internet is $ 40HK per hour or $ 120HK a day. All rooms have high ceilings , minifridge , desk , tv , free slippers and bath rob , and shower. Be sure to get money changed to HK dollars as hotel does not offer exchange services. Concierge was very helpful with local attractions and restaurants and hotel staff spoke excellent English. They can hold your luggage if you have late departure time and late check out is 2 p.m. There is a sauna , gym , indoor pool on 3rd floor. Free shuttle bus to airport across the hotel. We stayed during Chinese New Year at $ 880HK per night. As of January 1 , 2007 , there is no smoking in all HK hotels and restaurants , but smoking is still very noticable outside and in crowded areas on the street , as in most of China wherever you go. Most people speak English very well in HK so feel free to ask for directions if you get lost .

chose this hotel as I liked what I saw online from the website showing pics of the rooms. I was n't disappointed. Although it is a short walk from Tsimshatsui MTR , it is stil close to Nathan Road. There is a free shuttle bus K5 to the hotel if i 'm not wrong and it is a 4-star hotel. The room no doubt is small but it is very cosy and really nice and classy decor. The bad thing was that the tv was hung up and your neck could get a little uncomfortable while watching tv. The bathroom was nice. There is also a mini gym and an indoor pool which I did not have a chance to use. This is a good place to stay if you like staying in TST area .

small rooms , nice lobby . rooms are modern but size ............................ this is unpredictable ! OLD tv set BLACK

i was stay in HK and China for a week of business trip , spend two days of weekend and one night before I leave HK .

i was hesitant about booking the Empire Kowloon after reading some reviews but decided on this hotel anyways because of the great location. I was not dissappointed. While in Hong Kong- it seems that you are n't in your room much anyways because the hotel is surrounded with shops and great places to eat at any time of the day .

i stayed in the hotel for 4 nights in mid May. I have rated above average as for the price i paid abt HKD $ 700 + per nite , the quality of the hotel room and services have exceeded my expectations ! I agree with previous commenters that the room is a little small so if you are of bigger built , you might not enjoy as much .

stayed here nov of 2005 after spending many hours looking at hotels on the internet , a 4 night stopover heading for OZ was very acceptable here , although we didnt make much use of the hotel facilitys we did find the gym very basic. price was ok , staff friendly enough , tour guide v helpful and so were door staff. hotel was nicely situated for us and we were able to get around wherever we wanted , star ferry to hong kong island only about a 10 min walk and underground just few mins away .

i stayed here on my way to NZ as the BP International was full. I stayed at BP on the way back .

i presume i just got a terrible room in this hotel. It 's terribly small. It 's a deluxe twin room and it has only enough room for 2 person. Not much view from the window as it 's very small. Size of a cruise ship cabin window .

we stayed at the Empire Kowloon for three nights in early May , 2005. Previously we had stayed at the Kowloon Hotel. The Empire is not nearly as nice. While the design of the Empire had its attractions lobby , bathrooms overall we were disappointed. The room was small and dark. The bathroom , while beautifully designed , showed rust and failing caulking. The complicated wiring failed. We came back to our room after a nice evening out to find that we had no lights in our room. We had to prop the door open to let in light from the hall until someone arrived to fix the lights. Cable TV selections were limited except overpriced pay movies. There was no wireless Internet and they charged for in-room Internet access. Staff were quite helpful but not especially attentive. The buffet breakfast was pretty good but do n't consider it unless it 's included in with your room as it 's vastly overpriced. If you want basic acommodations and can get a room there at a reasonable price the Empire is OK. Otherwise you can do better .

stayed at the Empire Hotel Kowloon for 9 days in March , 2005. Never heard of this hotel before but the rates and facilities attracted my attention .

this is one of the most popular hotels we , local Hong Kong born U.S. immigrants , stay at. Very modern Japanese cyber feel very clean. For those of you who do not know how Asians can live in very small places , check this out ! They have the cutest room and furniture designs. Great architecture. I wish all the hotels are this good ! Great Japanese restaurant in hotel. However , it 's about a 10-min. walk to the closest subway station entrance .

