summary : Stayed here during 1st week of December 2009. This is my 2nd stay in this hotel. First time was few years back and I 'm glad to see that they renovated the rooms .

if you are looking for cleanliness , efficent room service , a large well serviced room this is not the hotel for you , these services were very poor. The hotel resturant service was not much better .

we stayed here one night , because we could not extend our stay in previous hotel Dorsett seaview . Comparing to that , room was big. Breakfast was very good. Bathroom had few flaws , toilet flushed poorly , and shower hose was leaking. Nearest MTR station was little too far away. There are better hotels for us , with less money .

carpets in a bad state , curtains on windows filthy , bathroom tiny and old. Internet fast .

if you want to be in the bar district of Wan Chai/Admiralty , this is the hotel for you. The hotel is right next to Admiralty station and right near the trolley buses .

not the best , not the worst experience. Stayed for 2 weeks in August 2009 on a &quot ; long stay package&quot ; with a rate of about 450 a night , including internet and daily newspaper you can find this package on the hotel website . The hotel is suffering from a bit of wear and tear - carpet is filthy and worn , walls are banged up , furniture is chipped , that sort of thing. I would n't recommend this hotel for long term stay. I would only really recommend this hotel for travelers who need to be in the Wanchai area. The neighborhood is a bit seedy with establishments catering to prostitutes just around the corner , and the streets surrounding the hotel are quite busy and hectic. Often times I had to fight past large tour groups from mainland China or Korea to get to the elevator or out of the lobby. That said , the staff was very attentive and offered a level of service that seemed to belie the physical quality of the hotel. There was a small fitness room and pool on the roof .

stayed at Empire hotel in June. It is very centrally located as are about 150 other hotels and hostels in Hongkong ! , rooms are excellent , so is the restaurant Unfortunately , the staff especially at the reception is pathetic .

i joined my husband on his business trip to Hong Kong , so the purpose of our week-long visit was business for him but leisure for me .

booked at triple room for my partner and a female friend and was charged for a triple. When we arrived the reception offered to upgrade us for an extra $ 150 per night to a suite - we refused and thought that our room would be fine as we had paid for a triple. Only to find out that the room was a double with 12&quot ; between the twin beds. The staff were intending to take the furniture out of the room and squeeze a third mattress in between the two existing bed to make one consecutive mattress with no gaps. The room as small as it was was not able to fit three people never mind three beds in it. The management and staff could not careless and it was only when we kicked up a fuss that they eventually gave us an upgrade for half price. In my opinion they sold us a product that they did not have and then tried to take more money off us for the courtesy of staying there .

the Empire hotel is an ideal place to stay , good location,ideal for holiday or business,rooms were average sized,a brand new bed was being installed as we arrived and was very comfortable.there are plenty of places to eat nearby,The White Stag does cheap lunches and the Boston restaurant does cheap breakfasts and great sizzling steaks.The HKCC is in walking distance on the covered walkway.The staff were very courtious and helpfull.There are some small faults as anywhere else after all you only sleep there as you should be out exploring this wonderfull city .

the room was decent sized and looked clean. However , the mattress felt well due its time and was a bit uncomfortable. There also seemed to be a funny smell in the room. The bathtub felt a bit dirty as well. When we went for breakfast in the morning , we were only allowed for 1 although we were traveling with 2 plus a child. When left the restaurant for less than 5 minutes and realized we forgot our pacifier , we went back. And they told us no one saw it. It definitely left us a bad impression .

the Empire was a very good base for a week long stay in Hong Kong. It is close to the Convention Centre , many restaurants and bars , and the ferry crossing to Kowloon. The rooms were not as small as I had been led to believe. The staff were unfailingly polite and pleasant .

the location is quite good , to the nearest metro station it takes a 3 min walk only. Next to the hotel there are a lot of bars and restaurants. I disliked the smell when you enter the building and that the rooms are not very clean. There have a pool on the roof and a fitness center where you can relax after shopping or sightseeing. Anyway in case there would be a &quot ; next time&quot ; I would try another hotel .

the front desk staff are among the rudest people we 've ever met. We knew this was an inexpensive hotel , so the mold in the room did n't both us that much. Nor did the mildew on the windows...nor the hard-as-a-rock bed...nor the airconditioning that could n't be changed. But the obnoxious front desk is another story. Avoid , avoid , avoid. There are many other hotels in HK that will give you better value for money .

my wife and I stayed here for a week in January. The room was small but clean. The bed was comfortable. It is in a great location and we found the staff to be helpful .

warning I had booked one night for Hkg $ 1400 nett and was prepared for the tiny Hkg room-- I was required to stay an extra night and I was Locked Out and told the new rate for the extra night was $ 1600 plus 15 % approx = $ 1920 PLUS $ 520 being an increase of 47 % I stood my ground and after 45 minutes a Special Rate of $ 1400 was Supervisor authorised to be entered - Worst hotel experience - I will be sending a copy of this to the Hong Kong Tourist Board

my wife and i stayed in this hotel during the Chinese New Year. Despite the mostly negative reviews on this site , we still opted to book at the Empire .

stayed here over 30 times , for the location and used to have cheap rooms. Rooms of course tiny , but the bathroom is a closet. Have to go out to the main room to dry off after a shower. Always a few bruises from bumping into the bathroom walls. Bed is terrible ; sink straight to the bottom , like sleeping in a hammock. No heat , so don â € ™ t go in winter. You can ask for a portable heater , but they will hassle you about it .

over rated at one star ! A must miss ! If you are in Hong Kong and this is the only hotel available , get a tent !

great location on the edge of Wanchai near Pacific Place in Admiralty. It goes downhill from there. On first impression the hotel floors and carpets are quite worn throughout the property. My toilet was never totally cleaned. The bath curtain was very moldy and there was lots of other mold around the bath. The only soap provided was in dispensers , no bars of soap. The bed was both hard - like most Chinese beds - but also giving in some places. The control box for AC and lighting was not working , TV options were very limited. CNN , BBC , Discovery + Chinese channels They took away the dirty towels but did not replace them on my last day so I had to call for replacements. Internet HK $ 100 / day. I would still consider a return given its favorable price/location combination .

visiting China with a private guide , we were booked into the Empire. Its location is fine , but the rooms are tiny and the bathroom minuscule. Lighting in the rooms was terrible. Clean , breakfast OK but nothing special .

i arrived very early in the morning at the hotel , having travelled overnight from Sydney. In theory , I shouldnt have been allocated a room until later in the day , but I was in luck. No queues at reception either .

the room was pretty spacious for HK friends living in HK where surprised about the size . Bathroom size was OK. Everything was very clean. The location is OK. I found Central more fun , but everything is very near because of the cheap taxis .

we staying in Hong Kong for 7 days - boy was that room teensie ... all the reviews had warned us - but it was still a surprise. The bathroom was ... ummm interesting - you could sit on the toilet - brush your teeth - and turn the shower on all from the one position ! ! !

i got my usa sim card stolen .

i Went to hongkong to attend the Toy Fair Exhibition,I stayed in Empire hotel room 1709 from Jan.6 to jan.12,2007

i was in Hong Kong for a weekend getaway in June and stayed for 3 nights at the Empire. The location was good - near to MTR and plenty of eateries nearby. There was a LCD TV and a mini fridge in the room , but the fridge was poorly maintained chunks of ice covering the base of the fridge .

pro s :

last january 2006 I stayed for 3 days just to take my NCLEX-RN exam. the subway station at wanchai is just few blocks from there. it 's a an OK place to stay for such short visits. If you are out all day , and just need a place to sleep at night then this place is good enough to satisfy that need .

arrived at the hotel late afternoon,The reception Manager issued me with a room , I explained to the Manager that the room provided was very small and unacceptable as I had booked a delux room. I was informed that &quot ; as I had booked via a web site the problem was with the agency not the hotel&quot ; . I requsted an upgrade for which I was willing to pay , again I was informed &quot ; contact your agency there can be no upgrade&quot ; .Although I spoke to the hotel personally and emailed them before traveling it counted for nothing .

i was quite skceptical of this hotel initially : run-down super small size room with minimal facilities. BUT apparently not. No doubt the room is small , the size of the room is quite similar to that of the robertson hotel in Singapore. I am not able to capture a full image of the whole room at any angle with my camera .

this hotel have been in the middle of some kind of renovation when we stayed. The first room we were assigned was very old , dirty and rundown. Since the shower did not work right , we asked for a different room. The second room was very modern and clean ; nothing fancy mind you , but about what I expected for the money. Night and day difference between the two rooms. So if you stay , be sure to ask for one of these renovated rooms .

the Empire Hotel was great. The location was convenient - close to Pacific Place and the Convention Centre - as I was here on business for the Jewellry Fair. My room was great - new renovations - clean simple modern look. Comfortable - great value for money ! Would recommend it to anyone .

extremely tired and old premises. Smoky rooms even on non smoking floor. Bathroom damp and unsanitary. Air con vents blocked by dust. Aircon reeked of stale cigarette smoke and faecal smell. Dirty walls and bed. Terrible terrible. It was a NIGHTMARE. Walls too thin. Loud mouth chinese mainlander guests ' conversations go on throught the night in their hotel rooms. Could n't get sleep. Woke up with painful chest , probably due to smoke particles in aircon. I am traumatised. Difficult to have ashower in cramped bathroom. PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE. I AM NOT KIDDING YOU. I am cringing even as I write this .

we recently stayed 5 nights over New Year. I was dissapointed with the hotel. Despite booking for non-smoking rooms we were first given smoking ones then after requesting to change even one of the non-smoking rooms reeked of stale smoke. We were upgraded to a &quot ; suite&quot ; which was a room with a sofa. The heating was broken and a fan heater provided which itself broke down .

