no complaints at all for our 10-day stay ! Front desk , housekeeping and dining room staff were all very friendly and very helpful and accomodating. Rooms were a bit small but quiet , clean and neat ! Everything we needed was provided ! Excellent location....close to everything ! ! ! ! Free breakfast was simple but adequate - saved us money and was satisfying. Nice to have the free internet room and laundry facility. We enjoyed the stay immensely and would definitely stay here again ! ! ! ! love the area ! ! ! ! Great deal for the price

great location. Rooms small , but acceptable. Free internet and got everything you need in the rooms including bath .

if you want a no frills economical hotel this is the one for you. Its not five star luxurious ,but you are out and about everyday you are only sleeping there anyway ! Its a great location , just off Nathan Road and Temple Street and very near Jordan MTR .Its very easy to get just about anywhere.Its very clean , the staff are friendly and most speak English.Buffet breakfast is included , its quite basic and the same every day but adequate.The place is surrounded by places to eat from upmarket restaurants in Nathan Road to the food hawkers seafood place opposite looks a bit rough , well very rough actually but the food is fantastic and cheap ! .Also the Jordan curry house is very good...recommend the chille prawns .

the location of Evergreen is excellent. Near the night market , subway and Nathan Road. Take the A21 bus from the airport for HK $ 33 and you are 5 minutes from the bus stop to the hotel .

travelled to HK for a short business stay and on a budget , after having looked thru the feedbacks , i thought i will give this a go. WEll , not at all disappointed - the staff were good and polite - they know what they are doing. Free internet access , room - clean , hot showers etc all top marks. Breakfast - for sure needs to improve on - toast wholemeal bread and boiled egg and the coffee were what i sticked to during my stay - which was fine by me .

we passed Beijing and went to Hong Kong , stayed at the evergreen hotel in woo sung street. It was my first time to stay in the Jordan area and to our surprise we enjoyed it.. .

this hotel is priced just above the guest houses in the area and I think the extra money is well worth it. The staff were incredibly helpful anf friendly from the start and were more than willing to show me on the map where I was going. The room itself was quite small and basic but did have a light console next to the bed , a TV and a nice hot shower. It also had free broadband. Tthere was a little noise from other rooms but nothing too serious .

i just got back from our trip to hong kong and stayed at the evergreen hotel in woosung street..it was my first time to stay in the jordan area and to my surprise i enjoyed it... our hotel room was small but was very clean and comfortable..i just needed a place to stay since i was out the whole day..the location was great just a 5-10 min walk fom the mtr..and a 2 minute walk to the night market in jordan..there were also lots of street food which i enjoyed so much...the only thing i didnt like was their free buffet breakfast which was horrible and they never changed the menu,same menu everyday...ill definitely book my next hongkong vacation at this hotel. .

have stayed at Evergreen several times. It is not the Ritz but it is not trying to be. I ask to see the room as there is variability in size a bit. It is a great place to stay and close to everything. Price is very fair and staff is helpful but not especially bi lingual. Once when going out they chased after me and insisted I take an umbrella. Whatever ,. But sure enough it rained and I was happy they thought of me. I have stayed there about 5 times. I really like the Metropark Wanchai but they have gotten way too pricey so I stay at the Evergreen and sleep just as well .

the hotel ‚ Ä ô s website directions from the airport are perfect ‚ Ä ì take the bus. The bus stop to return to the airport is two blocks from the hotel which is two blocks from Nathan Road ; the metro is nearby as is the Temple Night Market. The walk to the Starr Ferry Terminal is about 15 minutes. While the location is a very busy one the hotel was quiet. The hotel is spartan in furnishings. The room was very small but as I was solo it was fine. The room was quiet , and clean as was the bathroom , the bed comfortable and the breakfast was substantial and provided a good base for the day. The staff was friendly and helpful .

we arrived at the hotel and received service promptly. Also appreciated , on their website , it tells you were to go in the airport for a shuttle ride directly to hotel. Our room was very small without windows and had a strong odor. When we asked to change rooms , they instantly helped us even though our first room was in the &quot ; executive suite&quot ; . Our second room was even smaller with a window , but no smell. We really enjoyed the free internet access and the laundry room. The free contintental breakfast was not really worth it , but the convenience is excellent so you can walk outside and find lots of places to eat .

was clean , cheap and in a good location. Easy to get to , close to food , markets and Underground train .

we booked two rooms for our family of five , and I was very clear in the booking how many of us there are. Even though breakfast is included , they still charged me extra for my youngest daughter who ate a handful of cornflakes and drank a sip of milk. It was n't much extra , but it annoyed me .

we stayed at the hotel for two nights. The staff was very helpfull. The hotel was old but nice and clean. It has a nice location , near the harbour and near the subway. The breakfast was not so good for the european taste , but it was okay. The hotel had free internet in a room with 4 computers .

we 'd definitely stay in this hotel again. The location is just great--two blocks away from the Jordan MTR ; smack in the middle of good , cheap restaurants ; Temple market just on the next street ; right next door to a good department store Wing-On ; street well lighted and safe even late at night , and quiet enough at all times our room was on the first floor but no street noises came in .

evergreen is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. Although it is a really small hotel , their service is excellent ! The receptionists are very friendly and accommodating .

my husband and myself have stayed at the Evergreen Hotel at least 10 times all together. We keep going back as the staff are friendly , location is great , rooms are small but clean and the Temple Street Market is one street away. As soon as we walk in for breakfast which has a good selection of food the staff just welcome us with open arms. They always remember us. I am going back in September , along with my Husband and Sister. I highly recommend the Evergreen .

the evergreen hotel has everything you need in a big city hotel : great location , good service and decent rooms and is one of the cheaper hotels in Hong Kong. The staff is very helpfull and the place is worth recommend

i decided early on I did n't want to stay at Chungking Mansions or similar and had a bit of trouble finding something decent , but which did n't bust my budget .

though the rooms are quite small in space and old , but they are clean , with great service from the reception to the housekeeping staffs. The location is very good. Food and shopping everywhere right in the middle of Kowloon .

the location is decent , although its not very close to the Jordan MTR atleast a 10 min walk . They did not give directions properly to reach the hotel. Gave the impression that it was very close to Jordan MTR , which it was not. Certainly not walkable with heavy luggage , not knowing exactly where to go .

the rooms in this hotel are tiny , there is hardly space to put your luggage. We paid extra for a room with a window but it was n't worth it and the sliding shutters meant that you could only see out of half of it , it looked onto the side of another tall building so we could n't see anything and it would n't open either .

ok for two nights , in the real part of hongkong we were the only caucasians

+ Fantastic location. 5min to Kowloon MRT , Hung Hom MRT and in the middle of happening Temple Street

the Evergreen is the perfect location if you are staying in Kowloon. 10 min taxi from Kowloon ferry pier , 1 min to Temple st markets , 4 min from Jordan subway , 2 min to airport bus,10 min from Kowloon park. The Hotel is clean and very good value for money. The staff are very freindly and helpful.It has good internet access which is free. The breakfast is simple i had cereal , toast,and coffee each morning which was fine.There is also lots of resturants to eat at near the hotel .

we were a group of 8 , 2 families traveling together .

we stayed in this hotel for 4 nights April 7-11 with my wife and 3 kids. We had 2 rooms which was very clean. A free breakfast every morning but serving exactly the same food. No problem. And the best part of all is the location. It is very accesssible to MTR and public buses. I give this hotel a perfect 10 ! Keep up the good work .

we stayed here for 6 nights in march for a girlie city break. it took a while for us to book a hotel for our stay in hong kong as we had a tight budget. it is a small neat &amp ; clean hotel with all the basics if you just want somewhere to stay the night whilst out during the day for a reasonable budget. we had a triple room &amp ; there was enough room for all the suitcases , bathroom was clean but just abit small. it included breakfast - not the best , it was basic but enough to keep you going. theres a 7-11 right next door which was very useful. the best thing about this hotel was the location. it was about 5 mins from Jordan MTR &amp ; Nathan road where you can get buses . if you like walking then lots of places can quite easily be walked to which is what we did most of the time . there was also free internet access which was very handy aswell. all in all , this hotel is fine if you just need somewhere to stay the night , it is clean &amp ; staff are quite friendly &amp ; helpful. we did n't have any problems whilst staying at the hotel .

it was a great place to stay mainly because of the location. Few minutes away from Jordan station. The rooms were small but adequate. The biggest problem was that there was no Toilet paper. We asked them for one and we were immediately given one. The carpets were a bit stinky but again when you are in a city like Hong Kong why stay indoor ? The food was BAD ! Although you do get cereal but the ornage juice is erruugghhh . Oh yeh when you get outside of the hotel be aware it smells of dirty water and dry fish. The staffs were amazing. I wouldn ‚ Ä ô t stay again but for a first time traveller and on a budget I would definitely recommend it .

good service from the staff , good location , clean rooms. you 'll get more than your money 's worth .

i would like to start by saying that I selected this hotel because of its location and price. I had set my expectations really low , because , as most people say , you get what you pay for -- which is totally not the case here .

just came back from a very lovely holidays. This hotel is very good in terms of location , cleanliness , friendly staff &amp ; tour services. Yes , the breakfast is basic &amp ; they serve the same breakfast everyday but it 's fine for all of us. The graet things is the location which is just few steps from the hotel , you can enjoy your last minutes shopping at the nearest Night Market to buy some souvenirs for your loved one. Definitely will recommend this hotel to my friends .

i have just come back from Hong Kong 2 days ago and I ca n't wait to write a review on the hotel that my friends and I have stayed in during our 5 days 4 nights trip to Hong Kong .

the room was small but what do you expect in Hong Kong ? The toilet rolls were the worst I have ever had ! But this is a good hotel at a great price , right in the centre of all the action , what 's more the airport bus stops on the corner .

my three friends and I stayed at this property the weekend after Chinese New Year. I was hoping for the best but expecting the worst after reading some reviews and I was pleasantly surprised from the moment I entered the lobby. The entire hotel , including our room and bathroom was clean , well lit and is definitely better than most value hotels I 've seen in the US. The room , though quite small , had sufficient space for all four of us , our luggage and everything we shopped for while in town. Our room was a corner unit so it was very quiet , which helped a lot since the walls are paper thin - you can hear people talking when you are walking outside their room. The room was on the 2nd floor so we did n't have to lug our belongings up a flight of stairs as I was expecting to do since we had one of the quad rooms - seemed like that was the main complaint of all the reviews I read regarding the quad rooms from this hotel. I 'll admit , the breakfast could be better , but it could definitely be worse so I have no complaints ; it was free and there were quite a few things to choose from. The best thing about the hotel , in my opinion , is its location ; its proximity to the Jordan MTR station , various bus stops make it very accessible. You can also walk from the hotel to the harbor , if you really want to. And the hotel is only a block away from the Temple Night Street Market and various hawker restaurants so the streets at night are very well lit and crowded ; I felt very safe walking around. For the price we paid for the quad room , especially during this major Chinese holiday , it was well worth it and I would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again .

very good located , just a few steps away from MRT station .

well I was staying at another hotel Prudential closeby and thought not so wisely we could save some $ $ by checking out other hotels in that area. I asked the lobby to allow us to see the room before I was going to stay in a week or so earlier from my china trip and they said they had no rooms available so I could not see anything. Price quoted was $ 600 HK all inclusive .

i would totally recommend this hotel to budget travellers who would still like to enjoy hotel amenities like bathroom towels and a relatively soft bed. We got it for HK $ 580 , around the cost of the Chungking hostels in HK we went there during the New Year season , so it was super peak , and were happy that it came with breakfast that , although very basic , was quite adequate.The bathroom was very very clean , like everything else in the room , and it even came with a small tub. The beddings were spotless .

if you are looking the best no thrill hotel deal in Hong Kong without paying for unwanted pricy feel good features , Evergreen Hotel is it. While not a 4 or 5 star hotel , Evergreen has all the basics a traveler needs : clean room , hot shower , very helpful &amp ; friendly staff , superb location in the middle of Kowloon , safe walking distance to MRT station and bus stops. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and had a great time with extra cash to spare for shopping .

the location of the Evergreen hotel is perfect. The staff is very friendly and helpful although they do n't speak fluent English .

pros

we were a group of 5. Got two rooms through Agoda , a triple sharing and a twin. We all had separate bunks. One room had no window and we were all really cramped. The restroom was decent and clean , complete with the basic toiletries .

since I was a child I had wanted to visit HK and when a birthday with a &quot ; 0&quot ; came around I decided it was time to do so , on my own. The Evergreen was excellent value , in an excellent location for shopping , MTR etc , Temple Street Night Market 1 minute walk away. The free internet access and free laundry were Godsends , as was the 7-11 right next door , and the Delicious Cafe on the other side of the hotel. The staff there were very friendly , helpful and I honestly do n't have a bad word to say about the place ! The breakfast is monotonous , yes , but really not bad. Special mention to Jackie the bellboy ! The lift only goes up to the third floor but its really not too much of a problem , that is the single downside of the place. I ca n't wait to go back .

stayed for a night. Our room is in the 4F. Elevator is only up to 3F , so we walked from 3F so if you have lots of luggage , ask for a lower rooms . Hotel is okay , nice staff , clean room , clean linen. There 's complimentary buffet breakfast , but not good though ! Restos are all around , its not a problem. This is not a 5 star , so dont expect too much. WHat 's good also in this hotel is quiet. You can have a good sleep after a heavy shopping.Well , room price is cheap but location is great. A minute walk to Temple street night market , and near to MTR. If you 're into walking , lots of shops and shops and shops... tiring though..diverse shopppers were bumper to bumper ! Bought my lovely winter coat for half the price back home : -

i had never been to Hong Kong before and was a little anxious to be landing in a large unfamiliar city alone. I wanted to stay somewhere that was central and safe. I definitely made the right choice with the Evergreen !

we chance upon this hotel when we were browsing through the net for a good value hotel since we were going to stay for six nights in Hong Kong. And what more...of all the hotels we browsed through , this was the only one which offered a quad room that sleeps comfortably for 4 adults and we were paying only about HK1,200 nett inclusive of breakfast per night.What a value considering the prices of hotels in HK. The location was fantastic...smack right in the shopping area of Kowloon Temple Street , Jade Street , Nathan Road , etc and if you take a half-hour stroll , you can reach Tsim Sha Tsui area where the waterfront is and also the Arena of Stars. Food is abundant and affordable almost round the clock around the hotel and a 7-11 is just besides it. And two fantastic value services which one could not find in almost all hotels are 1 unlimited free internet usage -24/7-and comes even with a printer 2 free laundry which is very useful when one is staying on for a longer period .

as we know that we will be spending little time in the hotel , we want to go for hotels that are located near mtr but cheap. We choose this hotel after reading good comments on tripadvisor. My girl-friend and I stayed there for 4 nights. There are many eateries surrounding the hotel. There 's 7-11 and a 24hr eatery call Á ø † Â ç é . It is a 10 minute walk to mtr. Sasa , guardian , watson can be found in the area. A21 wll bring you there from HK airport. The internet access is better than we thought. The lift is only up to 3rd floor , so it is a challenge for us to bring down the luggage from the 4th floor when we are leaving. Breakfast is provided but repeated everyday , so I suggest eating the delicious french toast at the eatery beside the hotel. Service is excellent and staffs are friendly. If you are not too fussy , this hotel may be a good choice .

i booked a single ensuite room at this hotel for 5 nights. I got a double room which was cozy and outdated in terms of decor , but clean and functional. There was a full bath , kettle , a/c , cable tv , closet. Most of the people on my floor appeared to be businessmen -- this seems like an ideal hotel for people who do n't plan to spend much time hanging around the hotel , who just want a clean place to sleep and a good base for touring around HK. It 's definitely not a high-luxury place but it does n't pretend to be--and for the price , I found it to be extremely good value and unlike other places I 've stayed in HK , I had no problems .

booked the hotel via a local travel agent. We got better rate than booking directly with the hotel. Note that the room rate usually increases on Fridays and Saturdays .

i have done a lot of research and read reviews about this hotel then decided to give it a go since quite a lot were pleased in their stay here.True enough,it 's far from posh and you would n't recognize that this is a hotel but it is worth your every penny or shall I say it went beyond my expectation comparing it from the not so high amount I paid per night.The motels in Manila are better than this but they serve free breakfast buffet everyday , though it 's same course for the 4days we spent but hey it 's free and quite edible for Asians I supposed. The usual , there were toast,chicken franks,ham,hardboiled egg,pasta,rice,oatmeal,cornflakes,chorizo,coffee,milo , and some veggies. Free internet in the room all u need to do if wifi does n't work is to plug the cable found in the drawer. Room is small , I wonder how Caucasians can fit coz I see a lot of them booked in the hotel. Bathroom amenities are changed and housekeeping is done everyday .I suggest u bring ur own toothpaste though. There is a small old TV with StarMovie channel. The staff are really accommodating I must say , the guy receptionist even walked us to the A21 bus station which is ultra near. So please do n't take a cab from the airport coz it 's a rip off. The airport fee something is like double the amount of ur actual bill. The MTR station is just a 5min walk and the night market and 711 is just right at the doorsteps. I asked mah husband if he was disappointed with the place I booked and he said not at all and would love to return should we visit HK again. At any rate , you are always out most of the day .

what can I say , you would not get a better hotel at this price. Ok , it may look a little tacky , the rooms are quite small , it can be quite noisy. But WHO CARES ! you are in HK , the hotel is located in a great location , it 's safe , the hotel staff are excellent , and it 's cheap. Do n't come here if you are expecting the Ritz , you can go there and spend 4x the price. The evergreen was perfect for the 6 of us , spread over 3 rooms and 2 floors. We loved it , we had a blast and we will come back. Oh , did I mention the free internet ? Thanks Evergreen Hotel !

as usual , everytime I 'm in Hongkong , Evergreen is still it. Not fabulous , tiny , yes , but very satisfactory. Since you are out shopping and sightseeing the whole day , why the need for a 5 star hotel ? A boutique hotel like Evergreen will do. The staff are always smiling , friendly and helpful. Breakfast is simple , filling and healthy. The location is so strategic. One block from the famous Temple St. night market and Nathan Road , two MTR stations away from another shopping great , Mongkok. Five minutes away from the Jordan MTR station. One minute away from a small wet market for fresh vegetables and fruits. One block away from Wing On Department store. 10 minutes bus ride to Star Ferry. Given all these information , i do n't see any reason why one will not opt to stay at Evergreen. So simple. Reasonable and ever reliable Evergreen .

i requested a hotel in Kowloon less than $ 100 , near Nathan Road. Evergreen fit the bill. When the taxi dropped us off , I could not believe this was the hotel. It looks AWFUL. But we were only sleeping there , right .

stayed for 5 nights. Room clean and spacious.Yes ! I would say that the room 408 was great !

i was in Hong Kong for a gift fair so all accommodation at this time is quite expensive. I chose this hotel because I was faliliar with the location and it had quite good reviews and the price was fantastic. I was not disappointed. The location was great , close to MTR , night market and Nathan Rd. The room whilst small was clean and hotel offered free laudry use , internet and breakfast. Pretty hard to complain unless you want all the bell &amp ; whistles ! ! Would definately stay there again .

this was one of the least expensive Hong Kong hotels listed on AsiaRooms ' webpage , and I was pleasantly surprised by its value for money. Frankly , I had expected worse !

my stay with my sister at Evergreen was really pleasant , with helpful and polite staff. The hotel , although small was clean and in a superb location , a short walk from Mong Kok , close to department stores and near the MTR. A 7-11 is next door so that was convenient .

we were at the Evergreen for the three nights we were in Hong Kong. The Evergreen is a great little hotel the staff do all in their power to make your stay a good one. The rooms are cleaned and the towels changed daily. I was surprised when I was told my card would be charged at the end of our stay in case we changed our mind about staying there during the three days. There were complimentary toothbrushes,toothpaste , shower caps,comb and disposable razors in the bathroom and the shower was nice and powerful. With location like this , free internet access , budget prices and great helpful staff The Evergreen is well worth a stay , I would go back any time .

me and my friends stayed there for 3 nights n we luved the location n cleanliness of the hotel. Its just 3 mins walk to the mtr but u have to walk thru streets that looked like some back alleys. The mattress is very hard n air con cold .

the location for us was great , right near the Temple St night markets and near Nathan Rd in the heart of Kowloon which we loved. We go on holiday to see other cultures and local people not hang in Hotels with other tourists .

free breakfast buffet,free internet use,friendly staff,clean rooms and enough space to relax and have a good night sleep ! though the matress is a bit hard. A budget wise hotel in the middle of everything in kowloon. A very nice location for first timers !

let me get some of the minor gripes first before pointing out the merits of this small budget hotel in the heart of Kowloon .

very nice budget hotel

booked after reading all the reviews on TripAdvisor , we were allocated the 4 bed family room on the 4th floor. Lift only goes to the 3rd floor , so along with the porter we carried our luggage up the 4th floor. The room was small but adequate however no windows at all. Location is great right around the corner from the night markets and loads of restaurant options , walking distance to everything including Star Ferry if you are willing to walk 20 to 30 minutes. Breakfast was adequate although caters more to the Asian tourist market. Beds were extremely hard and short however the rooms were very clean. Staff very helpful. A vist to Shenzhen , China is a definite must for all shoppers and very easy to get to with a metro station around the corner and very helpful customer service staff at all train stations in Hong Kong - however make sure you change your money in Hong Kong and not at the train station at Shenzhen. Would stay here again .

when I first saw our 'superior ' room I was a little surprised.. it really was tiny ! . But , when you look at the price and location , Who Cares ! ! .

compared to other HKG hotels this is a bargain ! It was clean , comfortable and at a very convenient location .

i stayed with my wife at Evergreen Hotel HK from 25 to 29 April 2007 and from 30 April to May 1th 2007 1 night out in Shenzhen , China ...I reserved via hotelclub.net and paid 90 ‚ Ç ¨ /night , with no breakfast on my booking conditions , however when checked-in , we were breakfast free after all : Hotel is located in a rather tipical HK street , with 7Eleven right next door and lots of restaurants available , and besides right next to Temple Market St....and near crossing between Nathan Road and Jordan Road , so lots of Buses and MTR right a small walk away..very cool ! The hotel itself has fair conditions for the price , breakfast is everyday the same but not just oriental , also european , has free internet in 3th floor 5 computers ! , has free laundry ! Rooms are small but with all conditions , including TV with 4 channels , Mini bar , coffee&amp ; tea facilities , complete WC with hair dryer and all ! Staff is excelent , always at your disposal...Mr. Simon Lam is the best , maybe because of him I got so nice rooms at hotelclub you can only get at Evergreen Twin Beds , but he manage to give me Double for both stays ...is a great man ! !

if your prime holiday consideration is &quot ; The Hotel&quot ; ; if you want to be pampered , spoiled and patronised ; if splendour and opulence is paramount , do n't stay at the Evergreen .

stayed here for 2 nights and were not overly impressed. Location is brilliant and the rooms are very clean , with friendly staff. However , the beds are ridiculously hard - no give in the mattress at all. Aircon is also very very loud. We turned ours off at night , but should have just left it on , as could hear next door 's/blocks aircon. If you are staying here , bring earplugs , you will need them !

not as well located as it seemed - it lay midway between Tsim Tsa Tsui and Mong Kok , where not much goes on. You will need to walk to the nearest MTR station Jordan , and catch a train every time you want to go any where unfortunately , unless you want to check out Temple Street Markets .

a cute hotel in the heart of Kowloon. One block of temple market and jade street market. The rooms are clean , the staff are helpful and polite. The ladies that put on a great buffet breakfast to kick off the day are the best. Starbuckets is right on Nathen Street. This is a Hotel to stay to experience what Hong Kong is all about. You in the Heart of Kowloon busy streets for great food , shopping and night life. Walking is safe and the MTR is close to explore all of Hong Kong .

  day stay on a trip around the world and totally enjoyed the stay,free laundry,access to great markets,ok brekky included and great staff including office too book tours.rooms a bit small but good night sleep and close to all attractions.hong kong disney an absolute dream place especially compared to la disney.good rates booked direct,excellent airport shuttle bus

the world 's smallest hotel room , with the world 's loudest airco and the world 's hardest beds. We bailed out after one night. Breakfast was terrible. Spend an extra 30USD and get yourself a 4 star hotel .

my wife and I stayed at the Evergreen in May for 3 days. We enjoyed the food and the staff was very friendly and helpful. I understand hard beds are the norm in Hong Kong and also in main land China , it was not difficault for us to adjust. The only thing we did not like was the dirty carpet in the room. The location of the Evergreen was perfect. We would stay there again .

i stayed here for a span of about 5 days in Sept 2005 , and my travel partner and I basically used it as a place to sleep. It 's in a great location and very conveniently located near 7/11 's there were 5 of them within a few blocks ! . Given the price , location , free internet , laundry although we did n't really use it much , nice staff , basic necessities , I thought it was very good. If you 're not into frills , and looking for a good , low-budget place , I would recommend this location .

i stayed with this hotel for 3 nights. We visited Hong kong purely for vacation. We were not expecting much on this hotel considering the price range it belongs. One of my disappointment is their tv which only has 5 channels with only 1 english channels. Their elevator is only up to the 3rd floor and you have to take the stairs to the next floor. Their room is very small and their bed is also hard. Their upside is their breakfast buffet with lots of chinese foods in display. Their free internet is also very helpful especially when checking the weather and the locations and informations for the places you wish to visit. The staff are also very friendly and even though handicapped with the english language , they will try to communicate with their clients. This hotel is recommended for budget conscious and would only use the hotel just a place to sleep .

room was very small and dark and could n't open any windows as they were all nailed shut ! In ok neighbourhood and handy for the metro and night market. If you are really on a bucget come here otherwsie try the BP International or better still the Salisbury .

this is not a fanciful hotel but cool enough ! Evergreen is one of the very few that gave reasonable internet rate &amp ; they even provide daily breakfast. Nothing wow , just simple fare , but good enough .

travelled to Hong Kong Feb 2006 for the first time with my wife and 3 children 11,8 and 4 . Booked the Evergeen Hotel based on the the reviews we read on Trip Advisor In reality was disapointed with the hotel This was the only hotel we found that would accomodate all 5 of us in one room. Other hotels required us to book two rooms. Found this to be the general case in the far East .

we were a bit worried after reading reviews but found this to be a well positioned compfortable hotel,rooms were small but clean,well appointed,good staff,beakfast was limited but fine,easy to acsess all that hong kong has to offer,great value for money

the room is small , dirty , bed is hard and poor ventiliation .

i just stayed there. it is definitely not a fancy hotel , it 's a budget hotel. but it is great value for the money. clean , adequate rooms , FREE INTERNET , free laundry. i did have a problem with the laundry though. after washing my clothes , i put them in the dryer for many hours before i realized that it was completely broken. my clothes still soaking wet. both dryers were totally broken , i mean didnt work at all , and there was no sign. so i had to lug my wet clothes down the street and pay someone to dry them $ 13 US. i 'm sure they will fix this i would hope . the other downside is the AWFUL breakfast , but there are plenty of nearby places to eat. the location is good , but not great. about a 7 minute walk to the MTR. the best thing about it for me was the price and the free internet .

i 've just come back from a stay at the Evergreen Hotel in Hong Kong and I had a fantastic stay. I 've stayed in another Kowloon Mid-range hotel before the Dorsett Garden around the start of '03 but this was way more superior. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The rooms were great - clean , spacious for Hong Kong and comfortable. We got a good deal on their internet site with breakfast included which was interesting to say the least ! .

