my family and I visited the excelsior hotel in October this year. My mum was on a business trip and so we were allocated rooms on the executive floors. The rooms are spacey with a range of drawers and space to put clothes. The rooms and bathrooms are clean , and the maids tidy them very well every day. We were given free internet connection due to the purpose of our stay , but it was easily accessible and the prices were reasonable .

great location for a hotel. It is very accessible to public transportation and even shopping. Took the A11 bus from the airport and drop off point is just 3 blocks off the hotel. The front desk is always busy as there are lots of people staying here for the good location. Hotel is clean and has been renovated. There are lots of restaurants outside the hotel .

the best part of the hotel was its 34th floor restaurant and bar. Tot 's bar was excellent. You can enjoy the Victoria harbour. The ''Symphony of Light' ' show on the harbour could be best enjoyed sitting at the Tot 's bar. The collection of menus are simply superb. I would recommend ''Lobster Burger''. It was excellent. Rooms are average. But considering the location , its worth .

the hotel has is at excellent facility near victoria harbour and victoria park. Secondly , the hotel provides free fruits evey day and wine or chaimpaine bottle on check-in. The hotel is good with comparable 5 star facilities. The hotel is much cheaper compared to other five star facilities hotes in vincity e.g. The Hotel charged HKD 1200/- per day as compared to Hotel Park Lane which was charging HKD 1500/- per day .

in november i spend 3 night and hotel is on great , i can say perfect location for everything , food , shops , caffe , bars....many good local small chinese restorants whith domestic food and restorans of all others asia nations. And all other things are near : exibition center , strong center , streets for night life...all is 10 minutes whith taxi from hotel. Hotel have very good restoran on 34 florr whith perfect view of Hong Kong and open teraca for drink. Is spetial in the evening , but little bit to expensive for this level. Services in hotel are great , on every place you have good explanation and help , spetial on reception. Try espresso caffe and fresh watermalone or grape juice near lift in small natural bar ! ! Bad point is room : deluxe room is enough big for one and is clean , but all furniture is too old and too much spend. You have inside LCD big TV , i box for iphone or ipod nano and perfect view on bay specially in the night and you have old furniture : Strange. But for shure o choice this hotel and next time when i visti Hong Kong. p.s. if you like massage and spa , try LET'SPA in Hong Kong .

the room was quite small and a bit tired , but clean. The staff is very friendly .

good service , several restaurants , quiet , good location

this is our second stay here , this time on the club floor. first thing we notice is the room is slightly bigger especially the bathroom. not flashy but still a good 4 star hotel. furniture and fitting starting to look tired .

highly recommend this one especially if you can get a Bay side view which we had. The buffet breakfast is well worth the value and sets you up for the day....honestly !

this hotel has all that one needs , the room service was really great and fast .

just spent my 30th visit to this hotel &amp ; it was the usual 'safe pair of hands ' in this fantastic city. Other reviewers have got it right - especially ''Flighattendant 's' ' frst-class review - the hotel is maybe a little tired compared to some of the newer arrivals Crowne Plaza , Grand Harbour etc. but it has occupied ''Plot Number 1 , H.K. Island ' for many years and is unequalled in location - both from being right on the very edge of the spectacular harbour especially the night-time view &amp ; in terms of the abundance of shops , restaurants , public transport and other attractions literally right outside your doorstep. Causeway Bay itself is a better bet than a Kowloon-side hotel in the writer 's opinion and the whole ambience is fast , busy , exciting and above all safe. The hotel 's restaurants are all first-class and not over-the-top expensive - dinner-buffet on 'Cafe on the First ' is a real treat and extremely good value with an amazing array of varied &amp ; delicious choice , likewise the 'Yee Tung Heen ' cantonese and 'Cammino ' Italian restaurants. The basement 'Dickens ' Bar ' has a good atmosphere by night and does a geat lunch-time curry buffet for a tenner with a free drink ! Staff are cheery &amp ; courteous and give the impression thathey are there for your benefit not vice versa. In summary a great place to be and one I hope to return to another 30 times !

we stayed over for 2 nights at The Excelsior. Generally the hotel is in a good location , within 3mins from Causeway MTR. Trams are also conveniently located along the main road and they are definitely a cheap way of getting to central .

we had a room on the 31st floor as asked for a Deluxe Habour view room which was well worth the upgrade when we booked. Excellent view over the habour and the whole of Hong Kong. Rooms are very clean and plenty of space especially with 3 suitcases with us .

i stay here 4-5 times a year and never disappointed.Great Location and Service.Food is buffet style in main restaurant with harbour views of very high standard.Bar &quot ; Talk Of The Town&quot ; has fantastic views and has relaxing cocktail bar.Dickens bar in the basement in the style of &quot ; Brit Pub&quot ; .Some guest rooms are a bit tired now ! Location excellant for Royal Hong Kong Yacht Club .

stayed here for 3 nights on our honeymoon. At check in we were offered to upgrade to club floor for an extra Â £ 60 oer night. This then gave us breakfast and access to executive level where there were free drinks and snacks all day and the best view over the harbour. Breakfast was excellent and the service from the staff was exceptional. Location of hotel is perfect - good access to transport links - star ferry/tram and underground. Recommend the Peak by day and at night. Avoid the Aberdeen fish market if in an organised tour as not much to see .

stayed 2 nights in Excelsior Hotel in late August in a premium room facing the bay. Room was spacious , with excellent beds and linen. Furniture a bit tired , as well as bathroom marble. Bathroom 's shower curtain was stained and smelled of humidity - a replacement was clearly needed. Check-in and check-out was quick and efficient , a reflection of the hotel 's excellent staff. High-quality , varied breakfast buffet .

we decided to spend our honeymoon in honk kong and bali and it was the travel agent who picked this hotel to be fair. However , we had a ball. Hotel was very centrally located as we used the MTR system to get around. The hotel its self is right in the shopping district and our first night from leaving the hotel we were amazed at the amount of people and lights that were behind our hotel and so late.... shops close at 11.30pm for those of you who havnt been

i 've stayed here at least 6 times and just realized I 've never reviewed so here goes. If you love to shop this is the place to stay. You 're only a few minutes walk from huge mainstream shopping , big department stores , and very close to Jardin 's Walk and the Ladies Market. If you want to try local Chinese cuisine there are scores of little places hidden all over the Causeway Bay area .

stayed here for 10 days , speedy checkin. on arrival at our room , a member of staff brought up a complimentary bottle of chardonnay on ice ! room was great , my son was pleased with the complimentary tin of sweets ! We had dressing gowns and slippers provided , and toiletries which included bath gel , shampoo , conditioner , toothbrush , toothpaste , comb , moisturiser and vanity kit - all replaced every day ! The breakfast was amazing , lots of choice , waitressing staff are lovely especially tabie and scarlet , who gave my son a box of chocolates on the last day. The hotel connects with the world trade centre which has lots of shops and eating places such as starbucks. The hotel is in an excellent location , everyhing is on your doorstep , i would choose causeway bay over kowloon. I would highly recommend the excelsior and would return there tomorrow if i had the chance ! if you go with children they are allowed in the dickens bar , just not allowed to drink alcohol not as if they would . A must is to have the curry buffet in dickens bar , Â £ 15 for 2 people and 2 drinks included , it was the best curry i have ever had ! ! !

we stayed at the Excelsior for three nights. The lobby is very impressive , gloriously air-conditioned and the staff were always courteous and attentive .

spent one night here for a business meeting. Rooms large by Hong Kong standard. Beds very comfortable and showers great. Nice little touches such as chocolates and biscuits in a tin shaped like the hotel on arrival. The view was beautiful ! Ate in the first floor restaurant for breakfast and lunch. The buffet was amazing ! ! Such a variety of food and excellent quality. Highly recommend this hotel .

i have to say , clich Ã © though it is , coming back to the Excelsior always feels like coming home. I 'm fortunate enough to be a fairly ! regular visitor to this property , and have never had cause to complain or quibble anything about the whole experience .

we stayed at the Excelsior for 5 nights during a far east tour. We arrived at 07 : 30am and had no problems checking in and getting our allocated rooms. Great location and staff very helpful. View from hotel room over the harbour was superb and the room size for hong kong was above expectations. Room staff even put book-mark in my book which I had left open on the side one morning. Ladies : make sure you have a manicure and pedicure at the hotel.... the best ever looked fab for over 2 weeks ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Quite a busy hotel as seems to be used by a lot of business people but not a problem. Bar at the top great but a little expensive - good entertainment - live band/singers .

i stayed at two Mandarin Oriental hotels on my trip and will try to use them as much as possible in future. Their service is outstanding. Nothing is too much trouble. The Excelsior was no exception The greeting from the reception staff was amazing. They were already aware that our bagge had been lost and arranged emergency packs of necessities to tide us over until it arrived. The room was spacious and comfortable. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The speed of room service or anyone coming to the room was unbelievably fast. The position of the hotel is perfect for getting around although the hotel arranges pick ups from the door for anything their guests want to do. Highly recommended .

this hotel is good value for money and the location is not bad if one wants to be near Causeway Bay. Definitely not as luxurious as the Four Seasons or the hotels located at Pacific Place but not as expensive either .

my visit to this hotel really was quite faultless. The hotel organised a car to pick me up form the airport and the driver telephoned ahead when we were nearly there so that a manager could assist me with check in at a separate desk to save me queuing up with the other arrivals. This was appreciated after a 12 hour flight from the UK

we spent 2 nights at the Excelsior on our way to Australia as part of our honeymoon at the start of June .

i think the room size is fine for a luxury hotel in Hong Kong. When I go to HK I spend very little time in the room since there is so much to do and see and eat . I do n't really understand the complaints unless you tried to get the cheapest room available or arrived during HK Sevens when the hotels are packed .

stayed here in November 2008. The lobby is nice , but do not let that fool you. The rooms are outdated and need remodeling. I have stayed at 5 star resorts in beijing , shanghai , and bangkok , but excelsior looks like motel 6 next to those resorts .

we were in Hong Kong for 5 nights and decided to stay at The Excelsior Hotel. This proved to be a fantastic choice .

stayed only one night as a stop over on the way home from Sydney. Transfer from airport took well over an hour due to the traffic so we arrived late in the evening and feeling very tired. Staff very welcoming and attentive. Room small but clean and beds lovely and comfortable. If you are only staying as a stopover and have a day to spend before travelling on I would thoroughly recommend the half day tour with Tour East tour company.Following a delicious buffet breakfast we had a wonderful four hour tour taking in Aberdeen Harbour - with a trip on a sampan arranged as an extra if wanted I would recommend this , Repulse Bay , the market and finally a trip up to the Peak with a trip down in the tram included. As we had never visited before and had such a short time this was ideal to get an overview of the area. The trip was made all the more enjoyable due to the friendliness and efficiency of the guides. We still had the rest of the afternoon to enjoy the shops before getting our transfer to the airport .

needed a last minute hotel and having stayed in the Grand Hyatt Harbour front a month back on a previous stay I decided I wanted to be in/near the Wanchai area of HK Island as its very central to most things including work and didnt want to pay the high price of the GH

we stayed here for 4 nights with our toddler. We had an upgraded room which was a very good size , with sofa , desk and chair and a large bathroom with bath. The best thing about this hotel is its fantastic location in Causeway Bay Hong Kong Island , near the metro , shops , restaurants etc. We ca n't comment on the food as we were on a room only basis and did not eat in the restaurant - but it did have a great menu and lovely nighttime views of the harbour. The staff were always friendly and courteous and the door staff always helpful too .

it was my second time in Hong KOng and we decided to change our hotel not because of some bad exp but because the TV in the other hotel room did not have a single english language channel. So we booked out trip with our 3 year old at that time at Excelsior Hotel. Excelsior just finished renovating a new wing during that time and we were hoping to get that room. Sadly our package did not include being assigned to the new room. We arrived a bit tired and we waited 1 hour to check in because the line at the check in counter was toooooo long ! When we finally got to our room we were surprised to get a teeeny tiniest room ever. Its like a step and you are at the bathroom door , another step the bed and two more steps and you get the window. We couldnt even put out luggage down on the floor because we wouldnt be able to walk around. Besides that though , the hotel is in the heart of Hong KOng , easy access to transportation as soon as you step out o the hotel. If you can take the closet of a room it was given that it was a bit pricey for the space , then the hotel is for you .

transfer took from airport is about 45 minutes. We stayed five nights .

the hotel is well located for both business and tourism. Friendly and helpful staff and the room is a good size if just a tiny bit on the tired side .

an excellent hotel. Great location ! Literally a hop , skip and a jump to Causeway MTR and right in the heart of the buzz of Causeway Bay. The staff were friendly and efficient. We were upgraded to a Superior Side Harbour View , a slightly larger room than the Run of the House but the view or rather harbour glimpse , through a very small window was disappointing. However , the complimentary champagne and fruit made up for it !

this is an amazing experience. Great hotel with helpful staff. Great bar Dickens with plenty of action and an brilliant lunch at a cheap price. I would recommend a harbour visit room because the view is out of this world. Do try cocktails on the 14th floor for more splendid views of the city. All in all a ten out of ten experience .

the location of the Excelsior in Causeway Bay is its main attraction for me. It is close to the MTR , plenty of buses to Stanley etc. , the trams , plenty of shops and the nightlife area of Wanchai , besides having a wonderful harbour front position .

stayed here for 7 nights as part of my wife 's 40th birthday celebrations. This was a surprise holiday for her to a place she had always dreamed of going. So here we go.. .

we have been to HK many times in the last few years , and now will only stay in the Excelsior on one of the Executive floors we are dead posh . Service is wonderful as are the views from the Lounge and the restaurant on the top floor. Location is brlliant for Causeway Bay and the MTR is only 5 minutes walk away .

i 've stayed here a few times over the last few years , mostly due to location. i will say , it 's in a great spot. however , i 've also watched it get worse and worse , falling very far into decline at this point. in fact , for the money , metro park , across the way is far superior. this hotel has degraded significantly and this last stay was the last straw for me. things all over the room were broken and half rigged to just get by. for the cost of the room , it was absolutely unacceptable. the staff is ok , but they 're constantly over run by airline personnel , i believe they have a deal worked out with BA or something .

this hotel is very well situated close to the ferry for Kowloon

good location and very friendly staff especially in the bar and housekeeping .

on our first visit to Hong Kong it matched our expectations and The Excelsior only added to the experience. It is a top notch hotel in an ideal location 2 minutes from the hustle and bustle of Causeway bay and the MTR and only 5 minutes from the serenity of Victoria Park or a walk along the waterfront. We were glad we opted for the 'calmness ' of HK Island as opposed to the buzz and constant approaches from tailors , etc. in Kowloon .

i stay here to attend a conference in HK convention center after a disappointing 2 night stay at Royal Plaza. Compare to RP , Excelsior is heaven .

i stayed one night in this hotel on the way thru Hong Kong in March. Location is awesome , located near Metro stops , Causeway Bay restaurants , and shopping galore. The staff universally speaks English as well as other dialects. Service was awesome. The bed was comfortable and the shower facilities clean and modern. After coming from 4 previous weeks of large hotel rooms , this one , however , was akin to stepping into a ships cabin in steerage class. It was nicely furnished , clean and modern , but small was too kind of a description. I would stay here again when in the area , but know next time to request if any larger rooms are available for more than one night .

excellent view of the harbor. Very convenient to everything. We stayed in the harbor view room at a great rate. The only problem is the bathroom was very small and the room had no real ventilation - thus not a fresh smell. The staff were very efficient. Definitely , we will stay at this hotel again .

we stayed here for a couple of nights as a stopover on the way to Oz. The location is perfect , the staff are amazing , really friendly and helpful. The rooms are fairly average , quite small , but from our room on the 22nd floor we had the most amazing view of the city. The decor is modern and everything is well maintained. Our only complaint against this hotel comes from our visit to the buffet restaurant on the second floor. After a long flight from the UK we arrived in the evening and not wanting to go out of the hotel hunting for a meal we ventured to the buffet restaurant in the hotel. We made the mistake of not checking the price before we sat down , and I wasnt even very hungry so I only picked up a few items. When the bill came I nearly choked. I have no idea what the cost of the buffet actually is per person but it certainly left a big hole in our wallet. Despite this , it is a good hotel and pretty good value for money buffet excluded ! .

i have been staying at the Excelsior off and on for over twenty years. It has always been good. My most recent stay was in February 09 and I was not disappointed. Although the hotel may need a refurb its customer service does not. It has always been a feature for me as well as the fantastic harbour view rooms .

this was our second visit to Hong Kong. Last time we stayed at the Shangri-la in Kowloon which was fantastic so this time we decided to try to view of the harbour from the island. Plus we have kids now so could n't afford to stay at the Shangri-la again .

this is a well managed hotel .Staff were helpful and curteous. Food was excellent - if a little expensive. Location , overlooking the harbour , is as good as it gets and full harbour view room is worth the extra cost. A classy hotel which I 'd return to any time. By the way , Hong Kong is a fantastic city. Plan your visit carefully as there is so much to see and do. Try some of the islands as a peaceful contrast to the city 's craziness .

we stayed here for 3 nights and thought HK was amazing , it blew my mind , we loved everything about HK .

i must have stayed at a different Excelsior. I asked for a king and got a twin bed room. A hard sell at the front desk to upgrade. The lobbby is like a train station. The rooms are dated and walls as thin as a cheap motel. You hear every bathroom moment your neighbor has. This must be my 50th stay in HK and Kowloon is a much better place and value for hotels .

this hotel is in a great location near Causeway Bay. Very close to shops , restaurants , bars and metro station .

i joined my husband for a business trip that was a week long and we upgraded from the business booking to a Deluxe Harbour view with the extras package. What a lovely place to stay ! The lovely lounge built in for easy harbour viewing was delightful as were the staff - all very happy to please. Hotel was central for all on Hong Kong Island. I had previously stayed in Kowloon and will have trouble next time deciding where to stay as this hotel was just fabulous but I missed being in Kowloon

my wife and I took our two grandchildren to Hong Kong in January at stayed at the Excelsior. Location in Causeway Bay is very good close to Metro , shops , markets , restaurants etc . We had two Deluxe Harbour view rooms with connecting door and the view of Hong Kong Harbour is breathtaking. Definitely worth the extra cost. Staff was very friendly and accommodating and nothing was too much trouble. The only caution I would make is that there is a Disco on the 34th floor so I would not go higher than the say the 28th. We were on the 3oth and while noticeable , the noise was not intrusive. Due to the Australian dollar 's collapse the cost was a little more than expected. We would definitely go back again .

we wanted a reasonable quality hotel in a central location for a few days en route to New Zealand. We knew this was n't the best hotel in Hong Kong but we couldnt afford the Mandarin. It was just what we wanted. The harbour view was magnificent. The room was spacious and clean. The public rooms were big and impersonal but fine for what we wanted. Breakfast was a huge international event. The staff were all helpful and friendly .

the Excelsior hotel is fabulous place to stay. From the minute you arrive everyone tries to make your stay special. You hear people say oh it really does n't matter where you stay as your not in the hotel much , well i must say you will want to be in the Excelsior. The room we stayed in was spotless and the bed was to die for. Just what you need after a hard day sight seeing. The service we had was second to none. We would once again like to say a big thankyou for making our stay perfect .

the hotel is in an excellent location for a tourist wishing to sight see , with the MTR close by cheap and very easy to use and right on the doorstep of the shops and restaurants around Causeway Bay. It is also within easy walking distance of Wan Chai. The staff were friendly and helpful and the housekeeping staff were the best I have come across. The breakfast was expensive but of a high standard with everything you could think of avaliable. The room was fairly small but the view across Victoria harbour was excellent. The Dickens bar was just right for a night cap and a big hit with my boyfriend since it showed the premiership matches live ! If I were to return to Hong Kong Ihope to since it is an amazing place I would definately stay here again .

this is your typical old musty hotel that wants to be 4 or 5 stars but is the US Equivilant of a $ 80/night Day 's Inn plus a Plasma TV and Concierge/Nice Lobby .

can only agree with BByr and the detailed information he has given , we stayed over christmas , and meet up with family. Dickens Bar in the basement very reasonably priced and the happy hour makes it a very popular bar. Hotel is ideally placed and has great views of the harbour. All the staff we encountered were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast buffet was excellent

this is one of the best hotels I 've stayed in Hong Kong and Macau. Before I 've even checked in to the hotel , I 've already experienced their excellent service. The reason being I wished to watch a particular play in Hong Kong on Xmas day and the by the time I 've confirmed my trip it was too late for the tickets to be mailed to my house as it takes 10-15 days for overseas patron. Hence I emailed Excelsior requesting the tickets to be sent to the conceirge and be collected upon my arrival. My request was very promptly attended to and followed up by sending me acknowledgement that the mail has been received. One may think that it is expected of the hotel to provide such personal service ; nonetheless I 'm still very impressed by their speed and sincerity to serve their guests .

stayed at the Excelsior for several days in November in a superior side harbour view room .

we stayed in the Excelsior for three nights as part of a tour we were doing of Bangkok , Hong Kong , Bali and Singapore. This is a very busy hotel but I suspect all hotels are in Hong Kong. The room was good if a little small and dated. It was clean and served its purpose. You are hardly in your room anyway. The breakfast was fantastic and the TOTT bar was fabulous , if a little pricey. Very good location .

a well located hotel in Causeway Bay with stunning views from the 1st floor cafe. Rooms are well appointed with comfy beds. The bathroom was fully functional if a little dated .

the Excelsior is another quality Hong Kong hotel. When I lived there in the early 1980s , the Excelsior was one of the top three hotels on HK island along with the Mandarin and the now defunct Hilton , so on a recent weekend trip I was tempted to try it out. And it is still a very good establishment. It is in an excellent location - overlooking the harbour and the yacht club , next to Victoria Park great for children and joggers , and right by all the restaurants , bars and shops of Causeway Bay. The service is excellent - really good attention to detail. We have a one year old , and came back from our first day out to find a stuffed toy in the room , and all the electrical plugs covered up - even though we had n't asked anybody to do so. The buffet breakfast is very extensive - I ca n't think of anything else they could have included ! It is n't all perfect - the hotel is showing its age nearly 40 in some ways , with the bathrooms a bit dated. And avoid the front rooms on the lower floors , as the traffic below can be fairly heavy. But for us these were minor points. We have already decided that the next time we need a HK hotel , we will choose the Excelsior .

i booked an airport pickup and from the minute someone met us at the airport we were treated so well ! we got water bottles and cold towels in the car , and asked if we wanted music ! I 'm not used to this sort of thing ! A lady met us at the door and took us in , our bags were taken to our room and we were shown where it was. We had a side harbour view room which was very nice. Couldnt fault the hotel. We went to the bar on the 34th floor which is lovely , brilliant views and they had a band on who were amazing ! ! ! People were up dancing , we had a great night , it was a really nice place ! Easy to get to the tube and shops. Now the only thing I would say is that it is expensive but you do get what you pay for. And maybe the decor in the rooms should be updated. I would definitely stay again if i could afford it !

we stayed at the excelsior at the end of september 08 and found it to be a good but not great hotel for the price. However it is in a good location at Causeway Bay and the two bars we went in were some of the best hotel bars we have ever been in - the TOTT bar has great views of the light show every evening at 20.00 and the English bar in the basement is fairly authentic .

we stayed at the Excelsior for 4 nights booked via Virgin , and this trip was our first time in Hong Kong .

recently refurbished rooms make this a good place to stay. My husband used to live in Hong Kong and thought it was a great place to start from. The staff were helpful , we were given champagne on arrival it was our honeymoon and a free drink in the downstairs bar. It was a very cool place to relax in the humid Hong Kong heat. Would recommend to anyone .

if it had a swimming pool the Excelsior could be a 5 star hotel. Since it does n't have one , is just a very good hotel of the celebrated Mandarin chain. And it 's certainly one of the best deals you can find in overpriced Hong Kong. The coffee shop/restaurant on the first floor is very pleasant and the breakfast buffet is excellent. The same goes for the Italian restaurant and for the one in the top floor , overlooking the harbour. There 's also a cigar shop. The hotel is in a walking distance from Causeway Bay subway station. Causeway Bay is itself one of the major commercial areas in the city , where you can buy anything you can think of .

the Excelsior is in need of a bit of updating in places , but essentially its a good enough hotel , where you wo n't be overly disappointed unless you are expecting 5 star luxury. The rooms are a bit functional , and the bathrooms small. That said though the hotel does n't try to be pretentious and the staff are very friendly .

booked to stay at Excelsior through their website which as offering a special promotion Pay 2 nights , get 3 nights for the Deluxe Harbour View Room. Check-in was fast &amp ; seamless. Room size considered good by Hong Kong standards and the view from the room was excellent. However , we were given a room on the top floor , just below the bar/pub TOTT &amp ; being the weekend , we could hear the band playing until 2am. It was n't a problem for us since we was not ready to sleep until pass 2 but it could be a problem for early sleepers. Full toiletries offered and diligently replenished every day. Good location with a 7-Eleven right by its side , MTR station &amp ; lots of shops &amp ; good food nearby. Friendly staff also granted us a generous late check-out at 3pm with no extra charge. Overall , a very pleasant stay .

the Excelsior in Causeway Bay was an excellent choice for this family of four. My husband &amp ; kids had not been to Hong Kong before and the Excelsior was perfectly located to be our launchpad. We had two adjoining rooms which were very large by Hong Kong standards , the beds were extremely comfortabe and the staff were very helpful. The first morning we had the buffet breakfast which was outstanding. We also had dinner in the Cantonese restaurant one night and were very pleasantly surprised by probably our best Canonese meal of the trip ! ! !

hello,

we spent 4 nights at the Excelsior with our families , one family 6 pax other family 5pax. We opted for a double room suite for each family , expensive but the girls loved the robes and the all day snacks at the executive lounge .

hotel

this place is in a great location for shops , metro and getting around HK island generally. The Causeway Bay area its in is very safe with plenty to do around and about. The hotel is failry old and dated now , with huge turnover of guests and a very slick check-in / out process accordingly. Rooms are fairly small , as are the bathrooms , but all clean and tidy and no real issues just faded elegance . The basement bar / British pub is very cosy and the TOTTS restaurant at the top has a brilliant champagne buffet lunch on Sundays. Staff are friendly and knowledgeable , however do n't expect to be wowed by the rooms...then again who wants to stay in a room too long when you are in HK !

the Excelsior was recommended by friends as we were not generally disappointed. Upon checking in and going to our room it was large , clean and comfortable but did not have the harbour view we were expecting. So we went back to reception and they gave us a room with a great view but it was smaller : still very clean and comfortable with all you needed though. The staff were all very helpful , the facilities in the hotel were all very accessible and food/drink was reasonably priced and of good quality. The breakfast service was excellent. Location-wise the hotel was in a great position , near public transport links and shopping and eateries but far enough away from the hustle and bustle of down-town HK. It is not cheap , but it is probably worth it. The hotel also arranges a pick-up/drop-off service at the airport which is very good. All-together a great place to stay for a short break in HK .

we stayed at this hotel for 4 days recently for a break in Hong Kong. The thing that sets this hotel apart from any other is the location - we had a deluxe harbour view room and we could see all of Kowloon plus all of Hong Kong Island Harbour , the Noon Day Gun and the Peak all at once - brilliant !

my wife and I recently travelled to the bustling city of Hong Kong .

the Excelsior is the perfect complement to this vibrant city .

we stayed at the Excelsior Hotel for 5 nights and were more than happy with the hotel and its environs .

i stayed at the Excelsior for four nights on a business trip. Overall , the hotel was very pleasant with courteous service .

stayed in Hong Kong a couple of times as a backpacker and as a traveler who likes a little more comfort these days. The island is where it all happens and the hotel is in the best district &quot ; Causeway&quot ; right on the water front. The tube is around the corner and gets you to central in 5 mins where you can get a ferry to other islands or to the mainland. I did not eat in the hotel apart from the bar under the reception area where you can get a light snack or a full meal and i have no complaints. The rooms are a little small but you spend so little time in them it does not matter.The staff are great and the decor is simple but tastefull. The view on the harbour front rooms is amazing and must be one of the best on the Island .

the Excelsior is pricey , but is a great location if you want to stay on the island .

i have stayed here several times over the years and The Excelsior moves like a well-oiled machine. It is a large hotel in a busy part of town with several restaurants. The lobby has a high volume of foot traffic , but congestion is never a problem. I have always found the service to be outstanding , after all the Excelsior is now run by Mandarin Oriental. The restaurants are appealing. The location makes travelling anywhere in the city incredibly convenient .

loved this hotel. We chose a harbour deluxe room and it is well worth it for the views of the harbour and the skyline from both sides. Entertainment in itself. The staff are friendly and the room had everything you needed for your stay and was immaculately clean. We stayed 9 nights. Room service was a luxury but affordable and you really have to have breakfast in your room overlooking the harbour. Lots of nice little touches like postcards of the views , a daily morning paper and sweets in a replica Excelsior hotel tin ! ! This is a great area for shopping and eating and it is only 5 minutes walk to the MTR. The hotel restaurants are great as well and there is an English pub with weekly pub quiz for those of you missing home. Great for families and it is really safe around. You overlook the noonday gun. You can walk to the star ferry in about 15 minutes. Victoria Park is also a short walk. Really glad we stayed on Hong Kong island and not Kowloon as the night life is on the HK side .

the Convenience Factor

stayed here recently for 3 nights and it was great. Location is good as its near the MTR , Starbuck is just across the street at WTC. Time Square is just a few minutes walk too. There 's also a 7-11 nearby for those who wants to save on water instead of buying it in the hotel. Staff are friendly too. The only downside is that the bed they gave us is 2 single bed joined together instead of 1 queen size bed .

i guess I ca n't add much to what others have written , here is what stood out for me :

my review is based on having stayed here over 12 times .

i booked this hotel from CXHolidays and was kind of a last minute trip .

hotel is located next to the World Trade Center in a very vibrant neighborhood of restaurants and shopping malls , frequented by locals and travelers. Underground access to the Noon Day Gun , and near Victoria Park. Close to metros and trams .

nice hotel. Terrific location. Very good and friendly service. While it is true the hotel d Ã © cor is a bit tired , and it is not a fancy hotel , it is well-kept and clean and seemingly well-run. By the way , we don â € ™ t agree with most of the criticisms in prior reviews , except for the small/old tv 's .

we stayed at this hotel for three nights in February on a trip to Asia. It has a very convenient location in Causeway Bay close to the MTR station , which means all the main sights in Hong Kong are easily accessible and there a plenty of good shopping on the doorstep. It also means you can link in pretty easily to the airport train at central station. In addition if you buy a three day octopus card , you can get the free airport train hotel transfer bus from outside of the hotel to central station and then get on the train. This is very useful and makes life easy. The service was , on the whole , excellent in the hotel and breakfast is one of the best experiences I have had in a hotel , with food cooked and juices made live for you. The bar on the top of the hotel talk of the town is very nice and good to relax in the evenings looking over to Kowloon. The downside is that the hotel rooms are looking a bit tired , with carpets wearing thin and the bathrooms smell a bit. We booked a non-smoking double room with harbour view but were told on arrival that they only had non smoking twin rooms overlooking the harbour but if we wanted a double we could have a smoking double or a non-smoking double without harbour view. This was disappointing and we had to settle for a twin non smoking room overlooking the harbour. In addition , we requested a change of room as the bathroom smelt in our room but all they could do was fumigate the room which helped , but not much. If I were going back to Hong Kong I would probably look to stay elsewhere as ,for the money ,I would expect the rooms to be a little more modern and fresh which is a shame as the service provided by the hotel and its location are real plus points .

we stayed one night at the Excelsior prior to boarding a ship for a Far East cruise. Check in was quick and efficient. The lobby area is n't that big but all you need .

i have found my new Home when on business trips in Asia .

we booked this hotel for a 4 night stay while returning to the UK from Oz , we had also stayed in Singapore on the way over so were really looking forward to the hotel and Hong Kong .

the location of the hotel is great and although parts of the hotel and rooms look a little dated , I would gladly stay here again ! I also want to make special mention of the fact that I left my journal , which I 've had for 15 years , in the room after I had checked out and did n't even know about it until I received an email from the hotel 's housekeeping service that it had been found ! They subsequently sent it back to me by registered mail ! That is outstanding service and I am forever grateful for this kind act as my journal is invaluable and impossible to replace .

just returned from a 3 night stop over in Hong Kong on our way back from Australia. The hotel was booked by our travel agent , and was well priced as a high end 4 star hotel .

good size of room even though it was not big same like all hotels in Hong Kong , but spacious enough for 2 people. Good location right on the harbour. However , as we have had experienced with Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group , this one was a bit far from their standard...not too bad , but not quite in a group. The small details like quality of bath towel was very thin and not good enough , slippers looked cheap quality and no spare toilet rolls in the bathroom , windows looked very dirty , fixture seemed worn out and old. However , the overall was ok for money and location .

stayed here on an overnight stop to Australia. We booked it as it is part of the Mandarin Oriental group and we have had excellent experiences at other MO hotels. Sadly the rooms are ridiculously small - our room , despite being &quot ; Executive&quot ; , was not big enough to have a proper door to the ensuite bathroom and had a sliding door instead which was about 4 inches from the side of the bed ! The room was disappointing , but the staff were very helpful and check-in / out was efficient and breakfast in the exec lounge was nice enough. On the whole I would recommend the Sheraton in Kowloon as a better mid-price option .

great location for shopping , as it is near Fashion Walk , Sogo and Times Square. Also very near the MTR. Hence , extremely convenient. Hotel staff are polite and welcoming. Drivers of the airport coaches are nice and friendly as well. There 's a nice little tea break place next to the elevators at the ground floor called Illy which serve excellent egg tarts .

i stayed here , and loved the hotel and location. Get a harbour view room when checking in. The hotel is very close to the subway , and right in the shopping district. The staff were very friendly and helpful .

great location , lots of shopping and eating , easy access to the rest of Hong Kong. My only complaint was that we booked a non smoking room but when we arrived none where available. I honestly hated the fact that we had to stay in a smoking room as the smell was strong in the room. That being said , I would stay in the hotel again if I was given a non smoking room .

the very best breakfast buffet I have seen for a long time is always a good start of the day , and Excelsior delivers just that. The room I got 1501 was a corner room with a full harbour view â € “ very nice ! Unlike many other HK rooms this was spacey , mostly because of the corner position that actually wastes some space for an in-room corridor in stead of enlarging the room .

i travel alot , and was meeting my brother in HK for a few days. I normally stay in the Grand Hyatt or the Penisula - but I thought I would downgrade a star and stay at the Excelsior. It was more like downgrading 3 stars though ! ! Location is pretty good , but as soon as we checked in - the receptionist tried to hard sell an upgrade to the executive floor. When I declined - my originally booked rooms were not available suprise suprise - and I was forced to sleep in a single room - when I had booked a deluxe king ! I then had to change rooms the next day. They tried to do the same with my brother but after pointing out at 6ft 6 a single bed is hardly feasible - they found a new room for him. But it later transpires a downgraded room at the same price .

good location on Causeway Bay direct access to shops . Harbour view room was definitely worth the extra. Service was impeccable , and staff genuinely friendly. Excellent room service at reasonable charge. Very high standard of cleanliness. We were made to feel welcome and extremely comfortable .

british Airways use this hotel for their crew and a friend had recomended it to us .

this hotel in a great location. Step out the side door and you are in a great shopping area. Safe to walk around and the noon day gun just across the road underpass for crossing over . We had a harbour view room on executive floor and the service was fantastic. Room fairly ordinary but quite big I thought compared to other hotels I have stayed in. The executive lounge was also great with breakfast , light lunch , and nibble and drinks provided. The staff are extremely friendly and no matter who it was from cleaner , porter to administration staff they always greated you first with a hello or in our case 'merry christmas'. The executive lounge staff always greeted us and addressed us everytime by name which was also nice .

this is a nice hotel with a GREAT bar on the top floor think Park H yatt in Tokyo from Lost in Translation . While the views from Kowloon looking at Hong Kong are always nicer , this bar has an awesome panorama view of Victoria Harbour .

one of the hotels I stayed at during my recent two-week trip to Hong Kong was the Excelsior Hong Kong in Causeway Bay. I 've known about this hotel for a long time but have never stayed there on any of my prior trips in the past 10 years. I 'm glad I finally found my way here. The hotel is quite elegant and the harbourview room I booked definitely met my expectation in terms of decor , size , and view .

my husband and I stayed at the Excelsior for 3 nights after a 3 week trip to Australia. The staff were friendly and the hotel is in a good location for shops and transport but it is in serious need of refurbishment .

returning to the Excelsior for the 1st time for 3 years we realised that it 's still our favourite upper-mid range hotel in Hong Kong .

spent 4 nights here for a friend 's wedding , great place with a really central location if you want shopping and the noon day gun. Rooms ok size and quite standard hotel decor but very quiet and stafff very attentive and helpful. Great choice of restaurants. The bar on the 34th floor has 270 degree views so is great at night but pricey drinks so maybe not for the whole evening !

this is a good value hotel if you are on business and need a clean hotel at a more reasonable rate than Mandarin , Four Seasons etc

i stayed there for 7 nights 8th Oct - 14th Oct 2007 in an Executive Suite. I would say my overall experience was good. I am impressed with the room size , cleanliness , amenities and the view. I felt comfortable , relax and always look forward to coming back to the room after a long day outside. It was excellent .

we stayed for a week in an executive harbour view room. I recommend paying the extra for the executive floors as you get some nice touches in the room and the breakfast choice which is included in the price is great .

i stayed 5 nights at Excelsior. I was happy with the hotel given the good rate that I managed to get &lt ; HKD900/nite , no breakfast .

i was really pleased with the excelsior. Everything was executed flawlessly during my 4 nights stay. The buffet breakfast was excellent ; we had two people staying the hotel but only offered one free breakfast , i thought that was abit odd. The room was not small by HK standard , spotless and the service throughout was perfect .

this hotel is in a great central location. It overlooks the harbour , which is nice , but we would n't necessarily pay the extra for this feature again although it is nice at nighttime . At the back of the hotel is the main shopping district which was great and the MTR tube station is right next to the hotel which is handy .

i 've stayed here many times...Decent location with all of the Causeway Bay shopping behind the hotel without the hustling that you find in Tsim Sha Tsui...But the MTR station is a 2-min walk , connecting you to the rest of Hong Kong/Kowloon in just a few minutes. Clean , comfortable rooms with a good staff. The Italian restaurant in the hotel has decent food. Executive floor rooms offer a decent breakfast and great 'cocktail hour ' with hot appetizers and a staff that really makes you feel welcome and seems to cater to your every need .

my husband and I went to stay at The Excelsior in Hong Kong as part of our our of the far east .

staying in Excelsior is all about location. It is located in Causeway Bay , just minutes from MTR subway station , Sogo , Times Square and the shopping that you can get. You do n't have to go to the Kowloon side or Mongkok to buy electronics etc because you can get the same things in Causeway Bay area too .

stayed at hotel middle August .

we have just returned from our trip to China and the standout hotel out of the three we stayed at during our trip was the Excelsior in Hong Kong. What set it apart was the courteous staff , the excellent amenities and most of all , the convenient location of the hotel .

the Excelsior is a good value hotel ; you can get to &quot ; downtown&quot ; HK island and Kowloon easily by bus or subway , as well as hop on a bus to go to the beaches , etc. on the other side of the island. However , it is a far cry from the Mandarin Oriental &quot ; standards&quot ; I 've experienced not that I expected it to be on par with The Oriental in Bangkok , but come on , despite the fact that it is owned by the group. The room was reminiscent of an old Howard Johnson or Motel 6. I did like the British-style pub downstairs , which made me a little homesick for western creature comforts such as good french fries they were great at the pub , as I was on the tail-end of my sightseeing / gastronomic tour of SE Asia. However , I have to say that I would not stay at this property again if when ! I go back to HK .

we stayed the 26th of June â € ™ 07 to the 29thth for 3 nights , as part of a stopover on the way to Australia .

we stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our honeymoon and were pleasantly surprised following some reports on here. We upgraded to a executive side harbour view room , which was clean and comfortable. Rooms not huge but you dont need them to be in a city ! !

my wife and I visited Hong Kong for the first time in May 2007 so we were a bit unsure about which hotel to pick. We were very pleased with the Exclesior. It had everything we were looking for. The room was clean and had everything you would expect. Room service was first

pleasantly surprised at location. Loads of activity right on the doorstep , very close to MTR so easy to get around .

i stayed at the Excelsior for 5 nights around Chinese New Year. This is my second stay at this hotel and I was again very pleased with the hotel .

my Girlfriend and I stayed at the Excelsior for a long weekend at the beginning of June. We decided to stay at here on the strength of previous tripadvisor reviews .

i stayed at the Excelsior for nearly two weeks , and found the service to be excellent. I had a large room with a wonderful view of the harbor. Very clean rooms , excellent food , and attentive staff. Visas for mainland China were handled quickly by the concierge. Laundry service was fast and efficient. I would definitely stay here again !

had been a little disturbed by some of the reviews on here before we went , but found the hotel great. Taxi took a while to get to the hotel from Central station in the rush hours traffic , but once we got there the doorman was very welcoming , and reception staff efficient there were other people checking in , so they took us across to the air-crew desk ! Our room had a partial harbour view , and looked partially over the top of the low rise buildings to the right of the hotel , gave a good open feeling. The room was clean and comfortable , decor was in good condition , but not terribly up to date. Pretty much what i would expect for a hotel in this location that charges this much less than some of the other hotels in a busy , expensive city .

what a fab hotel , excellent location for both the finanical district and also the real &quot ; Hong Kong&quot ; . Views from the rooms at the front of the hotel are brilliant especially the higher floors. Rooms were immaculately clean and the carpets throughout the hotel were steam cleaned weekly. The TOTTs Asian Grill Restaurant on the top floor is out of this world , the food is glorious and the service next to none. The hotel is used for both holiday-makers and business people , which is what you expect in such a city as this. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a true taste of Hong Kong. The hotel Limo service is excellent too and really reasonably priced .

stayed in Excelsior for 4 nights. Check in process was prompt and efficient , staff address me with my last name .

having just moved to Hong Kong to live my company placed us in the Excelsior for 2 weeks whilst we searched for an apartment. In my opinion the hotel is predominately a business hotel being used by a significant amount of airline crew and people passing through for work with the majority of tourists opting to stay in the slightly better class and better located hotels in central and admirality. Not to say that this hotel isnt used by tourists but they tended to be coach parties stopping by for one or two nights. The location of the hotel in Causeway Bay is n't bad but if your a tourist spending a few nights in Hong Kong then the hotels in Central will be the ones that you will give you the lifetime memories not the the Excelsior. Some observations from my time there :

the Excelsior Hotel is located at the busy shopping area of Causeway Bay. About a short city block away from the MTR Causeway Bay Station near the Sogo department Store. The hotel is at the action of both retail shopping and close to large shopping malls and stores. On the north side of the hotel there is front way a very busy highway and a small feeder road for access to the hotel with limited access. The west side of the hotel is really the main entrance which is a small unappealing one way alley coming from the World Trade Centre shopping mall .

we spent ten days at the Excelsior and enjoyed every minute. having read all the reviews on this site we were concerned about what to expect .

i entered the hotel with some trepidation having read some of the reviews...The location is fabulous , the harbour view rooms are tremendous esp. at night . I stayed here on business and the LAN access was great. The room was large. the bed comfy. The hotel was quiet , the staff very attentive and the food fine. I have stayed in much better hotels and paid 3 times as much . I have stayed in far worse and paid 3 times as much as well ! . A good base for a meeting , a nice stay .

for Christmas 2006 my family left the cold of Toronto and headed for Hong Kong. While staying at the Excelsior Hotel in Causeway Bay , we , along with other family members and friends , had the Christmas buffet at the hotel 's Cafe. Then the next day four people in our group became violent ill with food poisoning , an incident we reported promptly to the F&amp ; B Manager. However , nearly a month later they emailed me saying out of the 500 + guests they served that night , NOBODY got sick did the four of us not count ? Did they actually call everyone and check ? .

to put it bluntly the Excelsior is a dump and needs a major renovation. I am really surprised that the Oriental hotel group does n't have a problem attaching its name to the property. The one exception is that the service from the staff was up to Mandarin Oriental par. The rooms were really quite small , run down and not the most comfortable. I ate in the hotel once at the buffet for lunch and was not thrilled. Decent location , good business services , good car service although it is prohibitively expensive. I would only stay there again simply because the rates tend to be much better than most other Hong Kong hotels .

it was the week of ITU Telecoms , and all hotels were booked. This was the only hotel I managed to get , and even then at some extremely exhorbitant rate. The Excelsior is sorely in need of a refresh , although it is smack in the middle of Causeway Bay. Service staff were fine , unlike what was said in the other reviews. The bay view is nice , although the rooms are smallish and old .

i stayed for 3 nights at the Excelsior in HK during November 2006 .

this was so disappointing. I was in HK on business the first week of Dec 2006,. My corporate travel dept. booked this as its on our approved hotel list. First , the hotel 's lobby , restaurants , driveway are very busy and hectic at most times of day. Much of their clientele is airline crew - they have a separate line/check in not a good sign . Even though my corp acct guaranteed my reservation , the hotel did not have any non-smoking rooms avail when i arrived at 7pm what i had booked . I called the manager out and were told that a NS room would be avail by 10pm ! ? . I had no idea what could happen in those 3 hours that would make a room avail. They said I could keep my things in an avail smoking room and use restroom , etc. - it was just awful ! Dirty , very much in need of remodel , very small , and the smell was just terrible - I could have never slept in this room due to the heavy cigarette smell. Causeway Bay is nice to shop , but I would n't recommend staying there , you 're much better off in Central. And in no way would i recommend you stay at this hotel. The staff did n't seem empowered to help me , it was the manager who &quot ; found&quot ; the NS room .

this Hotel is in a very good location with regard to shopping and restuarants etc and has lovely views of the Harbour,but the rooms are dated and require a little TLC. We had reqested a Deluxe Room with Harbour View and got a Harbour Room but certainly not a Deluxe Room. The Tea and Coffee making facilities were of an absolute minimum and were pushed into a tiny space within the mini bar.We were on the 31ST floor which was because we asked for a smoking room.Ok so being so high we did n't expect the windows to open fully,but were suprised to find they did n't open at all ! ...Not even an inch !

we stayed here for 3 nights in Oct 06. The deluxe rooms are a great size , and the beds are really comfy. Make sure that you get a view of the harbour,its great at night time. We ate at the Chinese restaurant in the hotel one night and the food was great. The bar that is part of the hotel has a really good atmosphere and we spent most nights in there , especially good for a nightcap. The staff are friendly and the hotel itself is very clean and comfortable. Its in really central place especially for shopping , but its a good 15-20 minute walk to the star ferry. The tram stops are about 10 minutes walk away.While you are in HK I would recommend having afternoon tea at the Peninsula hotel in Kowloon , its a real treat. Its a great city with so much to see and do and you would pay alot more for a hotel of this standard over on Kowloon , but there is no need with the star ferry so easy to use you can take the ferry over and stare at the view of HK for as long as you want .

we spent 3 nights at this hotel 22 - 25 September 2006 .

my wife and i stayed here in early october and were very impressed. we upgraded to a suite with a harbour view which was expensive although ultimately worth it as it was our wedding anniversary. Wehad a great night in the Dickens bar within the hotel and would definitely recommend you give it a try .

i had read the reviews on tripadvisor , but at the end of the day , had no choice about staying here as it was to meet up with a friend who had already booked the hotel. I arrived on a Saturday afternoon about 5pm , and that is where the problems started. Took 10 minutes to get to the desk with the queue Despite requesting a non-smoking room and phoning to confirm such , I had to remind them of this specific request at checkin , and then they had no room for me when I arrived. I was told the room might be available at about 9pm why ? but in the meantime I could shower and freshen up in a smoking room they had available. There was no offer of an upgrade as the hotel was full. I was prepared from the other reviews for this , so basically I had a controlled quiet hissy fit at reception , being escalated through three people up to the manager , before they &quot ; found&quot ; me a non-smoking side-harbour view room 1720 . Luckily it was renovated , with a new bathroom , but the &quot ; view&quot ; was laughable .

recently spent eight nights in this hotel and I can not praise it more highly. The room grandluxe with harbour view on high floor , service from beginning to end of my visit and food were excellent ! Furthermore the Excelsior is convenient for the underground MTR . Will certainly stay there again if I make a return visit to Kong Kong .

i was there for 2 nights. It is a large , busy hotel with many tourists , business guests and airline cabin crew. My room 2021 was comfortable and clean with a good view towards the sea. It is a little small and the bathroom will need renovation in the near future. However the facilities in the room were very good and I was pleased that an iron and ironing board were provided .

we stayed in this hotel at the end of our 15 day Kuoni China tour .

we chose this hotel as the agent had been there and said it was in a good location - very safe , and good value. We got there and reception asked if we wanted to upgrade to a full harbour view room on the exec floor for Â £ 50 night , and it included breakfast , and cocktails and canapes from 4-8pm , so we did and best money we spent , we got a lovely room , althought the bathrooms are very old , and desparately need a face lift , but never the less they were clean. The club exec lounge was so lovely for breakfast and to have snacks in for the afternoon , never busy and great views of harbour .

the last time I was in Hong Kong I stayed at the Island , Shagri-La. This time , it was business so I ended up at the Excelsior as most of my meetings were in Central. For starters , accomodation in Central or Causeway Bay are going to be expensive so that 's a given .

i used to stay in Prudential whenever I go to HK yearly but no , I think I may pay more and come to Excelsior. Beautiful room with a great harbour view both in day and at night. We upgraded to the superior harbour view room and were not disappointed. The location is fabulous if you are thinking of food and shopping. Across the street , you get good buys in small lane and trendy shops for the young and hippies in shopping centres surrounding the hotel. There is a cheap Japanese restaurant and a Korean restaurant serving authentic Korean food , not to mention 24hr eateries all nearby. Hotel is also near ferry terminal to Macau and HK central Station , so it is convenient to take a train to to HK station and then take a cab here. Its easy and fast and cheap too. I would not hesitate to stay there again .

we have just come back from three nights in the Excelsior and it was a nice hotel. We paid for an upgrade to a Superior Harbour view room I probably would have been rather angry with a city view . The only thing going for the Harbour views are the actual views and hence city views must be disappointing . I thought the rooms were very dated and the bathroom was a bit on the small size. I thought the service was good but on my check-in after a long flight like most people visiting Hong Kong and hence tired the first question was..Passports please ? which is acceptable and then second question was if I wanted an upgrade in what I would call a semi aggressive way of asking ... I felt the check in staff were more in search of a quick sale then making me feel welcome. I did go for the upgrade to the Harbour view one must especially if it is your first time to Hong Kong . Apart from the check in I thought all the staff were very welcoming. Breakfast is great...and good value for the sumptuous buffet you get. The location was good especially as the shops close late and transport into town is easy via the metro system. If I went back to Hong Kong I would probably try another hotel. I would not recomend this hotel if you are used to staying in Mandarin Oriental styel of hotels as this is not up to the standard of other Mandarins .

we checked in here in mid-June on the first leg of our round the world trip. An excellent start. We had a harbour view superior room - great views across the bay. The location of the hotel was excellent - although most places in central Hong Kong are great for transport .

i can not fault this hotel. From the moment we arrived the service we received was first class.The check in process was extremely efficient , we were given a free upgrade to an executive room with views overlooking Victoria Harbour. The standard and cleanliness of the room was high. We had breakfast in the hotel every morning and found it good value for money and superb choice on offer. The staff were very freindly and exremely helpful. Location of the hotel is ideal for exploring with MTR station closeby. The Dickens bar is worth a visit. Overall our stay was a very enjoyable one .

i 've been to Hong Kong 5 times and stayed at the Excelsior 3 times : 1984 , 1992 and 2005. I last stayed for one week in November , 2005. This time I had a full harbor view room I had ordered a low floor harbor view but was upgraded to the 27th floor upon arrival ! . The view alone is practically worth the price of the room which was about $ 250 US. The rooms are large with plenty of amenities and great for business travelers. They also gave me a complimentary bottle of wine upon arrival .

having seen other reviews , we upgraded to a Harbour View Room at approx Â £ 20 per night which was well worth it. Great view , large clean room , god location. The breakfast is fantastic with great views over the harbour .

family of 3 stayed 2nights June 06. This a a Good Hotel we upgraded to the Executive suite on the 30th Floor overlooking the Harbour and for the few extra $ $ 's we also had the daily breakfast , lunch , afternoon tea and drinks included. Location is fantastic only minutes to train &amp ; shops , staff very helpful as well. The room was much larger than expected , compared to others we have stayed in before , this gets our thumbs up .

very clean , fantastic location very close to the MTR and overlooking the mid day gun. The hotel staff were friendly but the rooms and the decor are VERY jaded and in need of a refurbishment. It definately is not &quot ; Luxury&quot ; .

we stayed at the Excelsior about three years ago , and I would have to say the experience was mixed. We spent 10 days there this year and thoroughly enjoyed it. I 'll get the niggles out of the way first : it still needs a lick of paint , the television is small and old , the bathroom is small though adequate .

we arrived after a long day of travelling. The reception area seemed chaotic , but I expected that having read previous reports. However , it was n't too long before we were checked in and from that moment , our stay at this hotel was wonderful. The staff always polite and went out of there way to make us feel really special. We did upgrade our room as it was our wedding anniversary. We had a large suite on the 26th floor with club lounge access. This gave us three different views of Hong Kong. The club lounge is on the 31st floor and provided a good breakfast , more than adequate lunch and other snacks at different times of the day. We had alcoholic drinks between 1730 and 2000hrs each day plus a complimentary bottle of champagne in our room because of the occasion. The room was well furnished and always clean and included a small kitchenette and walk in wardrobe as well as lounge and smaller than expected bathroom. Internet access is available inroom but in comparison with some hotels , rather expensive , charged per hour rather than per minute. A range of cafes and restaurants available in the hotel on various floors providing ample choice plus an English themed bar in the basement. There is also a pedestrian tunnel under the busy road outside to get you to the waters edge , important to be present at the daily noon day firing of the canon. Also watch for the symphony of lights on the waterside , both Hong Kong Island and Kowloon side , each evening at 8pm. Being on Causeway Bay gave immediate access to the shopping there and also spectacular views of the Harbour , Hong Kong Island and Kowloon. There ar n't many hotels I would suggest in this City that could provide such great views. We checked out through the club lounge reception , much quieter and more personal. Personally , I would avoid the taxis like the plague , the airport express train is very efficent and quick and you can hop on a free bus from the station to the hotel. At 3000HK $ per night , not cheap , but who cares , the stay was one we will never forget .

this hotel is right on causeway bay and so access to many of the attractions is straight-forward .

my fianc Ã © had to travel to HK for work so I tagged along as I had leave and air-miles up my sleeve. We stayed at the Excelsior as his company has corporate rates setup there .

we were in Hong Kong for the Rugby Sevens , so the location was perfect--within walking distance of the stadium. The hotel is actually in Causeway Bay , not Central , as a previous reviewer stated. But Central is just two quick stops away on the MTR--entrance is right around the corner from the hotel. The hotel is also right in the middle of a great shopping district and right next door to a nice park .

stayed there a half-dozen times. Nice but pricey , but hey this is Hong Kong. I had a good corporate rate and always stayed on the executive floor which bosts a smallish but well appointed lounge .

hight marks for service , cleanliness and food. Located in a very convenient location for downtown Hong Kong. The rooms are very comfortable and the view of the bay is awsome .

having stayed at other Mandarin Oriental properties this hotel was quite a disappointment. Even though expectations were already lower based on the room prices , it was surprising just how run down and worn out the guest rooms have become. The Excelsior would benefit from refurbishment. I 'm surprised Mandarin Oriental have their name on this hotel .

very clean and comfortable. We had a side view harbor view club room. Would suggest full harbour view room for future. Enjoyed the breakfasts , snacks and drinks made available for club room floors. There for business. Husband could use lap top w/no problem in room .

check in at 09.00 was very quick and easy shown to room with side view which was good then asked if we would like to upgrade which we did at a small extra cost superb view over harbour and midday gun .

i have stayed at the Excelsior many times. Each time has been a wonderful experience. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Dickens Bar is a must for all sports fans. I recommend the fish and chips in particular .

we stayed for 10 nights and could not fault the service , rooms and location. The location is excellent , literallly around the corner from the MTR-which is the lifeline to getting around. I personally found the shopping around Causeway Bay area excellent for choice and value and better than in Singapore. A must do - visit the &quot ; Rainbow Seafood Restaurant in Lamma Island including free ferry. We would definitely stay here again and recommend it .

we stayed here for three nights on a stop-over from Australia to Heathrow. Throughout our visit everyone of the staff we encountered was pleasant and helpful. We upgraded to an executive room which provided access to a super lounge area with inclusive breakfast , lunch and early evening drinks .

have stayed at this hotel twice , and it 's well overdue for upgrades to the rooms. It can not be classified as a 5-star hotel compared to others in Hong Kong. Bathroom in particular is poor , amenities are minimal. Am hoping that renovations are n't too far off in the future as it is still a good value .

we stayed at the Excelsior in Hong Kong for 7 nights at the end of January .

phenomenal rooms , food , staff &amp ; courtesy !

the hotel is very busy constantly , but is well located in a great shopping area.Rooms are ok but get the harbour view its worth it.Breakfast buffet is outstanding for choice.Lots of easy transport on the doorstep,dirt cheap taxis,trams and metro.Dickens bar is great,very English but cheap ? ? No way ! ! Watch prices in electronic shops also - not always the bargains they potray.A mad place but enjoyed it thoroughly .

stayed for 6 nights on a business trip - judging from some of the reviews here I was slightly apprehensive. Should n't have been. For me hotels need 3 things - great location , comfortable beds , powerful showers. Big tick in all 3 columns. Sure , it 's not plush , but the views from my harbour facing room were superb. And when I complained about a vast family in the room next door making a racket , I was re-roomed immediately. Not only that , they apologised for it on reception when I checked out 2 days later , and a letter from the management was waiting for me on return home , again aplogising and hoping I was n't overly inconvenienced .

we stayed 4 nights here. We had great expectations as it is part of the Mandarin Oriental chain... we arrived to chaos ! We got to the hotel at 20hrs to see some very stressed looking check in staff trying to resassure queues of customers with suitcases. It turns out that they had no rooms ready until 22 : 30hrs. We were given complimentary drinks vouchers , a high room and a late check out free of charge. We also received a bottle of wine as an apology the next day ! . The room was lovely although it could do with an update , great views and comfy bed. Bathroom was adequate although a ceiling tile collapsed on me in the bathroom one night ! ... The best part about the hotel is the Dickens Bar downstairs - great atmosphere , cheap beer and friendly , local bar staff a real gem in the hotel ! .

we stayed at this hotel January 5-8. Prior to arrival , I spoke with the concierge several times. He confirmed my stay , set up airport transportation , and arranged tours. Everything was perfect when we arrived late at night. Our room had a fabulous view overlooking the harbour and Kowloon. The bed was comfortable. The shower was a little slow to drain and had some stains but fine otherwise .

after reading previous reviews and experiencing a stay at the Excelsior personally , I have to agree with some reviewers : it is not up to Mandarin Oriental standard. I was fully aware of Excelsior condition prior to my stay , so I didn â € ™ t expect much and stayed only FOR THE VIEW for the New Year .

my husband and i stayed at the excelsior hotel in Hong Kong for 4 nights at the beginning of our honeymoon. The hotel was lovely and we upgraded to an executive room and the perks that this entailed. We had a brilliant harbour view and although the room was a little small this was to be expected in such a city. The staff were extremely efficent but welcoming and friendly something we found throughout Hong Kong. We found staying on Hong Kong island was the best choice for us and we will definetly be planning a return trip to Hong Kong and a future stay in the excelsior .

the Excelsior is one of those mid-level hotels that tries to be a first-rate hotel , but ca n't pass muster. That they are owned by the Mandarin Oriental chain only makes it worse , since the staff thinks they are working at the Mandarin , but without the training and resources to bump up the service and amenities to make a stay here memorable or enjoyable. Certainly , if someone was not used to staying at first-rate hotels , they would n't notice how young and unprofessional the desk , lobby and business center staff are here. It 's hard to describe it , since the differences can be subtle to those not used to good service , but to see what I mean simply walk into the lobby of the Peninsula in Hong Kong , and walk into the lobby here. Not taking into account the physical differences , which are not worth comparing the Penisula is a more expensive hotel but it does n't cost anymore for a well-trained , professional and friendly staff. The Excelsior stumbles badly. The rooms are way over-designed. They look like a designer 's first job , with an attempt to include everything they 'd ever read about for a &quot ; hip&quot ; hotel which this is not . A glass window from the shower to the room senseless in this setting , glass sink bowl always messy looking , backlighting , cove lighting , hidden lighting everywhere -- there are seven different light switches just for the room. It 's silly -- and all the built-in furniture , shelves , tables , sofas , closets -- everything is over-wrought and jammed into the space making a typically small Asian room even smaller. I never did figure out how to turn the backlighting off inside the frosted glass closet. The room redo 's are likely new , since they are in pretty good shape , but it looks dated -- mid-1990s stuff. The business center looks like it was passed by when the rooms were upgraded --definitely 1980s looking -- and get this , a 20 percent surcharge for calling DHL to pick up my box of laundry I was sending home. Every hotel I stayed in on this trip called DHL for free. That surcharge was absurd. And when I complained about it a US $ 120 &quot ; extra&quot ; charge for making a phone call ! ! to the manager on duty , he said &quot ; it 's the hotel policy&quot ; . Yes , but it 's still stupid , policy or not. And a real hotel , offering real service NEVER tells a guest with a legitimate complaint , &quot ; it 's the hotel policy&quot ; shrugs and walks away. As an overall experience was the stay bad ? No , but what irks me is when a hotel pretends to be classy and service oriented , and it is not even close. Just be honest , Excelsior , you are a pedestrian hotel. Do n't pretend to be anything else --that 's what makes guests upset. If the hotel had simply advertised themselves as a middle-of-the-road place , my middle-of-the-road experience would not be nearly so disturbing .

great location but if you dont get a harbour view room which is priced much higher than the standard room then i wouldnt expect much. our view was of an adjacent concrete wall and from all accounts from friends we made in the hotel a lot smaller. The furniture was definately dating but outside the room you wont be too dissapointed. the sports bar is a great if expensive place to sit on a night for a good atmosphere and the buffet on the first floor is great. Make sure you get to mong kok market on kowloom side though and dont take the first second or third price they give you ! !

we have been staying at this hotel over the last few years. Stopover before the long haul to Europe. This year our room 2306 was excellent overlooking Hong Kong Harbour , Marina and Kowloon. The harbour view rooms are a must as they are spacious with all the mod cons. Its magical watching the large cargo ships cruising up and down the harbour jostling for space between the ferries and junk boats .

i booked our holiday and not knowing where you are going is a risk and a worry for anyone. We dropped everyone off as you do and you start thinking i hope ours is ok and you are always last at been dropped off. Well i was very relieved at my hotel it was fabulous and very central without any noise and it was excellant. It was within 2 min walk of the famous trans that you see on the TV. Very clean the people were brilliant , We enjoyed it so much that we will book without a doubt again. May i just warn everyone that we got up and was out at 8.30am in the morning there is very little action because this is a late night city , it did n't cause us a problem it was nice and quiet and we loved that time of the day. Please go to China town and see the markets. If you are thinking of going I hope that you all have a wonderful time as we did and we are going to have to go back soon. THE HOTEL IS A DEFINATE ONE TO VISIT

this is a great hotel in a great location. The fact that it 's right next to a shopping center that stays open until quite late really gives you a feel of Hong Kong .

this is a Great hotel. .

i have been a regular guest at this hotel for several years and have to say that it is probably the best combination of price , location and quality on Hong Kong Island. I have stayed at a large number of other hotels on Hong Kong little experience on the Kowloon side and while there are other hotels which are truely wonderful in Hong Kong the Island Shangri-la I love when you factor in price and location Causeway Bay has all the shopping and restaurants on your doorstep I keep returning in the Excelsior. You may not have the over the top lobby , but if you want Great Service at an acceptable price , stay here. { an acceptable alternative at a similar price/location - see The Park Lane. I find the service/professionalism not as good but the rooms larger }

