not sure what exactly to expect out of The Fleming , I was pleasantly surprised by the attention to detail service of the hotel. Upscale amenities bathrobe , full set of toiletries - including hair conditioner ! come with the room. The promotional rate includes breakfast and all-inclusive mini-bar. Another added bonus is the location , which is within walking distance to the Hong Kong Convention. The privacy afforded by the hotel was also a pleasant surprise , given its central location .

just returned from a quick business trip to Hong Kong........Fleming Hotel was booked and paid for by my contacts in Hong Kong so not sure of exact rate but recall I heard it was around USD 90/night as a corporate rate .

the Fleming is a real find in the Wan Chai area. Steps to the Star Ferry as well as all of the Wan Chai nightlife. Small hotel , but clean and well laid out rooms. If you are looking for luxury , this is not your cup of tea. But , if you are looking for a comfortable , clean , and well located hotel at a great value , I would highly recommend The Fleming .

first time in Hong Kong and at first , thought the location was quite far. but realized we were steps from Causeway Bay without all its craziness. also , the subway station was minutes away which is the perfect way to get around HK. boutique style hotel with modern furnishings. small double room , but still nice and clean .

if you are looking for a hotel with a good , central location for less than Â £ 100 per night , you could do a lot worse than stay here. It 's clean and functional , and if you 're not fussy about your hotels , and do n't plan to spend very long in your room , then you 'll be fine. However.... .

stayed at The Fleming for several days in November. I had left The Excelsior because there was a nasty smell in the room I had been given there. Only to discover an equally bad , if not worse , sewage smell in the room I got at The Fleming , which seemed to be coming from the drainage tubes under the bathroom floor. After tolerating the smell for a couple of days , I requested a different room , and for a nominal fee was able to move to a more comfortable room the first room was claustrophobia-inducing ; the new room was had a smaller bathroom , but seemed larger because it was on a higher floor and filled with much more sunlight .

very nice room,overlooking the harbour , very friendly staff , helpfully,very clean,large bathroom,modern , well equipped,5 min. to the ferry,we will be back next time and again

the Fleming Hong Kong is an excellent 4-star hotel in a good location in Wanchai on HK Island . What sets it apart from others are its consistently friendly and efficient staff and smart and functional room furnishings .

we stayed in the Fleming hotel as a stop over in Hong Kong. The area of the hotel central to the main area with some good food options .

i 'm a regular traveller to Hong Kong and over the past decade I 've sampled many , many hotels both on HK Island and in Kowloon .

small hotel with clean and modern rooms. Staff very helpful. I would rate the hotel as a solid four stars. I enjoyed the fact that the hotel was small so getting from the lobby to your room did not take long no waiting for elevator or long walk to room . I would stay again .

this is a very comfortable hotel in an excellent location .

this hotel is not easy to find , take something to show the taxi driver if going from the airport ! It 's just by an overpass , and we were on the 3rd floor , and we were not disturbed by noise at all .

good new boutique style place on the junction of Fleming and Jaffe Roads. Close to the Convention Centre business district and the Star Ferry as well as Wanchai night life. Rooms are well furnished and equipped with sitting and kitchen area - more like a mini-suite .

the Fleming is a small boutique hotel jammed in beside a busy road in a very small space. However , the rooms -- albeit a bit small -- are very sensibly laid out. There is no traffic noise even though an elevated part of Fleming Road is very close. However , there is one big noise problem : for some reason the hotel has two elevators side by side -- one for odd numbers , the other for even. Our first room had unbearable noise from an elevator. We complained. The staff -- very congenial and obliging -- changed our room to one farther from the elevator -- even though the hotel seemed to be full. We were there for four nights. The new room was quite quiet. The breakfast room requires going outside and going into the breakfast room through another door -- tricky in a heavy rain. The breakfast is a bit &quot ; continental&quot ; rather than Chinese i.e. , less ample , less filling . But the staff were very kind and considerate -- and that made up for the various inconveniences .

the Fleming has all the ingredients for the ideal smaller hotel stay in Hong Kong. The location is great for those who prefer to experience 'local ' Hong Kong markets and eateries and the limited number of rooms gives the hotel an intimate , almost cosy feel .

the Fleming is a perfect example of a small , quiet hotel , well-located if you wish to stay on the island , especially near the HK Convention Center , which is a block away. The Wanchai metro station is 5 min. walk ; the ferry to Kowloon is 5 min. in the other direction. The area is very safe for night walking to &amp ; from these portals , most of which is on the elevated promenades of modern Hong Kong .

clean service was good , they gave honest advice .

i stayed here twice in June 07. It is located within a few hundred metres of the convention centre , wanchai pier and on the corner of Jaffe Road and Fleming Rd Overpass .

we stayed at the Fleming during the Hong Kong Sevens - mainly because it looked nice and the price was damn good most hotels double their rates during the Sevens period .

my husband and I stayed in Fleming Hotel during Christmas in 2006. We love this hotel !

i spent a week at The Fleming in Nov. 07 , and I am full of praise. The decor is fantastic - very modern , chic and minimalistic. Consult their website - everything you see there is for real. The Deluxe Double Room I stayed in was large by any standards , but huge for Hong Kong with big windows , ample storage space , a plasma TV , internet access and even a little kitchenette. The bathroom was on the tiny side no tub , fittings , however , are very modern , and I found it fully sufficient and always sparkling clean. It is true , the stylish breakfast area is small , yet as mentioned below it was never crowded when I ate there. The hotel does not have a pool , which did not bother me in November the weather was too cold for swimming anyhow , and guests can use a gym that is located just round the corner. Service whenever I needed it was good. The staff did their best to be accommodating. The location of the hotel is fabulous - smack in the middle of Wanchai with lots of restaurants , shops etc. and - contrary to tourist-trap Tsim Sha Tsui - a real &quot ; Chinese feel&quot ; about it. Public transport MTR , buses , trams is in short walking distance. It was pure bliss coming back to the hotel , a haven in manic Hong Kong , after a &quot ; hard&quot ; day of shopping. In a nutshell : The Fleming is a superb 4 * urban hotel suitable for tourists and business travellers alike. When I go back to Hong Kong - which I definitely will - I will not look any further , I will head straight to The Fleming .

my husband and I stayed in the Fleming hotel for 3 nights in January 2007. We thought the hotel was great. It was uber-trendy and minimalist in design , but our room was large especially the bathroom and comfortable. The room also had a huge bed , big flat-screen TV , and basic kitchen facilities too .

my hubby and I stayed in 3 different hotels in HK Island to spend our pre-Christmas vacations together. To our surprise , Fleming has the most spacious room at a reasonable price. The room gave a warm and homely atmosphere. All staff were friendly and helpful. GREAT LOCATION TOO. To sum up , we look forward for our next stay in Fleming again. NO REGRETS .

