the Four Season Hong Kong is an excellent hotel in many ways. The service is exemplary and the rooms are pleasant , if not quite as comfortable as I expected. The design is a bit off , and there is only 1 comfortable chair which is completely crammed into the end of the room it barely fits ; a very odd design mistake. The closets are right next to the bed which is not a good flow. The bathroom is cool with neat mood lighting and a rain shower head. Somehow the room is just missing &quot ; something&quot ;

everything about this hotel was fantastic - from the service , the amenities , the location , to the overall ambience. One of my favorite urban hotels in the world. Absolutely fantastic .

we have recently stayed at the Four Seasons Hong Kong. Its a fabulous hotel. The location is really good and if you have a harbour view room the view is amazing. This is the Four Seaons at its best. The concierge was very helpful and knowledgeable. The rooms are spacious with all of the small touches that really make a hotel- an umbrella in the room , TV at the end of the bath - with a cushion for your head ! , fruit &amp ; water for free. Even if the weather is not good make sure you visit the outdoor pool , which is heated , and the hot tub. The views of Kowloon from there are wonderful. I would have no qualms about recommending this hotel .

have stayed at many different hotels in Hong Kong over the years , but Four Seasons is definitely the best. The service is perfect and the location unbeatable right on top of the Airport Express station and as part of the IFC shopping mall. Only problem is the price which is high but at least you feel that you get full value for your money !

i have travelled to Hong Kong many times over the last 15 years , mainly alone on business. I had heard about all the great hotels in Hong Kong and thought that I might never see a nicer hotel than the Mandarin Oriental. Until this summer when by a quirk of fate , I ended up staying in a 2 BR suite at the Four Seasons. Oh , my God ! First , the view of the harbor is the view that the Mandarin used to have , before the reclamation projects placed new land between that hotel and the harbor. We were mesmerised at times , watching all of the action in the harbor , from the massive cruise boats to the little 'shoe boats ' that clean up flotsam and jetsam .

we stayed for five nights in an executive suite plus a harbour view room connecting , including executive facilities. The executive facilities are excellent and very good value - in fact there is no NEED to eat or drink anywhere else unless you just want to - and there are huge numbers of restaurants and bars to choose from ! ! The adjacent IFC mall to the hotel is very western and impressive , like several other malls on Hong Kong Island and at Harbour City in Kowloon. Overall though Kowloon is much more Chinese and has a real buzz , but is not a place to relax - which is where the Four Seasons spa and pool come in - they are the best in the City and never seemingly very busy. I enjoyed Kowloon immensely but the Children were not so sure. The only problem with the 4S was that the pool was shut for maintenance most days we were there - and although I know this has to be done I was disappointed that we were not told on booking , or even when we checked in. They made a good stab at an alternative by providing access to a pool on the roof of an adjacent residential block , but it was not so idyllic as their main pool. Also a bit disapppointing our 13 year old was not allowed in the spa - 16 year minimum age is strictly applied .

the only place to stay in Hong Kong. The service was top-notch , as was the dining. The location is within minutes of the best sites in Hong Kong. Highly recommend to all my friends and family !

impeccable service , tasteful rooms with high ceilings , a good location and the absence of fake luxury made the two nights at the Four Season 's a year 's favorite. And , to my personal taste : An superb a la carte first class breakfast in a club environment is better than the best hotel buffet can be. Amazing stay !

this hotel certainly met or exceeded all of our expectations. The facilities are top notch with service to match. We were upgraded to a harbour view suite and it was both luxurious and spacious. The location , so conveniently attached to the Mall , made shopping a breeze , even without subjecting oneself to the hot and humid weather. If it 's in your budget , this is the place to stay. One caveat though ; if you are a leisure traveler and strictly on holiday , a hotel on the Kowloon side might be preferable , as the view of the breathtaking skyline is so much more magnificent from that side of the harbour think The Peninsula or The Intercontinental .

there 's not another city in the world that can match the quality of Hong Kong 's hotels and the Four Season sits at the very top of the pile. A two-day stay was enough to convince me that this is one of the best-run hotels in the world. I chose not to utilise the airport 'meet &amp ; greet ' service , preferring to jump on the train and walk to the hotel , an easy 7 min trot through the IFC mall from the HKG express station. A seamless and ultra-efficient check-in had me ensconced in a gorgeous harbour view deluxe room - a light filled and spacious abode of such luxury and comfort I could have moved in forever. The room 's fixtures and fittings were of exceptionally high quality , especially the sprawling , double-sinked bathroom clad in the most beautiful marble. And the bed was supremely comfortable. Rooms do n't make a hotel though , and this case it was the service that exceeded all expectations. From the reception desk , to the Concierge , the bars and restaurants , every staff member addressed me by name and always with the most generous and genuine smile. Attention to detail was extraordinary , highlighted during a delicious a la carte breakfast in the Lounge Restaurant off the lobby - my teapot was placed at my table and the handle was subtly turned toward me to make it easy to pick up .

i stayed at FS for 2 nights during my short visit to Hong Kong. Before my trip , I was deciding on either mandarin Oriental or Intercontinental. I ended up in FS because of a special promotion .

stayed 4 nights in Deluxe harbor view room at 42 nd floor. Great room , magnificent pool , and good looking client Ã ¨ le.perfect gym for fitness fanatics. Did n't have time to check the restaurants since I 'd rather eat outside the hotels I stay in. To my point of view better option than Peninsula which look a little outdated compared to FS .

this is one of the more beautiful hotels I 've stayed in .

the Four Seasons is the best hotel in Hong Kong in every way. It is a relatively new hotel in the best possible location. They have a Michelin two and a Michelin three star restaurant and the service is exceptional. The Peninsula is great with all of its history and the view - but it is in Kowloon. The Four Seasons is in Central and it is attached to the IFC which is very convenient. Also , this is the best pool in Hong Kong with an incredible view of he harbor and you look up at the tallest building in Hong Kong. It is expensive and I have yet to find any steep discounts like those offered by some of the other hotels in Hong Kong during this economic downturn - but if you can afford this hotel - it is worth every penny .

we stayed here a long weekend as the final part of our Bali &amp ; Hong Kong trip with our four teenage kids .

first time to HK and as usual , my overall expectations are met with Four Seasons. Nevertheless , I â € ™ ll try to detail the pros and cons with Four Seasons HK .

i had previously always chosen the JW Marriott whenever I came to Hong Kong. This time I stayed at the Four Seasons which is more expensive and deservedly so. The service was absolutely top class and a league above the other 5 * hotels in Hong Kong. Rooms were spacious and clean and the bathroom was heavenly and clean enough by standards which is saying a lot . Location is very good too , with it being connected to Four Seasons .

i always stay at this hotel on business. So I never pay by myself .

stayed a the Four Seasons while on a 1-night stopover in Hong Kong. The Four Seasons is connected to the IFC mall , which has a direct rail link to the airport. You can even check-in you bags at the rail station .

we stayed with friends in Hong Kong for a few nights then moved to the Four Seasons which was FANTASTIC .

love it. Was amazing. Views spectacular , service excellent , right next to a fantastic shopping centre , just fabulous. Only criticism are minor and the are :

this hotel is in one word FANTASTIC. We stayed here for 4 days,....we initially booked a Deluxe Peak view room but where lucky and received a upgrade to Harbour view. The view on our room was really unbelievable. The amenities like the toiletries L'Octaine and the complimentary water Fiji are totally aligned with the rest and are in one word fabulous. It is a luxury and almost felt like a privilege that we have experienced this Hotel. The location is great and a Walhalla for the shopaholic,....this because the IFC mall with all designer brands are located just be need the hotel. The outside pool is stunning and the pool staff is treating you as royalty. I just ca n't find any word of complain,.... .

the Four Seasons in Hong Kong is my new favourite city hotel in the world , and this hotel shows the rest how it should be done. My family and I had 2 rooms for 5 nights here in July. We have stayed at many , many great hotels around the world but the level of service here is the very best. The staff are highly professional and very friendly , and they do their jobs better than at any other hotel I have ever stayed at. The concierge staff are highly knowledgeable. The check-in staff are efficient and welcoming we were checked-in in a few minutes and were upgraded to a harbour view room on a high floor without even asking . Waiters and pool staff are attentive without crowding your personal space. What puts this hotel in a league of its own is the fact that no detail has been overlooked. The beautiful pool and spa area is one of the best in the world. The infinity pool overlooking HK harbour has relaxing classical or jazz music piped into it underwater so you can relax while floating in the pool. There are a number of other pools to choose from - each with a different temperature for fussy guests. The level of service extends to all staff we encountered. Even the porter/bell boys asked if we had remembered to bring our passports when we left on a day trip to Macau. Unlike many other luxury hotels , the staff here are never &quot ; in your face&quot ; but go about their business in a very subtle and understated way. The rooms are large and ultra comfortable with large fully equipped bathrooms and luxurious amenities. Unlike many 5-star hotels these days , a daily newspaper in the morning comes as standard with your room. Water and fruit is replenished daily. The hotel is ideally located by the IFC mall , with excellent shops , restaurants , supermarket , downtown airline check-in , MTR trains , and ferry terminals all a few minutes walk away. If I had to complain about anything , the business centre at this hotel can be configured better. There are three internet terminals crammed into a small-ish area , offering no privacy to the computer users. This is an odd oversight considering how perfect everything else is at the hotel. All in all , a great first experience at the best hotel in the world. I will be back .

what a BEAUTIFUL hotel. The rooms are amazing. May be the best hotel we 've stayed in. OH , but if you get a massage , the people down at the pool CAN see in the windows. ;

for a new property , built on reclaimed land on the ever shrinking harbour , it has quickly become one of the best hotels in the SAR. It has achieved this because it has n't compromised on the one thing that is a premium in HK : space. Everything is spacious , rooms with their high ceilings and expansive bathrooms , the restaurants lack the shut-in feel of most HK establishments and the pool area is as good as anything on the French Riveira .

i spent three nights at the Four Seasons Hong Kong on business and I found it to be one of the best hotels I â € ™ ve ever had the pleasure to stay in. The hotel had a representative meet me as I was departing the airplane. I received a golf cart ride through the airport to pick-up my luggage and was expedited through customs. The hotel sent a car to pick me up and I was able to bypass the reception deck upon arrival and register in my room. The Four Season â € ™ s staff made the trip from the airport as efficient and pleasant as possible .

we had our wedding here on 12/31/2008 , and stayed for two nights at the suite. i can not say enough nice things abt the svc here. perhaps bc of our wedding , they really bent over backwards to accommodate us .

we stayed 3 nights in Hong Kong at the Four Seasons. We had booked an Executive suite which was spacious and perfect for our stay. The rooms where harbor side with a great view of the busy harbor. We arrived very early in the morning coming with the red eye from Sydney. The room was ready , and a light breakfast was waiting for us in the room .

hands down , this is one of the best hotels I have even been to - ever. This can always change , of course , but the time we spent here was fantastic. We were upgraded to a series of rooms that were like a penthouse apartment , with Hong Kong harbour spread out below us , and a stunning view of Kowloon on the other side .

stay at this property for 7 nights in March 09 in a harbour facing deluxe room. It was fantastic ! Best and most consistent service throughout our stay , excellent pools one warm and one cool - each over 20 meters long , great spa lots of options with good reasonable pricing , worth the stars for the Chinese restaurant food is truly worth the experience and not as much as you expected ! , and overall good ambiance and deco .

we had the luxury to stay in a harbour-view suite for 2 nights - the view was too amazing to express. As expected from the Four Seasons name , everything in the room was perfect. I wo n't go into details about it , everything you want , they have. I would like to comment on their service. The service at this hotel was the BEST I have ever received. We were always greeted by the hotel staff. When we ate at the wrong restaurant for our free breakfast , the hotel check-out staff were so nice to waive our charge. If I have the money , I would stay here again. Once you go Four Seasons , you really ca n't go back .

we stayed at the hotel for 3 nights at the start of our honeymoon. To be short this hotel is simply amazing .

four Seasons Place Hong Kong is one of the best long staying hotels in Hong Kong .

we have stayed in many of the worlds top hotels and this would easily muscle into my top 5. The most awesome views - do n't bother staying here unless you have a harbour view. Service is spectacularly good , Spa is excellent , roof top pool fab. Join the exec club for not much extra and get free drinks including champagne in a private setting on the top floor and free breakfast - ends up being much cheaper than just a couple of breakfast .

excellent hotel located beside the best shopping and only a 10 minute walk from some of the best tourist attractions. The breakfast is expensive but worth it. The swimming pools are amazing - roof top at 6th floor level with amazing views and underwater music ! Amazing chinese restaurant and great bar

my husband and I recently stayed at the Four Seasons for five days on a business [ - ] holiday trip to Hong Kong. It was our second stay having last been there in 2006 when the hotel had just opened.The kinks in service which we noticed in 2006 have now been ironed out and the service is faultless. Great hotels like fine wine get better with time and the Four Seasons is definitely ageing well. We would like to commend the staff at the Four Seasons for making our stay a fantastic one .

agree totally with the previous reviewer from New Jersey that this is truly a first class property. Also the criticism of the lobby lounge I fully endorse , as it is a bit characterless and bland. I paid for breakfast at this lounge and it was very ordinary for what they charge .

we spent 4 night at the FSHK. According to my friends in HK this is regarded as the best hotel in town. I agree

this hotel is why I am a Four Seasons Fan ! It is one of the most impressive city hotels that I have ever stayed in - incredible. Where do I start ?

having stayed at the hotel for 8 days , i could say i know this hotel very well !

the Four Seasons is a personal favourite of mine. Every Hotel of this incredibly efficient hotel group provides their customers with a lovely experience that always leaves me leaving refreshed and relaxed. Having stayed at The Four Seasons in Beverly Hills and Sharm El Sheik THE BEST , this Hotel Group has been consistently brilliant .

we got engaged during our 2 night stay at the Four Seasons for New Years 2009 and every moment was complete perfection ! This hotel -- its rooms , restaurants , spa , gym , pool -- is a heavenly oasis in a busy , crowded , bustling city. Our room on the 35th floor had a beautiful harbor view and the hotel management clearly pays attention to every detail , from the setup of the rooms to the service. Because the hotel management knew that this was our engagement stay , they placed a bottle of chilled champagne in our room for our arrival and then followed by delivering a miniature wedding cake and box of chocolates. They also prepared a special bath for us with fragrant oils and rose petals .

four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong is one of the best hotels I 've stayed at. Everything about the hotel is 5 stars - the restaurants , the bar , exercise room , pool with a view of the harbor , service , location and the rooms and suites. Book rooms with a harbor view. The view is incredible. Conveniently located in the Central District so lots of shopping , restaurants. Easy to walk everywhere .

i have only positive things to say about that Four Seasons. Every detailed was perfect , the views were stunning and rooms as spacious as one can imagine. Clever details in the room make this a perfect stop in Hong Kong .

stayed here for five days in October , for a work conference .

great location only IC maybe better on the waterfront , connected to the IFC luxe mall , walking distance to Star Ferry , easy and cheap cab ride to peak tram , and close to nightlife. Wow ! The hotel design/decor is spectacular. Jaw-dropping view from premier harbor view room # 3701 as near to a corner room as you can get in an arc-shapped hotel. Restaurant service spot-on , concierge and front desk always available , and housekeeping respected my privacy. And even if you are not a spa person , you MUST take a look at this facility. State of the art and comfort in every way. Ca n't imagine staying anywhere else .

my husband was in Hong Kong for business and I went with him. We stayed there for 3 very frustrating week .

just spent 7 nights in this amazing Hotel. We had booked a Hatbour View Executive floor room but we were upgraded to the most amazing suite of almost 1500 square feet. It had 2 large LCD TV 's plus one in the bathroom. A steam room in the shower , a separate fully equipped kitchen and a huge living room/dining area - i have not experienced anything quite like it .

expect the usual luxury - everything one might want or need. Speciality soap and lotions in the bathroom , fabulous food in the restaurants , spa , pool , views , a very convenient mall right under the hotel , close ferries... But also expect to pay for it. Not sure if this is worth paying out of pocket , but when on a business trip... : -

what can I say , everything you expect from a Four Seasons hotel - comfortable , modern room ; great service ; huge place ; and the fantastic pool area was probably the highlight of the hotel. Difficult to find any negatives to be honest as everything was excellent , but i suppose with such a big place its not very cosy. Best hotel I 've stayed in in Hong Kong .

our stay at the Four Seasons simply flowed from check in .

we stayed eight nights at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong....We could have stayed there another month !

the Four Seasons Hong Kong is located in the city â € ™ s business district and is conveniently connected to an the indoor mall IFC . The Finance district is virtually connected to the hotel. I was able to walk to the Hang Seng stock exchange through the nicely air conditioned indoor mall and corridors in a few minutes. The Hong Kong Central MTR station is about two blocks away and so is the Star Ferry Pier should you want to catch a Ferry to Kowloon or even Macau. In general , the location is second to none especially for business travelers. If you fancy shopping then there are several high end shops Harvey Nichols , Marks &amp ; Spencer five minutes away by cab on nearby Queens Road. Cross into Kowloon and there are numerous brand name boutiques Burberry , Prada , Harry Winston , Versace , Gucci , etc.. on Nathan Road and Canton Road .

service was perfect...Room corner suite and view Hong Harbor incredible. Meals exceptional. Restaurants...wow....and the pool...well , it too is unbelievable. I do n't have enough superlatives .

i think I can make this relatively brief because there are no words to describe the experience this hotel provides. They go above and beyond every other hotel we have stayed at in the Four Seasons chain 16 and we obviously love the chain. I considered staying at the Peninsula and visited and was very happy with the 4S choice. I liked the location much better , much fresher , and cleaner. You are attached to a very upscale mall , the airport express and all transportation options are steps away. Caprice was amazing and the staff went above and beyond all expectations. The spa is an experience not to be missed with treatment rooms overlooking the harbor. We had a 38th floor corner suite with harbour views , even from the tub. It was hard to leave for dinner when we went back to change , it was so beautiful. Hong Kong is a gorgeous city with so much to do. We slept with our curtains open b/c it was so beautiful at night and we were so excited to get up and explore every day. I dream of returning .

we stayed at the Four Seasons for 2 nights en route from London to Perth. We were quite nervous about travelling with our 7 month old son for the first time and about how we would be received with a baby in an upmarket hotel. We need n't have worried ! The staff at the Four Seasons were amazing and made our stay absolutely wonderful. The cot that was provided for our baby came complete with blue bumpers as he is a boy , a baby bath with complimentary Johnson 's baby toiletries , nappies in the correct size and even a toy for him to play with. The staff were so welcoming and made such a fuss over our son. Our room was beautiful , we were upgraded to a Harbour View room which was fantastic and we ate in the Lounge both evenings and were warmly welcomed - the staff remembered our names from the first night and were fantastic with our son. Everything about this hotel was amazing , I would recommend it to everyone ! The location is perfect , the concierge were very knowledgable and so helpful , the rooms are beautiful and every detail has been thought of. I ca n't wait to go back !

we are seasoned travellers , fortunate to be able to experience high end standards and can be considered high maintenance .

it 's my third time to stay Four Seasons Hong Kong. Everything is excellent. King size bed with very comfortable bed , marble rest room with L'Occitane line products and pool &amp ; jacuzzi with Victoria harbor view .

my partner and I have wanted to stay at the FS Hong Kong ever since it opened. We made a special effort to modify our trip just to stay here. I do not have a great deal to add since there have been so many reviews , but I can say it is an exceptional hotel in many ways. When you enter the hotel , you are greeted by an army of employees who all move with precision. The lobby is rather understated and unimpressive yet there are even more employees there to address any need you may have. We stayed in a corner executive suite. It was tastefully decorated , well laid out and very impressive. The view of the harbor is magnificent. The pool area was as beautiful as the pictures on the website appear. The most enjoyable part of the hotel was having access to the executive lounge. The complimentary breakfast was not large but had great service and food that was superb. We ate at the Chinese restaurant in the hotel and found the service to be once again very efficient and the food was excellent. The attached mall is very upscale and convenient .

we stayed in one of the deluxe suites at this hotel for one night. The room was massive - dining area , sitting area , bedroom , bathroom and kitchen altogether must have been well over 800 sq.ft .

the four seasons is everything the other reviewers say and more. a great hotel in a great location with impeccable amenities and lovely facilities. the rooms are beyond reproach in terms of space and taste although if you are used to international luxury this is what many people nowadays expect .

i have stayed at the Four Seasons a few times and everytime the experience has been just GREAT. Service is impeccable , the rooms are spacious , modern and the bathrooms are the best i 've ever seen at a hotel. Try and get a harbour view room if you can .

we loved this hotel. Only premier deluxe rooms available when we booked but I think any room here would have been great. It is well worth paying the extra for the executive level access. The pool , spa and gym were fantastic. The restaurant Caprice was also beautiful , and the staff were terrific. The MTR airport express is below the IFC. Will not stay anywhere else in HK now .

my husband and i stayed here in october so i know i am a little late in my review. the hotel was absolutely beautiful , the rooms were soo great and the bathrooms were filled with marble/granite from top to bottom , by far the best hotel bathroom i have ever seen. the room service was good but there were times i just wanted regular food , and for us thats american. we ate at the restaurant in the hotel lobby and it was very good. one thing was that no matter where you ate , the portions were so small and very expensive. we are from los angeles/orange county and are used to high priced meals which we dont have a problem paying but hong kong is like on another level !

this hotel is just amazing , the staff are fantastic and the rooms gorgeous. Stay here !

the Four Seasons Hong Kong is without a doubt one the top hotels in Hong Kong and in the world. You simply can not go wrong .

possibly one of the best hotels in the world.. .

comparison : FS has great harbor view. Rooms are not as spacious as Mandarin Oriental Landmark â € ™ s. Services were top notched , better than all the counterparts in the US. The spa and the treatment room were very nice and the masseurs were highly skilled. Pool area and the gym were worth a visit. Didn â € ™ t like the dim sum at FS â € ™ s Chinese restaurant , mediocre food and didn â € ™ t have a good variety. For Chinese food , go to Lei Garden in the nearby IFC mall , expensive but good .

i can not recommend this hotel enough. The hotel itself is stunning , with beautiful , well-equipped and modern rooms. It has a great location , next to the IFC , with shops and transport very close by. Service was very efficient throughout my 3 day stay and the gym and spa facilities were excellent. Food in the Lounge and Chinese restaurant was also excellent .

stayed for one night en route to cambodia. room was great , spa excellent and all the usual effeciences of a four seasons .

well it started from the moment we walked off the plane .. we were greeted at the gate and whisked away in a golf buggy straight to passport control.. A MUST do. It took us about 7 mins by buggy so it would be a long walk. You have to organise to be collected this way and it is soooooo worth the extra $ $

this is one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. A beautiful new hotel building , wonderful one bedroom suite , stunning views from our room and the VIP lounge , and excellent service .

great great hotel. We only stayed 2 nights and that was not enough. Hotel is spectacular , rooms are wonderful with a view of Victoria Harbor. Spend the extra money and stay at the executive club. Breakfast is included , afternoon snacks , and a view that is incredible. Hotel is all about service. From the moment you arrive in Hong Kong airport you are met by a Four Seasons employer who is holding your name and the next thing we knew he was whisking us through customs and directly to a chauffered car outside. Same for when you leave. They took us to the train station , which was a 5 minute ride from the hotel , we checked in with our passports/boarding passes - we were walked onto the train and 35 minutes later we were at Hong Kong airport .

when we were planing a stop over for 3 nights on the way home from NZ it was toss up between the Four Seasons &amp ; the Peninsular. and wow we made the right choice. The hotel room was wonderful with a breath taking view of Victoria Harbour the room was a executive harbour view room we decided to stay at the executive club and what a treat it was I would strongly reccomend to anyone looking for that special touch to book a room with executive club access the club lounge over looks Victoria harbour and the light show is a spectacle every evening. The additional cost of the executive club gives you access to fullBreakfast , snacks , drinks ,all day alcohol from 11am to 1am afternoon tea and light dinner snacks the choice of food and drinks are amazing and are truly unlimited the service throughout the hotel is impecable. We have stayed at the Peninsular Bejing and thought that was good , but the Four Seasons puts it to shame. Fantastic location , very well trained staff to pamper your every whim. A Truly Amazing Experience

if there were a heaven on earth , the Four Seasons Hong Kong tries to replicate it , with a combination of excellent d Ã © cor , impeccable service , wonderful food and facilities in the heart of one of the world 's most exciting cities. Hong Kong has great hotels , but this is one of the few hotels in the world where I would actually like to LIVE. A friend does indeed live there , and she loves it. And what 's not to love ? I arrived after a long flite from Europe to be the only one on the plane to be greeted by a person holding my name and a cart directly outside the plane , whisking me off through customs and directly to the luggage belt. As soon as I was picked up , I did n't even see another of my flight companions again , I was taken directly to my chauffered car outside and whisked to the hotel , where the wonderful front desk service took me to my room for check in where I had the best view of Hong Kong 's night-time panorama. Never in my life have I experienced such excellent service , particularly welcome after a long flight the Mandarin is similar , but chauffers appear only after you exit airport customs carrying your own luggage . The room had been redecorated , and superbly. I had a more classic , modern room which is precisely to my taste. The hotel is just a bridge through a great mall to the centre of the city and my office. However , I loved the short distance which allowed me to unwind after the intensity that is Hong Kong. Loved the state of the art gym and spa. I have travelled , it seems , nearly everywhere but this is one of my two favourite hotel properties on the planet. The other is the George V in Paris. Highly recommended .

we stayed at the Four Seasons HK for 3 nights on our way back to London after 2 + weeks in Australia. it was wonderful .

wonderful stay over new year 's holiday. A few thoughts : The harbor view is magnificent , but the city view is equally stunning. Drinks are extraordinarily expensive in Hong Kong , but the executive lounge pours complimentary drinks and high quality champagne virtually all day and that , alone , makes booking the executive floor worthwhile. The breakfast buffet in the executive lounge is also wonderful , although not as opulent as the one at Cafe Too at the Island Shangri-La few things are . The hotel spa is perhaps the best I 've visited anywhere. Sky bridges connect the hotel to the Central district and the new Star Ferry is moments away via walkways. Staff was wonderfully helpful and gracious. This has become one of my favorite hotels in the world .

this has to be the best city hotel in the world .

great hotel for Central and the IFC complex .

we stayed at this hotel a few years ago when it first opened .

if you want the ultimate in service or are considering the Peninsula , you should really , very seriously consider staying at the Four Seasons. When I was planning my visit to Hong Kong , I polled a number of seasoned HK veterans , and across the board everyone said 1 stay in Kowloon for the view , and 2 stay in the Peninsula or Intercontinental. Against my instinct , I did neither and booked a Four Seasons room with a Harbour View. Granted , it is looking at Kowloon instead of at HK , but frankly if you care about having a luxury Hong Kong experience , the view is such a small piece of the equation. With an unobstructed view of the harbor , I spent many a moment watching all the ships and dinghies roar by each other and gazing at the Kowloon skyline. We did go to Kowloon to visit , and it is filthy and crowded , and although the Star Ferry is a great experience , I am glad I did not have to do it more than twice. The Four Seasons has a fantastic location next to the IFC mall. If you walk by the private residence entrance , there is an escalator that takes you directly into the mall , and just right inside is a gourmet supermarket which we found delightful and really handy. If you take the other IFC entrance via the walkways , you can take the overhead pedestrian routes to more shopping areas. Basically if you do n't like shopping , you might want to reconsider a trip to HK , as I have never seen so many malls and luxury stores in one city. Tons of shops , genuinely friendly service , no sales tax , and designer stores that go on sale-- HK is truly the shopper 's paradise .

four Seasons , the name itself evokes a sense of assurance that the hotel would be clean , comfortable and classy. And all that is true with the Four Seasons HK as well. From the service to the bathroom , everything is all in order. The room also boasts a view of the ocean , but it 's not as great as it sounds cause HK 's air is a bit smoggy .

this hotel is a true 5 star PLUS and is well representative of the Four Seasons chain .

i just got back from a week on business and stayed at the four seasons .

the Four Seasons Hong Kong is part of the ifc which also includes a mall with a large selection of shops and restaurants and several office buildings. The airport express and the metro station Central are directly connected to the ifc. The shopping areas of Central and a large number of bars and pubs in Lan Kwai Fong and Soho are within easy walking distance .

this is about as good as a city hotel can get. The rooms are very spacious with amenities such as a a large flat-screen TV and a flat-screen TV in the bathroom , very nicely furninshed etc , etc. I can not find a single thing to complain about .

it 's one of the newest hotels in Hong Kong and it did not fail to impress me. The rooms are generously sized , ipod docking station , and L'Ocitanne amenities. I 've stayed at Island Shangri-la as well and Four Seasons is now a tough competitor. Specially since the rooms are much more of the modern and contemporary style. Service was impeccable and food was great ! Only down side is that the bar closes too early for my liking :

this was the first and last hotel my boyfriend and I stayed during our two week trip throughout Asia and both times were truly wonderful. Helpful , friendly staff that speak excellent English. The hotel location was also great , near the pier and easy to get to from HK airport. The bar on the second floor was lovely for a late night drink , although the room service was not all that great. Overall , very pleasant visit and we certainly would go back .

we booked a $ 750USD Tax/service charges included Deluxe Harbour View with Club Access. At this price you expect perfection , what we received was close but not quite .

i normally don â € ™ t write letters after my stay at hotels but thought I should express my appreciation of this property and the guest experience I had

in 2006 , 25.25 million visitors visited Hong Kong , showing 8.1 % increasing from a previous year and bring a total of HK $ 117.3 billion to the country economy .

i was sent to Hong Kong for business , and my company put me up at the Four Seasons Honk Kong. I was here for 7days. I took the train from the airport to Hong Kong Central. There was a hotel driver waiting at the train station for people headed to the Four Seasons. The hotel is basically across the street , but since it was my first time , I 'm glad that the driver was there. The hotel van was a very nice Mercedes black van , got a bottle of water from the driver. I would have definitely gotten lost trying to find my way to the hotel from the train station with my suitcases. Bellhop took the suitcases , while I went to check in. The check-in staff was very friendly , they spoke great English. After check-in the lady who checked me in , took me up to my room , and gave me a tour of the room. The room was amazing , very large and comfortable. I was fortunate to have the Deluxe Harbour View Room. Great views of the Harbour and Kowloon. Bellhop arrived promptly with my suitcases. The desk area was very big , the only downside was that you had to pay for internet access. It was about $ 20 USD $ 160 HKD a day for internet access. The room had a mini bar , but I was able to keep a couple of bottles of water and soda in there to keep them cool , as I did not want to pay for the overpiced mini bar items. The room comes with a flat panel 42&quot ; LCD , and DVD player. There is also a smaller LCD in the bathroom. Did n't watch much TV while I was there. You can get to the IFC mall via the hotel lobby by walking past the Blue Bar and taking the escalators upstairs. From the IFC mall you can grab the MTR or the Airport Express train. There are several place to eat in the mall as well as a Starbucks. The hotel restuarants have a business casual dress code. My room came with complimentary breakfast , so you could eat at either restaurant for breakfast. The food was delicious and the service was great. I did n't get a chance to check out the gym or the roof pool , as there was so much to see and do in Hong Kong. The hotel is very expensive and well worth it , not sure if I would have paid for it out of pocket though. Luckily it was all paid for my company. Overall a great stay and a great hotel .

we stayed at this hotel over new year and were absolutely amazed by the room , ambiance and service. This is yet another example of Four Seasons delivering on high quality !

this was our second stay at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong , but hopefully not our last. Great sized rooms , very attentive staff , food in the bars and restaurants was great , pool is beautiful , the day spa is wonderful. Yes , it 's expensive , but absolutely well worth it for a few days of luxury. I was delighted that the hotel gave me a birthday cake as it was my birthday while we were there .

this is yet another great Four Seasons hotel that exceeds expectations in many ways. I was in Hong Kong and Singapore in June , and I was lucky enough to stay at this hotel while attending a conference. Thank you to all the staff for looking after me and my wife so well .

what can I say. This is one of the best hotels I 've ever stayed at .

i booked a club harbour view room at the Four Seasons for a weekend getaway after a tiring business trip in Shanghai .

we have stayed in many five star properties , including several Four Seasons properties and this was perhaps the best hotel experience we have ever had. Our stay was flawless .

i attended a conference here last week , and despite it being way beyond my corporate budget , was able to stay here .

stayed here on business for 8 nights in Feb 2007. This hotel is in a fantastic location , right next to the IFC mall , near the escalators to the mid-levels , and next to the Star Ferry and hydrofoil to Macau. It is not a very touristy hotel , it caters mostly to business travelers .

we absolutely adored our three nights at the Four Seasons Hong Kong. After spending two weeks on the mainland , walking into the white marble lobby was like entering heaven .

i love the 4 seasons chain so I have become used to great facilities and service which this also has...but heres the rest

the Hong Kong Four Seasons is huge , but its location is excellent. You are near the business district and shopping and it is connected to the nicest upscale mall in Hong Kong. We had a suite with a view of the port which was grand and on a high floor. Service was excellent , there were two big screen televisions in each room as well as a tv in the bathroom mirror .

stayed at the Four Seasons for a company conference for a week at the end of March into April. Everyone was very helpful. The main desk showed us the best marketplace for what , let us know what the weather was going to be like when my husband called down each morning . We had to request and iron &amp ; ironing board. It was brought right up. We had lunch , which was very different from our usual , but still very good. Did n't actually try the pool. But we did hit the spa and enjoyed completely. My husband and I both had massages different types , but in the same room . They were fabulous .

i recently stayed at a number of HK hotels - here , LKF , and the Landmark Mandarin - whilst my apartment was being renovated .

a fabulously hotel in many respects - best and very friendly service , tremendously spacious rooms with amazing view , one of the world Â ´ s most beautiful hotel pools , a marvellous spa , finest restaurants .

we stayed at the FS Hng Kong for three nights in July 2006. Overall it was good. They have a very well trained staff and the property is well located but the place is really stuffy. I fhave been to many Four Seasons Properties and feel that this one is aimed directly at the business crowd. Even the vibe in the Blue bar was uptight .

stayed in the Four Seasons HK recently on a stopover. It is part of the ultra-modern IFC complex which includes office towers and a seriously upmarket shopping mall. The whole place looks modern and sleek. The IFC also includes Hong Kong station - with the Airport Express and in-town check-in for air travellers. In a nutshell , the Four Seasons ' location for business travellers and shoppers is just about unbeatable in HK .

my partner and i recently stayed at the FSHK for five nights in a Deluxe Harbour View room. We were very impressed with the service from all staff and found all aspects of this hotel to be of a very high standard. We opted for the limousine service from the airport which is certainly worth doing , we were met off the plane and escorted through baggage and security to the car and our luggage was handled for us .

just came back from a 4 night stay at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong and it 's been one of the best hotel experiences I ever had

just stayed two days and nights at the Four Season Hong Kong. I thought that the Mandarin Hong Kong was already very good , but the Four Season was just perfect. The view from the room was just incredible , the room immaculate in a perfect design. Beautiful bathroom with separate showe cabin and Flat screen tv above the bath tub .

we stayed 3 nights at the end of Feb and thought the hotel was spot on. Staff very helpful , though a little brusque in that Chinese way , room service on time , room beautiful with spectacular views. Excellent large gym , coffee , juice on offer in the mornings. The pool is a real jaw dropper , looking over to Kowloon one way &amp ; to the financial district the other - warm too. Did n't eat at the restaurants , but duck shephards pie from room service was the definition of comfort food. The kitsch over opulent aesthetic of tourist faves like the Peninsular with its camp bell boys and shops does n't really crisp my personal bacon , so it 's great to have somewhere like the 4S as an alternative .

booked ourselves using tripadvisors recommendations .

after staying and dining at all the 5 star hotels in hong kong over the years , i decided its time to check out the new four seasons hotel in hk. i 've heard conflicting comments from friends of mine who have stayed at the property during the past year .

having stayed at the 4 seasons several times including my wedding night ! , this is without doubt my fav hotel in HK. The place is still gleaming , as the hotel only opened in late 2005 .

up top , the thing I regret most is not listening to the recommendations of others to take advantage of the car service from the airport. I could see how taking a car into Hong Kong would have been a far more scenic experience as the Airport Express travels through tunnels most of the time , meaning you ca n't take a peek at the bridges on the way to the island. My reasoning for this is that $ 100US is fairly steep given that an Airport Express ticket is n't even $ 10US. However , my recommendations for any travelers reading this would be to take the car to the Four Seasons and then take the Airport Express back to the airport , given that there 's a very short shuttle directly to the Airport Express Central terminal and that you can check-in for your flight right there my bag was first off in Singapore as a result .

booked hotel through British Airways website &amp ; got really good price for superior room with view over the harbour-worth it just for the view. Room was spacious &amp ; furniture new , as hotel was opened only a year ago. The bathroom was vast , with marble everywhere , walk in shower , huge bath with a TV above. When we arrived at hotel , greeted by army of porters , who quickly unloaded our luggage , which was swiftly delivered to our room , while we checked in. Service was excellent , with staff eager to please.We did not breakfast at hotel , as quite pricey. However , we treated ourselves to afternoon tea in restaurant , which is highly recommended. Concierge services were good-they can recommend &amp ; book local restaurants , trips etc. We took advantage of free transfer to airport check in facilities near to hotel. Recommend taking train to airport-fast &amp ; clean &amp ; much quicker &amp ; cheaper than bus or private transfers. Only niggle was that our ironing pressing order was late in being delivered &amp ; we had to phone for it. It was also expensive. No iron or board in room .

we had asked for the limosine service to collect us from the airport. Outstanding .

terrific hotel. Location , service and food is faultless .

arriving at the Four Seasons Hong Kong after an extended business trip through China was like making it to heaven. World Class service , flawless and quiet rooms with incredible views. The concierge service met my every request promptly and efficiently. The staff at the bar breakfast buffet could not have been more friendly. The restaurant Capirce , while pricey , was a pure French dining experience with the food and service quality meritting the prices. I would happily return over and over again to this wonderful refuge

this hotel has everything going for it - stunning views , unbeatable location , very chic decor and great facilities - except I was left wanting a bit more from the staff. That missing touch of warm and friendly service prevents me from giving it a top score .

we stayed for about 12 days in the peak view room of Four Seasons. Must say that it was a good experience. The Plasma TV in the bathroom was a definitely great , it was amongst the best things in the room .

four Seasons always belong to the upper echelon of the luxury range of hotels , and my past experience staying at Four Seasons has always be great. So I guess my expecations was high when I stayed here for a night at the deluxe harbourview room .

we stayed at the Four Seasons Hong Kong for one night under the Urban Renewal Spa Package. We had just spent 1 month holidaying in Europe and the US , which included stays at hotels including FS in New York and Vegas. Let me say that Four Seasons in Hong Kong is WOW and anyone who complains about its price obviously has never stayed in similar hotels in London , New York or Tokyo. FSHK is a bargain compared to these cities and a whole lot better ! !

as a self proclaimed , highly critical hotel lover , this place was great. I chose the peak view king with an oriental motif on a high floor , and it was spacious , beautifully furnished with spectacular architectural details and abolutely amazing lighting , especially in the bathroom .

a superb hotel that only needs a few more lifts elevators , if you prefer , a few more smiles from its staff but this is Hong Kong , and a few inspired pastry chefs perhaps they could be poached from the Hyatt ? to make it heavenly .

last 17 December , my sister and I flew via CX906 to Hong Kong for a vacation. A black Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong shuttle service was waiting at the Central station in the ifc International Finance Centre mall for hotel guests , like us , who took the AEL Airport Express Line . As soon as we got into the vehicle , the driver gave us Volvic mineral water and a couple of minutes later , we were already in the hotel driveway. Upon arrival , we were immediately greeted by staff who eagerly unloaded our luggage from the mini van and ushered us to the reception desk to check in. After filling out the hotel forms , the key cards for our deluxe harbour view room were handed to us. The process was swift .

a real test of any hotel is what it does to accommodate children. The Four Seasons did n't disappoint .

stayed 5 nights at this faboulus hotel ! Service is in the very top and ambience is nice. Hwever , compared to other hotels in Asia their pricing is exorbitant 500 USD per night for an ordinary room and is simply not worth it .

given the praise that this hotel has been received both in these pages and those of CNTraveller and Travel and Leisure , our expectations we could have let us in for at least a minor disappointment. Instead we had one of the best hotel experiences we have ever had anywhere .

this year alone , have stayed here about 20 nights covering about 9 check-ins I travel from HK to China several times each trip . Even stayed there on my birthday , and they left a lovely chocolate birthday cake in my room , and every hotel person who came to the door maid , turndown service , etc. wished me a happy birthday. Rooms are spectacular w/ view , amenities top-notch via L'Occitane lotion/gel/shampoo , and men 's shaving kit features regular travel size Gilette shaving cream with Gilette razors. Spa is beyond decadent , and pool visually disappears into the bay. Only complaints are over-attentiveness and a slightly sparse business center .

well located above Hong Kong station and close to Central and ferry piers , this is a lovely hotel. Service was wonderful and room immaculate. Massive flat screen TV and great view of harbour. I would n't stay anywhere else .

our experience at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong was excellent all round. The hotel has a great location in the new International Finance Centre IFC , so its easy to access Central and the ferry piers. The building itself is fabulous to look at , and is decorated in a stylish &quot ; minimalist&quot ; way , whilst remaining comfortable and pleasant .

stayed here recently and was pleasantly surprised - good location the train for the airport is literally a few minutes ' walk away , great facilities , nice room , friendly staff , good eating options. The pool/spa is a real winner. Ca n't really add too much that has n't already been posted by others , but if/when I come back to Hong Kong I would definitely consider staying here again .

i have stayed at Four Seasons Hong Kong about 3-4 times , the last being for 5 nights in January 2006. Enough has been said about the plasma TV and dvd player. For a hotel in that vicinity near Central offices and Aiport Express Station , the room is considered large. Mostly wood and large marble slabs , there is a certain luxury feel if you are into this sort of thing. Nice L'occitane toiletries and plush white towels. Shower heads can be alternated between rain and normal. If you get a room facing harbour , you can see the harbour lights in the evening. Gym is new and well-equipped , complete with bottles of mineral water and apples - however , you need to get staff to unlock the shower one floor up in order to be able to use it. For security reasons you need key card to access the lift when going to the rooms and this can be troublesome when you are holding lots of shopping. During one time that I was there , the key card failed more than once but the receptionist was professional enough to accompany me to the room to the 3rd time round. Business centre is small and because of direct aircon air stream , cold. Also , one down side is there is no point accumulation system or affiliation to frequent flyer program in spite of the high rates .

staying at the Four Seasons HK was a huge luxury. The hotel 's location in the International Financial Centre is in the middle of the bustling Central district and at the doorstep of the beloved Star Ferry to Kowloon. My room with a view was impeccable and wonderfully comfortable. Loved the L'Occitane toiletries , the flat-screen TV in the bathroom , and the rain shower .

one of the best pools i have ever been to anywhere with one of the best views as well - spending two afternoons there is one of the most relaxing times we 've had - the rooms are typical four seasons , spacious with a large bathroom - service impecable and hong kong btw is a great city -

what to say about the 4Seasons Hotel ?

having previously stayed at the Island Shangri-la , it was with some trepidation that I booked the Four Seasons as it came on a recommendation and I remained unconvinced that it could better the Shangri-la .

my girlfriend and I were looking forward to another trip to Hong Kong. We normally stay quite happliy on the Kowloon side at the I-C. But , I had heard from friends and read on this site about how spectacular the new 4 Seasons in HK. Normally , we stick with hotels that we have enjoyed , but on this occassion we decided to mix things up a bit and booked a One Bedroom suite with a Harbor View. .

just returned from four season. Booked at the hotel based on previous reviews. I went to hong kong with my 3 kids so I booked a executive suite with a interconnecting delux room-expensive , but view from the 42nd floor made up for the extra cost .

having stayed in some great hotels thanks to recommendations in Tripadvisor , I was n't long in placing this in my personal Top Three. It knocked the Hong Kong Ritz Carlton into touch as far as we were concerned , spending three days in each on our last trip. Both are great hotels - the Ritz wins on friendly service , but the Four Seasons wins on the quality and size of the rooms , the facilities available , the spa and most of all because of the incredible rooftop pool , which must offer the one of the most stunning views in the world. I could have spent the three days there , to be honest ! And the staff are n't that bad either , making those in the majority of British hotels - well , what can you say ? It 's incomparable. I suppose the Four Seasons is a bit big and impersonal , but they try to break this down by offering you tea on arrival after personally escorting you to your room for a tour of what does what. But it 's hard to take your eyes off the view of the harbour if you 've booked one with such a position and you can tell as soon as you step over the threshold that you 'll have all the five star accoutrements available. Dressing gowns , slippers , fresh fruit daily , plasma screens with about fifty channels , a beautiful big marble bathroom and even a TV to watch as you lie in the bath. Everything 's catered for .

i have stayed here 3 times in the last 6 months - and on each occasion it has been perfection. Airport pick up - perfect ; Check in - warm and efficient ; Rooms stunning being upgraded to a suite on the last 2 occasions helped ; Beds incredibly comfortable ; the pool and spa areas and related services incredibly relaxing ; The Executive Lounge great - when stopping over on the way to/from Europe , the snacks are enough for dinner .

i hate to say it but I think I have found a hotel , which is better than Four Seasons New York. The FS Hong Kong is OUTstanding. We had an airport transfer in a brand new Mercedes S-class that was well worth the price. We were met by the entrance door of the hotel and led directly to our room on the top floor as requested .

from start to finish a slick spectacular stay with a fine staff and stunning architectural design. I have had the pleasure of staying at many FS properties and at least 6 top hotels in HKG. This is incomparable.Only glitch was the dirty window and the rain outside. Do n't miss it if you like the HK side .

my wife and I recently stayed at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong. What quality ! As always at any Four Seasons , service is fantastic. I have stayed in most of the other quality hotels in Hong Kong -- The Manderin , Conrad , Penisula --- and find the Four Seasons to be the best of a great lot. The view from the Infinity Pool alone is worth a stay .

i spent 4 nights there only a month ago and I still like to pull up the photos that I took there just to remind me what high living was like. I ca n't even begin to tell you what the spa massive and outdoor pool are like. The pool is relatively quiet and not at all crowded throughout the day. Also , the best time to spend some pool time is at night when all the bright lights of the city are towering up above you .

recently spent 5 nights at this hotel and it was an amazing experience ! the staff was well polished and the room and harbour view was phenominal. would recommend just taking the train in though and saving yourself quite a bit of money. the train goes right to the mall that the hotel is attached too so it is a 5 minute walk to get there , or a shuttle direct to the hotel for those who ca n't be bothered the few steps. great location on the island and easy to get everywhere !

read the rest of the reviews and they say the same Four Seasons in a teriffic hotel .

i stayed here on vacation in Dec 2005. I can only say that this hotel sets the standard worldwide for quality and service. It is simply one of the best hotels I â € ™ ve ever stayed at and I stay in hotels several times per month due to business travel .

this was only the second time I â € ™ ve stayed at a Four Seasons hotel , but once again they have confirmed their reputation of providing service that is a step higher than all their competitors .

we took the airport express to the Central station and as we were

i stayed at the new Four Seasons in Hong Kong from 17 to 20 February 2006. It is , without a doubt , the &quot ; It&quot ; hotel in the SAR ; I found that , in overall appeal and service , it just edges out my two other HK favorites , the Peninsula and Ritz-Carlton. The FS really does have it all : 1 Location - perfect , attached to the IFC Mall and adjacent to the HK Airport Express Station. It 's a short walk or taxi ride to anywhere , including the Star Ferry , in Central. Yet it 's also somehow set apart. The property comprises two towers : the hotel proper and residences. 2 Rooms : I stayed in a Harbour Deluxe room , at a promotional rate that included HK $ 500 toward in-room or hotel-restaurant dining. While it was mostly foggy or rainy during my 3-day stay , the view of the busy harbour and Kowloon was inspiring. The decor is smart , sleek , and new-millenium luxurious : lots of dark woods , marble , and glass. The main TV is a huge plasma unit , with a smaller LCD screen over the bathtub. The bathroom is very luxurious , with a large soaking tub and walk-in rain shower. 3 Spa : the best I 've seen to date in a hotel. 4 Pool : ditto , with two outdoor infinity pools and jacuzzis overlooking the harbour. 5 Food : room service is the usual FS excellent , and Caprice Restaurant has to be one of the best French restaurants in Asia. The staff -- particularly the maitre d ' and his assistant -- pampered me , discreetly yet thoroughly introducing each of the eight mini-dishes comprising the degustation menu , which was out of this world. They advised me that they 'd come from the FS George V Hotel in Paris with the goal of establishing the best French restaurant in Asia. Mission accomplished , I 'd say. While the meal , with champagne and wine , cost almost half of the nightly room rate , it was more than worth it. 6 Staff/service : impeccable -- not only do the mostly young staff do everything right and go out of their way to help and advise , they are beautiful , as if they 'd just come from HK fashion runways .

my first time in Hong Kong was made all the better by staying in the Four Seasons. If you can , organise for the hotel pick up from HK airport KHD 800 each way . We were met at the plane , whisked on a buggy to customs , then straight down to luggage and into air-conditioned limo. On arrival at the hotel , we were greeted by name at our car and taken directly to our room where we were checked in in comfort - and this was all within 1 hour of landing !

spent two wonderful nights 09-11 Feb at the new Four Seasons Hotel. Booked it since we loved staying at brand new hotels and it was having a promotion with free HK $ 500 dinning vouchers at its restaurants .

i try and stay in Four Seasons all over the world where ever I can. This new addition to the group does them proud , a truely stunning contemperary design coupled with traditional Four Seasons unobtrusive service .

this was an excellent hotel with tip top service. Tons of staff to cater to your every need. Anyone who tells you to stay outside of Central , either has budget limitations , or is n't sane. Staying in Central is convienent and feels alot safer. Great stay and I highly reccomend the Four Seasons Hong Kong. It was a great place to bring in the new year .

i went to HK on business and stayed at Four Seasons. I have stayed at several in the chain and find each and everyone of them to be guaranteed luxury and service .

i â € ™ ve just returned from a fabulous stay at the Four Seasons Hong Kong for Christmas holiday and can â € ™ t express enough how wonderful the stay was. In fact , it is one of my top hotel stays ever. As the whole world recognizes The Peninsula as the perennial and ultimate luxury , it is nice to know that there is one strong contender that could rivaled the old grand dame. Forget about the old Mandarin currently refurb and Inter Continental as they are overrated where the physical product is aging and unimposing. The Landmark Mandarin is overpriced ; boutique style with no views from its room other than the concrete jungle it is situated amongst .

