despite the name most of the rooms only have a view of a neighboring apartment building. You need to go to the front desk every time you want to use a fitness center because the passcode changes every day. They have not given me a new shampoo bottle in last five days. Worst of all , even thought they claim the hotel is non-smoking they do n't enforce it and with central AC all the smoke gets blown into your room. Last two nights I am trying to sleep in what feels like an airport smoking area - when I complained , they sent someone to sniffle and of course he said he can not smell anything. They say there are no rooms for me to move to. They say they do n't know how to open a window. They say cleaning lady will look for cigarette buds tomorrow - p-lease ! Only 4 TV programs and super-slow internet. Swimming pool is a joke and is hardly ever open .

since this hotel hardly have much coverage on tripadvisor , here 's the lastest review .

i will use the YWCA Garden View again and again when I 'm in Hong Kong because of its value and location. Upon arrival , I was upgraded to a deluxe room. Broadband Internet costs HK $ 100 a day , which was fine with me. The queen-size bed was hard , but since I am a veteran of Asia , I 'm used to it and slept very well. Rooms were clean and the service efficient and courteous. I found a rate of about US $ 95 , which for Hong Kong is a great value. Location ? Some may say a Mid-Levels location is too far from the action -- about a HK $ 20 ride to Admiralty or Central. I appreciated the peace and quiet .

this is my 2nd visit to The Garden View YWCA. We were upgraded when we arrived which was fantastic , I would highly recommend a suite if you are looking for more space than the deluxe room offers. If I had to fault anything , at a push I 'd say the ridiculously cold lobby and the buffet breakfast was n't anything to write home about. We 'll definitely be back to stay again regardless. Big thumbs up .

this hotel is a good value for Hong Kong hotels. The location is quiet and set away from the hustle and bustle of the city. It is up in the mid-levels , so it 's a very steep walk home. Because it was so hot out and we were so tired by the end of the day , we always took cabs back which are inexpensive from Central . The hotel is undergoing renovations , so it is under construction during the day. SInce we were out all day , this was not a problem for us , but if you want to be able to nap and rest during the day , this might not be the location for you. The front desk staff were only moderately helpful with information and directions. There is free access to internet. The breakfast buffet which was included in the room price was adequate , although it never actually opened at the time it was supposed to. 7 am seemed to be merely a suggestion. The beds are rock-hard , like many Chinese hotels. It feels like you are sleeping on a box-spring , not a mattress. All in all , this hotel provides a clean place to stay for a good value in Hong Kong .

the Hotel was upgraded my room from Superior to Deluxe room with a nice City View. .

do n't be fooled by the hotel 's YWCA name , this is no youth hostel or poor quality hotel. It has an impressive entrance foyer. Admittedly , we were in a delux room having been automatically upgraded from a superior one . The room was of a reasonable size with a large bed big enough for a 6ft + person and a very firm mattress typical style for HK . It was tastefully decorated with all new fittings , including a good size fridge .

stayed here for 10 days for leisure and business. The location of this hotel is excellent. The breakfast is western and very good , just remember to ask for the breakfast to be included when reserving .

we spent 3 nights at this hotel on a long weekend in Hong Kong. It was wonderful ! We originaly had booked a superior room with city views and got an upgrade to a Deluxe room with garden views. The view we had from the room was amazing with floor to ceiling windows and we could open the windows 14th floor and listen to the birds in the botanical garden and zoo from accross the street. The room was fresh and clean , with a nice duvet blanket , great double bed although my boyfriend really tought it was too hard . The booking included free breakfast and it was very good , with a great variety of meats , fruits , cereals and pastries. You can also enjoy the ''Symphony of light' ' show every night at 2000h from the room. But watch out , most restaurants close around 2230h. I really enjoyed the location as it is nestled in the mid-levels , away from all the hustle and bustle of the lower city area. This is an expensive neighbourghood and the botanical garden and surrounding hills make it feel very secluded and safe. I would , however , advise to consider staying away from this hotel if you have mobility issues. This area of town is built half-way up the peak and , unless you are the ''ride a taxi everywhere' ' type , you will get a a serious workout up and down hill to the restaurants , MTR station and surrounding parks and attractions. We always felt extremely safe , even late at night , walking back to the hotel .

this was the first time we stayed at this hotel and I was not disapointed. I would go say this was the best service I have ever experienced .

the frontline desk could not retreive my reservation and was not able to help me out for hours. Later it showed that this problem was caused due to uncomprehensive reservation procedures.The restaurant was closed but they did n't give any prior notification although I requested the possibility of having a breakfast . The bed was too hard. Service was non existant at all. I woulod describe this place rather as a youth hostel than a hotel .

we made the reservatin by phone from china mainland. Once we arrived to the hotel 3 days later , at the front desk they could not find our reservation and they were not helpful at all. We had to call the front desk manager and even the manager of the hotel because nobody else was capable either willing to help us. Finally they gave us the room for a way too high price. We had to take it withouth hesitation since hong kong was full at that moment due to a congress .

the Gardenview hotel is situated in a lovely location beside the botanical gardens and zoo. I found the staff to be friendly and accomodating. Our room was very clean and had a great view. Situated within 2 minutes walking distance to a Victoria Peak tram terminal and within walking distance to local shopping. Taxi 's stop and wait for fares outside this hotel day and night and there was always one available when we stepped outside. When not using the Victoria Peak tram , I advise the use of taxi 's as the hill is very steep and a bit of an epic climb in the heat .

the hotel is very clean and new. The rooms are average in size , perhaps even large for HK. The beds have real hard mattresses , one has to get used to them. The bathroom has shower , just big enough with modern appliances. The view from the city side rooms is very good !

i stayed at this hotel for 6 months... yes 6 months as part of a work project. I had one of the serviced apartments on the top floor which had not been touched since before i was born and i am 24 ! .

we booked online a dbl for 2 adults 3 nites/1 bed and ended up with 2 twin beds , and they found a double the following night but with the view we had on the 14th floor --we opted to stay put ! Reviews here point out the downside small rooms , dated furniture , etc but if you want a reasonably priced hotel on Hong Kong itself , this is the place. Not only do you have the famous HKG skyline , but prime seating for the nightly 15 minute light/laser show bouncing off the neighboring skyscrapers. And next door is a Park'n'Shop , making for easy runs for snacks , beverages , etc. And for about $ 1USD or less you just had to run downstairs for toast in the morning ; very convenient. Government just raised the cab fares in HKG as well as other Chinese cities , but it was such a bargain hopping in one for 15Yuan to Star Harbor ferry , mid-level escalators , etc. that even if it doubled it 's a deal. Good service from staff ; clean rooms. I 'd recommend it if you 're not going for luxury .

the hotel was clean but the room was very small , dated interior and slightly worn. Additionally money was stolen from my bags while I was out. It is advertised as having a swimming pool , however the ymca next door , which the pool is sited over is currently preventing the hotel from opening it .

the Garden View has been renamed from the YWCA. Was this a political gesture ? It is not known by taxi drivers by its new name , which is confusing if your flight is late and you try telling a taxi driver at 4am the name. Best to use the address .

we family of 4 stayed in the hotel for 5 nights. Found the staff friendly. The first rooms we were given were smoking - so we asked to be moved - which they did no problem .

i stayed at the Gardenview International hotel Aug.20-30,2004 to meet my fiancee &amp ; now we are happily married.And I enjoyed my stayed there.The room is clean,receptionist are polite and the place its very convenient to Central Hongkong.. .

