i travelled to Hong Kong with a friend of mine , at the time we were both 16 and were treated with the upmost respect. The hotel was extremely clean and the staff were extremely helpful regardless of wealth ! . Granted i have not stayed here in a few years , however would reccomend it to anyone ! ! ! ! !

we ended up staying at the Marco Polo Gateway after spending over a month deciding on where to stay for our first trip to Hong Kong I went there with my sister . We wanted a hotel that is near all the shopping areas so we can rest our feet and leave our purchases in between shopping trips. I also needed a hotel that 's near the MTR or accessible to the Airport Express as I planned to watch a concert at the Asia World Expo .

i booked this hotel along with a tour package. The stay was plesent and the staff were helpful , therefore service was great. The location of the hotel is spectacular , since you are able to access Hong Kongs subway and major shopping areas easily. The rooms were nice in size , although the staff had put us into a corner unit which we ended up having no accessible view at all , just other room windows .

the Marco Polo Gateway Hotel is situated at one end of a large mall by the harbor , and at the other end of the mall is the Marco Polo Prince Hotel. Definitely the Gateway hotel has a better lobby and friendlier staff than the Prince hotel. My family had to wait several times for our tour guide at the Prince hotel where we received unfriendly glances from the security officer while we were seated in that lobby. But not so at the Gateway hotel where there were lots of people just whiling away their time. I had to leave my mother and my aunt , in their 80 's , in the lobby while I did some last minute shopping , and they both fell asleep on the sofa , No one bothered them until it was time for us to board the airport bus. Also , twice , I had to access my luggage that were in the holding area , and the concierge was very pleasant about it even though we had to walk some distance to the locked room. We were checked in 2 adjoining rooms for 3 nights. The rooms were a bit old , but I 'm willing to overlook that fact because of the friendly staff .

this is our 3rd trip for this year to Marco Polo Gateway and I never have to think twice as to where the family would prefer to stay. First consideration is always location , and nothing can beat the 3 Marco Polo Hotels. We have chosen to stay at gateway because it is smack in the center. many people are concerned with the rates but you will be surprised that even the hotel site has a lot of good deals. The rooms are very big and spacious and breakfast had a lot of choices. Most hotels would ignore guest survey , but this one respects the suggestions of every guests and from experience , they really take the effort to correct any negative comments. I have to give special mention to gateway managers Mr Benjamin Fung and Mr Timothy Lai as they have demonstrated exceptional hospitality to reach out to guests. If you plan to visit Hongkong during the muggy , summer months , this is the best location since you never have to be out under the sun. As with other reviews , the only Negative : No complimentary wifi

i 've stayed in all 3 marco polo hotels along canton road but this seems to be place where a lot of filipinos choose to book. i 've stayed here for about 3-4 times already - love it 's location ! since hong kong is known for it 's shopping , this is the best place to be in - exit any of the hotel doors and you 've got the mall or stores staring back at you. rooms are big and spacious and the bathroom is pretty big. rooms are always clean and the staff are very helpful. downside is that there 's no free wifi

my work has me based in Mainland China , but my wife and I make frequent trips to Hong Kong for work and leisure. Hong Kong is a shopper 's paradise , especially during the semi-annual huge sales they have. This past July , we decided to do a quick overnight in HK to do some shopping. The Gateway was immensely convenient. After loading up on goods , we 'd return to the gateway right inside Harbor City Mall and drop of our bags at the Concierge 's desk. Then we 'd go back to shopping unrestricted .

great Kowloon location , friendly helpfull staff - knew us by name in a day. Great buffet breakfast with loads of choice. Room was big with great soft bedding. Harbour view is spectacular. Cant wait to stay again .

we booked for a deluxe room but were upgraded to a smoking continental suite. The hallways has a smoky smell as expected from a smoking floor. There are &quot ; no smoking&quot ; floors though. The personnel were very friendly. Most Hongkongers I experienced from this trip were very friendly , far from what I remembered ten years ago. We were served fruits everyday. The location is near shopping centers and has a shopping center itself. It is connected to other marco polo hotels through the shopping center. You may want to request for the two double beds instead of the single queen sized bed because it is much bigger. The rooms were so cold and I had a problem of turning it down. It was still too cold for me even if it is turned off .

i travel to Hong Kong 8 times a year and for the past year have stayed on the Executive floors of the Marco Polo , Gateway Hotel in Hong Kong. From the moment I stayed there the first time I felt at home and the friendliness of everyone who looked after me was overwhelming.How does everyone remember my name I kept thinking when I know they must see thousands of people every month. I have to thank Kimmy,Mark and their team for all of this and I would recommend this hotel for comfort,convenience and friendliness. The perks of staying on the executive floor is that included in my rate is breakfast,cocktails with delicious snacks and free internet service in the lounge and bedrooms.Thank you to all Sidney Dickman Cape Town South Africa

location : Kowloon is a new district in HK , there are a lot of shops , markets , but as tourist object this place is miserable. Some shops sells very good things for low price , of cause not all. It is a big job something to find. All goods are like in soup Eintopf in German , original Swiss watches and in 50 meters a market with very cheap closing .

having read some of the recent reviews , there must be a huge variation in the standard of accommodation. I booked a room in the 3rd from the lowest price range , but - great joy - we were upgraded to a suite which , although not luxurious , was more than adequate , especially as space is at such a premium in HK. We did n't have much of a harbour view , but did not expect this in view of the high density of building in the area. We were travelling with a very boisterous 3 yr-old , but the staff were exceptionally nice to him. There was an inclusive breakfast but ,because of timings ,we were only able to take it once. The choice was excellent , as was the service. If it had not been inclusive in our original booking , I doubt if we would have taken it in the hotel , as I think it is expensive .

good location. decent rooms...nothing spectacular about them. rather old interiors. just good to sleep and shower .

after hearing much about how &quot ; good&quot ; and &quot ; superior&quot ; this hotel is , we were very much excited about staying here , after all , we did n't just spend $ 200 a night for something mediocre. However , we were very much disapointed and angry at our agent after staying here. First of , expecting that since the hotel was literally facing the harbour , we were hoping to get a room with a harbour view , but was very much dismayed when the receptionist told us that all rooms in their hotel only have limited view of the city since it was surrounded and blocked by neighboring higher buildings. We just let it pass , seeing that all may not be lost in that we were expecting at least a good room. Wrong ! From the elevator , the age of the hotel could be seen , it was already a pretty old property , and Marco Polo should have refurbished them or something. The room was smaller than expected and that two people could not cross the space between the tv asnd bed at the same time. The bathroom was quite big , but was already old. Some brown and rust could be seen and the bath tub was kind of dirty. In the restaurant we were surprised that they actually set a time limit for us to finish our meal. They required us to eat in shifts , and in one instance we were already very hungry , but the time period for that time was until 830 only. It was already 745 , and being that we had no choice , I think we had our fastest buffet ever. The only good thing about this hotel though is its location in Tsimtsatsui. However , if you 're gon na spend $ 200 , spend it elsewhere ! there 's ton 's of better hotels in Tsimtsatsui .

having stayed in the Marco Polo Hong Kong hotel in the past , I anticipated that the adjoining Gateway would be to a similar standard. I was unfortunately very wrong in this assumption .

everyone I know stays at Gateway because of the location. Since we traveled with our young kids this time and wanted a place nearer the mall , we opted to stay here. Their lobby is beautiful enough and they 're pretty costly so I was expecting a room that 's also beautiful at least. I was very disappointed when we entered our room. It had this old , stuffy room smell. The carpets were old and threadbare. The bathroom tiles were old , the fixtures were old , the toilet was dripping and the bathtub was so old that it was stained all over. I had to force my kids to shower .

first off , I 'd have to say I love the location of this hotel. Easy access to restaurants , shopping , Kowloon Park , Star Ferry , etc. I almost always stay in this hotel everytime I go to Hongkong .

i stay in this hotel every time i go to Hong Kong. Service is great and the rooms are very comfortable. You get complimentary water too but you have to pay a steep price for internet .

there are three Macro Polo Hotels in Canton Road. I stayed in Macro Polo Prince before. I preferred Macro Polo Gateway. Gateway is located in the middle and it has the best location. It is only within 5-minutes walking distance to the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR subway station. It is next to the upscale shopping center â € “ Harbor City .

