stayed only one night en route to Thailand. Booked the hotel on Expedia and paid $ 100 Canadian including all taxes and fees. We were not able to figure out the shuttle bus from the airport so used taxis each way instead which made the cost somewhat higher. Upon arrival , without asking , we were upgraded to a room with a balcony and a view which was appreciated. There is a little market a short walk from the hotel which we found to have groceries and liquor and some souvenirs. We were very happy with the hotel but did not have time to check out all its amenities. It did appear to have everything you 'd want. Staff was very pleasant .

this hotel has two different price schemes , one for international travellers , and one for Chinese passport holders , the latter being a lot cheaper. It is outrageous. The hotel is actually very nice , but it is galling to be treated like this. Differential pricing in China itself has been banned , but it seems it is alive and well in Hong Kong !

this hotel was in a remote are of Hong Kong. It is a bit far from the main areas but gave us a Quite time During the time we spend in the very busy Hong Kong. The rooms are large and very neat. We had a room with a sea view and private balcony. It was i bit cold when we were there but they have a Huge pool and it is close to the swimming beach .

this is a great hotel with great service. The hotel 's 5 star shines through with a lovely pool and surrounding area. Its about 35 mins from the centre , there is a hotel bus service that runs every hour for 15/20 HK $ each way .

the service is great , the hotel is lovely , but it was just a little too far from the city 30 min from the heart of hong kong . we took a taxi to and from each time , but i think the hotel provides a shuttle. the rooms are very large and spacious , but the bed was surprisingly too firm .

we stayed for 2 weeks. We selected the standard room with balcony just so that we can have more room to strech out with a 6-year old and some family stopping by to visit. Really enjoyable to have a small breakfast pick up from nearby grocery store on the balcony feeling the sun and the breeze .

after lengthy research on Trip Advisor , we decide to check-in with my wife and 2 daughters in the Gold Coast Hotel in Tuen Mun , New Territories in Hong Kong. We felt that kids , would like to go to the beach , swim outside in children friendly pools with water slides and not stand all the time in the bustling city centre. There are some inconveniences. You need to take a 35min bus ride for 25 HK dollars to the city centre and you lose some flexibility. Taxi can quickly get a burden for the daily budget. But overall we felt we were right to do so and not only for the kids .

the hotel is nice with nice vew and good service,with brackfest good choice to please European and Asian cliants ,with kids or with out.The trip to city is about 30 mint. long with mini bus .the cost is some what more, , then normal city bus .You can travel for around 40hk dolars to the airport but with mini will cost you 95dolars .Walking around hotel earea is nice and you many restorants to eat incl.Macs .Rooms at hotel are well equipt with comfort .air con etc , nice comfie king beds .

we stayed here for a week and had a very enjoyable time. The hotel website claims 5 star , whether this would apply in Europe or the US is questionable , but the hotel is luxurious with marble water feature in the huge lobby , a pagoda-style structure , a circular bar and good seating. The lifts are glass-sided with polished brasswork on display .

quite an oppulant hotel - nothing you could fault about it. Room was quite quiet - facing the sea magnificant view

needed to do some Business &amp ; Leisure in Hong Kong. Decided to take my 20 year old son , a 2nd year university student majoring in Structural Engineering with me on the trip. Hong Kong is a fascinating location for those interested in its engineering feats. Booked our accommodation through Expedia over internet. Found everything so easy. Added to this , we were provided with an Expedia $ 100 voucher off our accommodation. Our choice of hotel was largely made on the basis of previous reviews of this Gold Coast Hotel. The room rate on &quot ; last minute bookings&quot ; seemed really reasonable. Gold Coast Hotel located in new territories sounded good , although some distance from inner city Kowloon/Hong Kong. The hotel was relatively new , very clean , comfortable and our room large at Hong Kong standards , great views , definitely a good 4star rating. Our two single beds were a bit hard , but I actually preferred it that way the longer we stayed. Gardens around the hotel were extremely well kept and neat. Found the staff to be friendly. Finish of the hotel interior &amp ; exterior was of high standard &amp ; quality. Some points to mention..paying for a room at this hotel was similar to buying a BMW car. The car , the windscreen and the air in the car was included in the price , but you paid well for any extras. Meals were very expensive , no complimentary water given , no free internet 30 $ hong kong per hour ! . We did find the free shuttle to Kowloon very handy and used it extensively. Just make sure you know where the pick up points are , as they are not similar to where you are dropped off in Kowloon .

the main question with the Gold Coast is what exactly is it ? I remain slightly confused as to what is aspires to be and why anyone would actually choose to stay there. The website conveys images of palm fringed beaches , marine vistas and lush gardens. The reality is a curious blend of Hong Kong tower blocks and smog , Butlins family entertainment , new Indian glamour Bollywood chintz and the personality and style of Coventry Council estate albeit on a warm day...rare in Coventry .

we moved to the Gold Coast Hotel after staying at the Langham Place in Mong Kok. We wanted to have a getaway outside of the city and just be able to the relax. Our first impressions of the hotel were great. It 's luxe and classic when you walk inside and everyone wants to hold doors open for you. We did have our temperatures taken when we checked in , which was a little strange , but not a big deal. Our room was HUGE and they gave us an amazing view of the water overlooking the pool area. With that said it was a bit dated drapery , bed frames , couch , although I believe they are in the process of upgrading some rooms. The beds were extremely hard , it was a little tough for me to feel as relaxed as I wanted to. The bathroom was large , but the shower was definitely wonky. So powerful and collected water so quickly you were soon showering a tiny lake .

i just got back from a lovely week-end at the Gold coast hotel. In my opinion , the hotel is excellent value for money , and my kids loved staying here because of the beach that is a short walking distance from the hotel , the beautiful gardens and the kids play area called Kids Amazing Playground which kept them entertained. I would recommend this area for under 10 's

we spenf a couple of nights there on the way from Oz to Europe .

if you want a &quot ; change of pace&quot ; when in Hong Kong -this is the place - right next to the beach - a fun place to stay. It is a little remote - the taxi ride from Kowloon was about 100RMB - but if you do n't want to be in the crowded city , this is a great option. The hotel has a shuttle bus that goes into Kowloon and returns each hour - complimentary - so after arriving in the town all types of transportation available - walking distance to the subway. You are dropped off next to one of the largest shopping malls around ! !

did not meet my expectations and the website makes very exaggerated claims. Yes it is quite quiet and prettier than hong kong but make no mistake , this jaded resort is on a stretch of beach in a holday complex. The views are of a marina and tower blocks or of the sea with a view of industrial shipping and dredgers in the docks and ...you guessed it..more tower blocks. Not luxurious .

i have n't been to HK for ten years and I was a little hesitate to bring my little one 10 months old there. We picked this hotel because of its location away from the crowd and the price. This hotel is way better than we expected. My 10-months old settled in right from the very first moment. He loves looking out the windows into the ocean view. Staff are friendly and polite .

as most reviewers have noted , this hotel is n't 5 star. It is a good location if you want to avoid the busy city centre. Check-in and check-out was quick and hassle-free. The buffet breakfast on offer was very good , although slightly pricier than most hotels. There was a large variety of western and asian foods to suit all tastes. The service was also top-class. The room is large , the furniture is a little older , and I had a particular problem with the shower not being able to maintain a constant temperature. But in general , the room was well kept .

while this is not near the big tourist attractions , it was a nice , reasonably priced hotel that had it 's own shuttle to Kowloon .

i just got back from a short visit in Hong Kong. I chose the Gold Coast Hotel because I heard it was very crowded in Hong Kong and wanted to be out of the hustle and bustle of the city if I was n't doing anything there. Also , the hotel had a shuttle service , so why not ? It was free for me , but I noticed others had to pay ; maybe it depends on where your room is located. I went to the city every day and did n't mind approx. 30 minutes on the shuttle bus.The room was huge and decorated in a modern and fairly plush way. The rooms were n't perfect , as some other reviews may have mentioned , but I was n't looking for perfection , and they were still quite nice. I had a huge window with a wonderful view of the harbor , sea and mountains. The hotel has beautifully landscaped grounds and offers some ammenities that I like the spa . The staff were very nice and helpful. When I arrived , I was greeted with a nice , big smile , and check-in was hassle-free as well as check-out . Gordon at the concierge was especially great and went out of his way to help me with all my questions about sightseeing and how to get around. I wish I had a chance to thank him again , but I had to leave very early. Basically , I really did n't know what to expect with my stay at the Gold Coast. For one , I was n't sure if it 'd be a good idea to be outside of the city. For another , I was a bit skeptical about of its and any high ratings in Tripadviser. Once I chose a highly rated hotel , and it was a disaster. But as you can see , all turned out very well. I 'm happy , back at home , feeling very relaxed. Thank you Gold Coast Hotel !

buffet was amazing ! and what a hotel , pretty far out though , old ghurka camp location but travel in hk is nimps

i was first attracted by the hotel website and had made follow up phone calls to inquire the possibility of hosting a thanksgiving reception on the property on the final phase of our trip to Asia. Much impressed by my initial contacts with the restaurant manager and staff , Perry and Betty , we have decided to relocate to the HK Gold Coast on our final three nights of stay in Hong Kong from the JW Marriott to host the event .

the hotel was the venue for my company sales conference .

we stayed at this hotel during a stopover in Hong Kong thinking it would be a nice comfortable place to spend the night. In my opinion , this is definitely not a four star hotel. The rooms were worn and I had to ask for new sheets because there was hair on our &quot ; clean&quot ; ones. The bed was horrible the worst part of this hotel - a very cheap mattress - I could feel all the springs and some felt like they were about to burst out of the mattress at any time. The only thing we really liked about this hotel was the free shuttle into downtown Kowloon. There is a large pool but , as we did n't swim , I ca n't speak to that. I will say that after our disappointing and uncomfortable stay during our first HK stopover we canceled our stay at the Gold Coast for our second HK stopover and picked a different hotel .

the Gold Coast hotel is defintely not a 5 star hotel and it is quite far from Kowloon and HK island. If you stay in HK and is in need of a short get away , you may consider this hotel. However , for tourists , the beach in HK is not worth a trip there .

this hotel is a bit out of the way , but perfect for a relaxing break. The bed is great , the rooms very large by HK standards. The Lobby and atrium are beautiful , and the glass elevator is great ! The common areas of the hotel were stunning , with beautiful gardens. Unfortunately , the Pool Area was roped off and out of bounds during our entire 2 night stay , because of forecast thunderstorms. Unusual , because in Queensland this practice is not followed , nor at the Hotel we stayed at on Hong Kong Island. Very disappointing , bad form by the hotel I say. Breakfast was great , and plentiful , while the A La Carte restaurant served fantastic food , at reasonable prices. My only criticism of the hotel apart from closing the pool ! was the Concierge. They were entirely unhelpful , and it seemed like a sport to them , to try and hinder my enjoyment of my stay. I tried to book 1 day ahead for the shuttle , and was told its not possible , but I could awaken at 7am in the morning , and come down to book it with them. So I did this , but it certainly didnt assist in my having a relaxing time at the hotel. I asked the concierge a handful of questions in 2 days , and each time was treated with less than friendly attitudes

we really enjoyed our stay here. The rooms were lovely , good facilties , beautiful gardens. Need to heat the pool. It was too cold to use ! Our children really enjoyed it. Not much choice of restaurants nearby , but the hotel restaurants is ok. Nice breakfast. Would definitely return .

the overall experience was terrific .

had a very happy stay ! and being New Year definitly added something special to the visit .

when thinking about our stay at the Gold Coast hotel , I have really mixed feelings. There are many great things about this hotel ; the grounds are amazing , the setting is beautiful , the public areas are really impressive and the staff all speak good English. The beach is really nice as is the pool area , in fact the whole hotel is beautiful and all this only 30 minutes from the centre of Kowloon. Breakfast is great too .

the Gold Coast hotel is not quite a 5 star hotel but there are a few points that made it a pleasure to stay at .

my family and I have just returned from 6 nights at the Gold Coast Hotel Hong Kong. It was planned as an extended stop over to break up the long journey from Heathrow to Sydney .

stayed here for 12 nights from 13th October. Fantastic hotel and would thoroughly recommend for a bit of relaxation from the bustle of Kowloon and HK island. Staff were friendly and although the breakfast was quite expensive , the meals in breakers bar were excellent value. 4 course meal for roughly Â £ 10.00 each. Staff in bar were very friendly giving us advise on what to see and where to go .

my two friends and I booked this hotel for three nights at the end of a two week holiday in mainland China. We were strongly influenced by the good reviews on Trip Advisor thinking the hotel would be just what was required after a very enjoyable but busy tour. We booked two deluxe rooms with balconies directly through the hotel website - we were prepared to pay a little extra for what we thought would be a very relaxing stay. The hotel website boasts that every room has a sea view. We were , therefore , very disappointed to discover that neither of our rooms had what might be called a sea view. There may have been sea in the far distance behind the main view of a high rise block of apartments , the hotel car park and the hotel entrance but it would have required binoculars to see it. When we asked to move we were told that no other rooms were available but that we might be able to move the following day. As we were only staying for three nights this was disappointing but we tolerated the inconvenience in the expectation of enjoying the rest of the hotel 's resources as described on the website. Alas , further disappointments were in store. We tried to have a drink on the balcony of one of the rooms only to discover that the seats were soaking wet. They were sprayed by the hotel sprinkler system watering the flowers. The same thing happened the next morning - essentially making the balcony impossible to use in the evening or the morning even if one was prepared to put up with the noise of the car park and buses and cars pulling into the hotel entrance. The floor in the second balcony was covered in what seemed to be cement dust .

spacious lobby area impressive , we stayed in a deluxe double bedded room which was a decent size and fairly well equipped. Food in the Atrium was good value , Cafe Lagoon offers a great choice of buffet breakfast breakfast and dinner , fantastic choice. Room service also excellent. Reasonable prices and periodic special offers makes this hotel a decent choice offering value for money and would rate this hotel to be a good 4 star resort hotel .

the Hotel was quite nice and well located. The free shuttle service to Hong Kong was exellent. However , our stay was ruined by their readiness to close to the pool when they had a thunderstorm warning .

we live in Hong Kong , so the considerable distance of this resort hotel from the city did n't bother us. We just wanted a night to ourselves and have , in fact , stayed here before. I booked a special online via the hotel 's website , which gave us a better deal than any discount hotel deals I could find. We stayed in a Deluxe Balcony room , but it was definitely smaller and less luxurious than the last time , so I can only assume we had a different deal before. The room was still fairly large by Hong Kong standards , with a king size bed and good sized balcony. Worst thing was the room not being ready when we arrived , 25 mins before official check-in. Ok , fair enough. However , we were advised it would not be ready for nearly an hour. Would we like to upgrade extra cost to a room that was ready now ? We thought this was just a ploy to extract more money , so declined. However , the room really was n't ready for 55 mins , and we were n't the only ones waiting in the lobby. Amazingly , we were n't offered a free coffee , half-price dinner , or any other &quot ; practical apology&quot ; as compensation. We ate in their Cafe Lagoon restaurant , which offers a buffet dinner or a-la-carte. Delicious , as was the buffet breakfast , although the line for freshly-cooked eggs was too long to bother with. Fantastic resort-style pool that was almost too warm , but sadly no hot-tub .

we went for a short stay of 7 days and wished we had been there longer. The staff as expected from the orient were fantastic and sooo helpful. The concierge desk spoke amazing English and seemed to know everything about everything , shocking !

stayed with my wife at the Gold Coast Hotel for 5 nights in mid June,2007. Extremely impressed with the attention to detail , helpfulness of staff , good sized room , excellent facilities better than many 5 * facilities in other parts of the world including 2X massive swimming pools &amp ; nice beach..overall great value for money. The only downside is the distance into HK but it is not a big issue , with bus no 962 &amp ; 962b running every 20 mins or so to Admiralty/Causeway Bay in HK island Â £ 1.20 , around 40 mins &amp ; a regular mini buses to Tsim Sha Tsui &amp ; Mong Kok in Kowloon Â £ 1 , around 35 mins round the clock. There is also a hotel shuttle to TST every hour but its slightly more expensive. The hotel also operates a shuttle to HK airport every hour Â £ 6 , 40 mins .

spent six night there with husband and daughters early twenties . Everything from ambience , service , cleanliness and standard of presentation was excellent. The distance from Kowloon and Hong Kong Island etc was easily overcome by using the extremely traveller friendly KTR rail system. My advice to anyone is to take a cab to Tuen Mun station $ 3AUS and get the train from there or catch a bus opposite the Gold Coast Shopping Centre. Would highly recommend the hotel to all .

i Booked this to coincide with a trip to Sha Tin Races on the sunday The hotel is only 30 minutes from Hong Kong International Airport and only 340 Hong Kong Dollars so would be ideal for an airport stopover for a night or 2 away from the hustle and bustle of Kowloon or Hong Kong.The Hotel is situated in the New Territories.First impressions of the hotel looked good a very new modern hotel the check in was very efficient and when you got to your room all i could say was wow you either get a seaview room or a view of the local yacht club with some very good boats out there.The size of the room was quite good too for Hong Kong more than enough room to work in..Next to the hotel is a marina and shopping mall and restaurants ie chinese french and not forgetting macdonalds the quality of the food was excellent with very reasonable prices.The pool area was fantastic and served food and bar snacks.On the last day i caught the shuttle bus to Kowloon which drops you off Next to The Peninsula Hotel and only takes 25 minutes.Overall one of the best Hotels I have stayed in The staff were excellent and very friendly this would make an ideal hotel in the summertime wher Kowloon and Hong Kong can be unbearable a great stay

i loved this hotel from the moment we got there to the moment we left. I stayed at the hotel for 2 weeks while on a holiday to hong kong. The hotel recration facilites were great , the hotel offered tennis , tabble tennis , basketball , snooker , golf , archery a gym and many more. The hotel has a freeform lagoon style pool ; which is massive , and also a childrens pool with two slides ; both pools protected by trained life gaurds. Just across the complex is the beach which has beautiful gold sand and is also protected by life gaurds. There are plenty of nice places to eat in the hotel ; the hotel has four restraunts,bars and cafes , all to a high standard with cheap prices , if you wanted to venture out of the hotel , you can take a short walk dont even have to leave hotel grounds to the golden palace shopping centre which offers great places to eat such as ' chilli and spice. ' Our hotel room was perfect , 1 double bed and a huge king sized bed. The room contained a large widscreen tv a safe we had 2 sinks a standing shower and a beautiful deep bath. The house keeping were great they made the beds and cleaned the room every day to a very high standard making it spotlessly clean. The hotel it self is very grand , there is marbel every where but it is just the right touch ; not to over powering. The Lobby was beautifull , there were fresh flowers , a water feature a lobby shop and many more. As you walked into the hotel a smartly dressed hotel bell boy opened the door and greated you with a smile. The hotel staff were brilliant there was not one grumpyface , they were all so helpfull friendly and looked after your every need. All in all this hotel is an EXELLENT place to stay wheather its for two day or to weeks ; this is the place to stay ; yes it may not be situated bang in the heart of the city centre but who wants to be on top of the hussle and bussle of millions of people on Nathon road and any how the hotel offers a free bus servise to the guests back a forward to the city every hour on the hour , so its no hassle at all .

