when we visit Hong Kong , we normally stay at the Intercontinental. However , this time we were attending a convention at the Convention Centre , so needed to be in Wanchai. So our travel agent booked us a double room on a Club floor

excellent business hotel , attached to the Hong Kong exhibition center. Superb staff. Grand Hyatt quality. Would stay here again .

i have to say the people that work and the Grand Hyatt treat all guests with great respect and have a professionalism and politeness that I have not seen for almost 20 years of travel .

great amenities and service. The views are breathtaking. A quiet space in a very hectic city .

staying in this hotel was one of the best part of my Hong Kong trip and I can never forget this in my life.Be it honeymoon or just a family vacation , if you can afford the stay , you will never regret .

excellent hotel , well located and very clean and spacious. Rooms are of a good standard and the staff could n't be more helpful .

we are regular guests there and as always get a great service , This time we were un fortunate to be upgraded to on of their old suite products and although the rooms are spacious for hong kong and very well equipped DVD , Bose speakers etc overall we did not like this room as much as their normal Grand Club Executive Floor room which are modern and comfortable. The Grand Club lounge is still one of the best places to sip a glass of Champagne while the sun sets down on Hong Kong harbour and the lounge staff are fantastic. The hotel gets very busy during conventions etc but otherwise always makes for a great stay in Hong Kong

great hotel . Food ,dinner by the pool overlooking the harbour on the 15th or so floor was awesome and breakfast had it all.Rooms of course well equipped but you pay a lot in Hong Kong for any half decent well located hotel and this is a very decent very well located hotel ! ! So it is very expensive.The wine bar was ¬ £ 25 for 2 glasses , dinner easily ¬ £ 100 for 2 and the 24 hour stay for about ¬ £ 500 was memorable if dear .

fantastico ! sea view. really beautiful hotel , specially room with sea view. better in warm season for the swimmingpool

my hubby &amp ; I checked in and had a very pleasant surprise. We had a full large bottle of champainge and abox of chocolates and strawberries waiting for us in the room. Reason : my hubby had casually mentioned that we were celebrating our 2nd honeymoon ! This shows that the staff was attentive. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and location was good. We are near to the ferry terminal and shopping mall/MTR station .

i had better expectations of the Grand Hyatt in Hong Kong. When i got there i thought the location in Waichai was good but I thought the bars and restaurant were fairly average. The room i had which faced over the pool area was really average. the bathroom was good having said that , the room was just so-so..Pretty disappointing given the price i would say. There is a lot of competition in Hong Kong and this is just quite middle of the road , and having stayed in other Grand Hyatt 's in China i had greater expectations. So actually on balance it was so average and was not great value so i would have to say i would look elsewhere in future .

i have stayed at the Grand Hyatt HK several times and have found it to be very well located short cab to IFC/city centre/causeway bay clean , modern and has a very good level of customer service. If you can do so , I highly recommend booking the club floor , which serves moet in fact you need to ask the waiters to stop trying to pour you drinks as they are almost too attentive and a great array of hot and cold food. Also in the morning , there is a huge array of food and again , very personable waiters .

we stayed in a suite here for a conference in September.. What a place , luxury , opulance , beautiful. The bed was fantastic. The bathroom beautiful marble. Everything about this place is style and elegance. I wish I could live there. The pool is magic .

i 've often visited Hong Kong on work and through the process of trying out different hotels , have gladly settled on the Grand Hyatt as my hotel of choice

even though the Grand Hyatt is adjacent to a major conference center , I never felt lost in a crowd. Service was prompt , professional and pleasant. The room was modest in size but very well designed - reminded me of a top-end hotel room in Manhattan , where space is at a premium just as it is in Hong Kong. Two criticisms I had no criticisms of Shanghai or Beijing Grand Hyatts : Cell coverage was terrible. Even when I connected , calls were repeatedly dropped. Even the hotel 's wireless service dropped me 3 times in an hour , and it is expensive. Second , service in the Grand Cafe , the core restaurant in the facility , was slow .

stayed 3 nights on business trip to Hong Kong. Outstanding hotel...excellent service , great location. Sure , it is a little pricey....but all nice hotels in the Central Business District are pricey. Excellent service from everyone...from the front desk to the wait staff to doormen , concierge. Harbor room had a great view. Room was very quiet , even though the Convention Center is being expanded and renovated near the hotel...was never a bother. Would go back again .

i recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt Hong Kong whilst attending two conferences at the adjoining HK Convention Centre .

amazing views from the rooms that face the harbour. Superb pool and great spa .

just stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip. Service was very professional as you would expect - check in was a breeze. Room was a good size with very comfortable bed wanted to steal the doona . Bathroom was large - great towels and amenities. Hard to comment on value as it is expensive but for business trip i was very satisfied .

what a lovely hotel ! The Hyatt is fairly new so in comparison to some of the more traditional hotels in Hong Kong it feels very modern and slick .

hong Kong has a great many of comfortable to luxurious hotels at which to stay .

wonderful 5-Star Hotel. First class treatment and professionalism all the way !

i travel to Hong Kong every other two months and found the Grand Hyatt Hong Kong is my favorite hotel,. Despite the fact that the location is not close to shopping centre , however HK is just so small and within 5 min by taxi you will get there. I do n't want to stay in Central , work in Central and spend all my trip in Central. Sometimes it is good to stay away from the business crowd. Again I would rather spend sometime at the fitnes studio / spa to de-stree rather than shop , shop and shop.. .

  night stay in early December at the Grand Hyatt in Wangchai Hong Kong .

we just returned from a 9 night stay at the HK Grand Hyatt. It is a grand hotel indeed , and we enjoyed our stay , but it fell short in some important respects and we did not think it lived up to some of the other Grand Hyatts in Asia. In summary , here are the pros and cons we observed :

my husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. Our double Harbour View room was quite large with a very comfortable bed and a big bathroom. The view looked out to Kowloon and was right above the construction site of the Exhibition Centre - not the most beautiful view and we could hear a little noise even on the 16th floor but certainly interesting ! The room was well serviced and well maintained. I used the gym , which was popular and large I think there are 2 of them and had plenty of new equipment. Breakfast buffet was high standard , as was the buffet lunch - a great view , delicious food and quite an experience eating with the wealthy Hong Kong ladies ! Dinner at Grissini Italian was so nice we went twice. Fresh grissini baked in the restaurant you can not stop at one ! , white truffles over marscapone risotto and an extensive wine list. Add a wonderful view of the city and good service and it is a great place for a special night .

this hotel was the best hotel I have ever stayed at ! The room we had had a full view of the Harbor , my own butler , and fresh fruit basket everyday ! The hotel is connected to a main shopping mall and is in the center of all the action ! The room was spotless and clean , the roomservice was amazing not to mention the incredible food ! Wow is all I can say ! I want to go back there soon ! I traveled with my mother and we had a blast !

we stayed here for three nights at the beginning of a very long vacation in October and was truly a great way to kick off our trip .

beautiful view , good transportation links , friendly staff .

the Grand Hyatt really is very grand. Its size and views onto the harbour are extremely impressive. It is also just minutes walk away from the large conference centre which was hosting the event that we were visiting HK to attend. Given the horrendous traffic situation in HK , we were very glad we chose this location as it made getting to the conference centre stress-free .

i have just returned from another week spent in the Grand Hyatt in Hong Kong and am spurred to write to recommend it to others. Sure it 's not cheap , but no 5 * hotels in HK are , but the rooms are a good size , modern , airy and quiet and the facilities in the hotel are equally good .

we choose this hotel as part of a Cathay 4-day package , so combined with airfares the room rate was acceptable , there is no way I would ever considering paying their advertised rack rate .

stayed once again at the Grand Hyatt in Hong Kong where the welcome and check in efficiency is second to none. I usually book an executive room with harbour views and have access to the executive club for complimentary breakfast and snacks/drinks throughout the day. The club room staff are excellent and are happy to give advice and suggestions on where to visit and shop .

we had a very enjoyable stay at the Grand Hyatt Hong Kong. Service was great - checkin and checkout was efficient , concierge was friendly and knowledgeable. She helped us book ferry tickets to macau and every hotel staff that we walked past greeted us .

during one of my recent visits to Hong Kong , I was persuaded by one of my friends to try the Grand Hyatt instead of Four Seasons where I stayed a couple of times before. I must say that the hotel looks aging but not as bad as some people think they are. Having said that , I must say that their Philips TV is a joke ! ! ! ! Even a 3 star hotel will now have a LCD TV instead of CRT TV. What really disappoints me is the service there. Upon my arrival from a taxi , one of the bell boy came and assisted me. At the same time , there were another 3-4 bellboys and female staff standing around chatting. Neither ‚ Ä ú Welcome ‚ Ä ù nor ‚ Ä ú Good Morning ‚ Ä ù .

stayed for one night in a harbour view room. Considering the price I paid for the room , I am quite disappointed with it .

the hotel is good , but great or exceptional. There are several pros and cons to the hotel .

the Grand Hyatt is a beautiful hotel with a great location. The pool deck has great harbor view , and those doing business at the convention center would be hard pressed to find a better spot. Additionally , it is a 5 minute walk to the Star Ferry Pier and about a 5-10 minute walk to the Wan Chai metro stop. Together , they give you quick access to both Kowloon and Central .

this is going to be a long review , so here is my bottom line : I thought this was an amazing hotel because of the service they provide and would absolutely stay here again , even though it is on the pricey side. We were there for a conference so did n't get to do very much , but we tried to get in as much as possible .

i 've stayed here a number of times over the years and have never been disappointed .

we are a family of 4 with 4 pieces of luggage. We used the GH 's van service from the airport to the hotel. The van was the way to go. The GH 's porters greeted us at the airport and whisked us and our luggage to the waiting luxury van. It was a service that we paid for and was well worth it given how tired we were after the flight and we did n't need any further hassles of getting the right transportation to get to our hotel .

i just came from a not so good experience at the Grand Hyatt Beijing and this experience was quite different in a positive way .

another fantastic stay at the Hyatt HK .

we stayed in this hotel for two nights. It was wonderful. The view from our room is what you come to Hong Kong for .... very romantic. Although we are not good photographers , I think they came out good. See for yourself. The rooms have been modernized and clean. The location is also perfect. We will surely stay here again .

great staff at this hotel , they were all very attentive and quickly responded to all requests. The rooms were great with great view of Kowloon Island .

there is really nothing bad to say about this hotel. Ok being from NY Im used to average service and some tude. The staff at this hotel was top notch from start to finish. Polite , always there , etc .

my husband &amp ; I stayed for 5 nights from 7-12 April 2008 as he attended a week-long conference at this hotel. It was top-notch with marbles &amp ; golds everywhere in a superb location facing the famous panaromic Harbour front view. However , as I was there for holiday read : shopping , good local delicacies I feel that most times , the hotel is too formal , ie. perfect for businessmen , but over the top for casual holiday makers. Everyone wears black suits/formal attires &amp ; the pace is very HongKong-like. Efficient but walks faster &amp ; speaks faster. Warm smiles felt obligatory. There were no shuttle buses to famous spots &amp ; even the info desk guy was not well-informed of the airport shuttle bus schedule which actually pick up/drop off at the Convention Centre next door . Other than this , the hotel room is superb. Thick walls = quietness. To-die-for soft bed , comforter &amp ; pillows. My hubby &amp ; I had wonderful rest &amp ; deep sleep throughout our stay ! Fantastic bathroom large shower &amp ; bathtub . I was not impress with their toiletries shower gels , shampoo , conditioner &amp ; body lotion though , as they were like the generic brand that we expect from other non-5 star establishment .

the hotel is quite nice , as would be expected for a Grand Hyatt. Had a room with a harbor view but probably better views can be had on the Kowloon side looking at Central. Service was most excellent maybe the best I 've had in Asia . Only complaint besides the price was that there were not enough outlets in the rooms. I could only find one after much searching under the desk and finally another one in a closet near the desk a few days later . Not enough outlets for the modern road warrior e.g. , charge the laptop or BlackBerry , but not both at the same time until all the outlets were located .

i was a bit underwhelmed by the hotel. The rooms are relatively small and the furniture and furnishings are modern but a bit bland. For the price of the accommodation there was no real wow factor for me .

public areas too bling for me - lacking in taste - rather like the Trump Tower in NYC....The Champagne Bar is a much classier part of the building and prices are not too horrendous. The rooms are more expensive than the Renaissance next door and with which it shares outdoor facilities . Given the Renaissance is going through a revamp - it might be catching up .

the Grand Hyatt Hong Kong achieved a milestone in totally shattering my expectations .

absolutely beautiful hotel , good location on Hong Kong and close to convention center and ferry station , tram , markets. The rooms were perfect in condition , comfort , size and view. We had a garden/pool view. Plans to spend time in the room might warrant upgrading to harbour view for ~ US $ 90/night. In any event , the higher the floor the better. Buffets for lunch , dinner and desert were huge , comparable in price to other hotel restaurants but at US $ 40-60/person substantially more than eating locally. Facilities like pool and gym were top quality. Service was excellent at all levels. Really no negatives for our stay here .

spent 3 nights in a Harbour view room in September 2007. We arrived early on Sunday morning and although check in was 12 : 00 , we were escorted to our room very efficiently which was great after a 12 hour flight from the UK .

the hotel offers an amazing view of Hong Kong Bay , depending you get a decent floor level .

this hotel had amazing views and it was easy to get everywhere in Hong Kong by taxi or ferry !

our family got 3 rooms at the hotel. The presidential suite and 2 standard rooms on the Grand Club level .

nice room.Nice bathroom.Service was adequate but certainly not even close to a Mandarin standard , uneven quality of waiters.Indeed as a previous reviewer said , English proficiency is not their strongest asset.Good gym.Pay a bit more and stay at the Peninsula in Kowloon .

this was a very nice hotel , however it is not as nice as some of the other Grand Hyatts in China. The first room they gave me had a very bad mold smell , and I had to move out of that room and be put into another room. After I switched rooms , I was very happy. The hotel is clean and very nice. The staff here is excellent ! They gave me lots of recommendations and directions to sites. I would definitely stay here again !

booked a grand harbourview twin room on a non smoking floor for this Hyatt Property. Arrived on a Saturday afternoon which meant a quiet check-in. However the check-in staff does not seem to be proficient in understanding English , which is a slight dissapointment for a Hyatt property. Upon check-in , she offered to accompany us to the room which I declined. Check-in was fast but nothing special besides that .

i 've been to many hotels in the world. But you will hardly find a hotel that has earned the word &quot ; 5 Star&quot ; like this one .

i stayed for the best part of three weeks whilst in HK on business. Amazing place , very modern , one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in , great facilities and as always in HK staff were amazing. If you can go then do , but I would only go if work was paying.....too expensive for my taste .

i stayed 2 nites in Grand Hyatt. The room was spacious and clean. It was near the Star Ferry , about 7 min walk. The MTR was a bit further , about 15 min walk. The pool was located on the 11th floor , it was a decent size. Staffs were attentive. There is quite a nice view. However , I was shocked at the water condition. There were lots of flies , floating in the water ! I do not expect this in a 5 star hotels. To be fair to the hotel , I checked the pool everyday around 10am. I was able to see clearly as I was wearing googles. It is shameful for a 5 star hotel .

i stayed here for one week in January 2007. This is possibly the best large hotel I have stayed at for business travel. For personal travel with anyone this would also be a fantastic hotel , but rates are very pricey .

this would be a great hotel if you were attending a conference at the convention center , but I was not. The location looks better on the map , but really is not walking distance to anything. For this amount of money I would recommend staying someplace much more convenient. The MTR is hike and the restaurants in the vicinity are average .

the Grand Hyatt Hong Kong is somewhere you have to stay once if you are in the neighborhood. It is an impressive , glitzy , glam ode to Las-Vegas-ian excess but somehow manages to avoid the tacky zone. I have stayed here many , many times on business and always found it somewhere one looked forward to staying unlike so many other places... . I love the location in Wan Chai. I love the Zen type peaceful decor and their dessert buffet is to die for ; - ! The service left me a bit cold but just take a look at that lobby and you 'll forget about that service as you gawk .

service was great but room was looking kind of tired. Food outlets were good. Location was so-so. Would prefer a hotel in Admiralty like The Conrad .

we stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a week and the service was good , the

i stayed in a Grand Club executive room and , while the harbour views are wonderful , everything else was disappointing. First and foremost are the beds. In a time when five-star hotels are offering the best in mattresses and linens , the Grand Hyatt 's bed was so mushy there 's no other word for it that I awoke with back and shoulder pain each morning .

we took our children there for 3 nights stayed and the hotel is

our Harbour view rooms were comfortable and the view was well worth grabbing them. There were 8 of us in two families on a deal from our airline and we 'd seen some reviews commenting on the hotel 's emphasis on VIPs. And VIPs we were n't ! But from dealing with a bag lost en route , arranging a doctor to replace medicine , booking us all into a restaurant that did n't take bookings etc etc , the staff all made it a fun and happy visit. It is a little out of the way I guess , for business perhaps , but I agree that it 's easy to get taxis , or take the subway and the ferry from Wan Chai to Kowloon is close and enjoyable. We loved the Intercontinental last time we were here and loved this one too .

we stayed for three night over Xmas. After reading other reviews we booked a room with a partial harbour view. We took the Merc limo from the airport - well worth the 50 quid. Check in was seamless and quick and we were showed to our room. The room was pretty spacious and very modern. The bathroom 's are maybe not to everyone 's taste but lovely to use .

stayed in the Grand Hyatt during the October 2006 - peak season in HK. Got a nice surprise as I was upgraded to a Plateau Spa room. The room has a very heavy Japanese influence - the bed is a mattress on the floor , the large Japanese-style bathtub , the way the room is designed for shoes to be removed at the door as one does in Japanese homes... the list goes on. The balcony overlookind the harbour is a nice bonus .

we got the shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel , but going back we stopped at so many other hotels , it 's worth to pay a bit more and take a taxi .

my husband and I have been regularly visiting this hotel for the past 6 years and there is a very strange pattern = &gt ; restaurants that used to be very good are still very good , i.e. Japanese and Italian restaurants food wise but the service and particularly service from the reception desk check in that used to be good is getting worse and worse. Not smiling staff , not sorry at all when the room you have booked is not available although room type is guaranteed for platinum member , deliberately giving you a smoking room when you asked for a non-smoking room... We have been very disappointed during our last 2 stays. But the upside is very good restaurants and the concierge team is great .

we stayed at the Grand Hyatt for a night in Hong Kong on our way back from China. Check in was good , although our room as a Hyatt Platinum member was one of the few with little view. The hotel is certainly swish , well kept and well staffed. However , the staff seem concerned to keep the VIPs arriving happy - and less concerned with other guests ! The location is quite a walk , through various overhead covered paths , into Central - but a taxi ride in is quick , and costs under HK $ 20. Travelling to Kowloon from the nearby Wan Chai Star Ferry wharf is literally a breeze. We only tried JJ 's bar for drinks - and found the service there pleasant with a good band performing if predictably expensive. We would stay here again - although many HK hotels look nice !

a very classy lady ! What an experience at this hotel. Yes it is expensive but well worth it. We had a harbour view room on the 20th floor , the view is to die for ! A few points that make this hotel stand out for me - check in is quick , cheerful and very very professional. Receptionist escorts you to the lift and presses the floor button , small but nice touch. Another nice touch is that the lifts when not in use are always on the ground floor and the doors are open. Again small point but it is surprising how welcome that seems .

loved the room and the view - the restaurant service let the place down big time. They all seemed far to interested in the local VIP 's and what not and i was left to fend for my self on many occasions. Management dont seem to care about this fact either - shame they can polish this area because the rest shines .

i recently came back to Hong Kong after being an Expat 5 years ago and stayed at the Grand Hyatt because of its proximity to our office and also the great views and JJ 's .

having stayed in Kowloon across harbour from HKG in the Regent , this is unquestionably the BEST hotel in Hong Kong. Location is perfect for day meetings in the city , great at night for cheap taxi rides to the various eating districts. The entire stay was textbook and I spend 100 + + nights/year in hotels on business from registration , showing how the room works , and checkout. Staff incredibly courteous and helpful -- room service exactly on time and an incredible view + bed made for a very memorable 1 night business visit. I ca n't wait to go back and stay in the same room .

one of the best hotels I 've stayed in Asia. The Club Level rooms are not big but comfortable. I was upgraded to a larger room during my last visit. Absolutely loved the decor , contemporary furnishing , black and white photos , marble bathroom... Also really , really enjoyed the food , especially their own Duck Liver Pate. It 's heavenly ! If it was n't my first stop in Asia , I would have bought 2 jars to take home. The lunch and dinner buffet were also very nice. The selection of food was probably not as large as some of the hotel buffets in HK and Taipei , but the quality was absolutely impressive. They also have a dessert buffet at the Tiffin Lounge from 4pm to 1am with many tasty sweets , chocolates , cheese , both Chinese and Western , to choose from. The lobby is a good peopole watching spot , especially weekend evenings. Although the price is fairly high but not higher than other 5 star hotels in the region , I will definitely stay there again .

lovely hotel , great service , large , nicely appointed rooms .

great room overlooking the bay , great spa , wonderful food , but I could n't help feeling disappointed overall. Service was n't that great and the hotel did look a bit dated and tired to me. They 've recently done a refurb to the hotel , and some of the decor does n't feel right. Would stay again , but no longer the grand dame of HK .

not a lot to say but compliments to the chef. great hotel visually the room which i thought was just basic initiall before going there was more than basic. very comfortable with gold color plating throughout the bathroom.fast high speed internet connection for about $ 20usd per 24hrs. caught a limo from the airport for 730 hong king dollars. great service as they were waitng for me as soon as i got out of immigration and found their desk. the room had plenty of refrigerated snacks you have to pay for em ' the bathroom had a large tub kind of jacuzzi and a great shower. this was all first class and the price fits. the hotel has mediocre hospitality except the bell hops. they dont expect a tip so dont feel guilty if you dont tip anything anywhere. the hotel missed my wake-up call on my day of departure. the hotel had a bar inside with a live band which rocked. for you single guys/gals easy to bring your catch from the bar up via the 2nd floor mezzanine. the only negative i can say is about the bar because it has a lot of high dollar prostitutes pretending/acting like regular people hangin around on one side the bar and normal regular ladies who dont trust you because all the hookers on the other side. you can almost tell the difference. taxi 's are cheap as it can get to get to nearby attractions and suburbs. a good 20 minute + walk from the hotel will put you in the mainstream. i did n't like the food , but i did n't eat everything on the menu also. i brought with me beef jerky and energy bars to supplement. overall my personal rating is 9.5 out of 10 and is recommended for an easy choice .

stayed for two nights on business in late February. The location is , in relative terms , in the middle of nowhere. It ‚ Ä ô s fine if you ‚ Ä ô re attending the convention centre , which is adjacent , but otherwise you ‚ Ä ô ll need a taxi to get around to Central , etc. The lobby and public areas are typical Asian international hotel marble , chandeliers , glitz and glamour ‚ Ä ì in my opinion a bit garish and dank. I checked in late evening and it took a long time to find a room that was non-smoking a Hong Kong colleague had warned me beforehand that the hotel is ‚ Ä ú smoke everywhere ‚ Ä ù and , indeed , in the lobby area there was smoke wafting everywhere when I arrived : perhaps I was just unlucky . In the end I was sent up with my luggage to a room which turned out to be ‚ Ä ì Smoking. And it smelled horrible. Back downstairs with my luggage , it now heading on for mid-night and another wait while the Reception staff member spend what seemed like ages tapping into his keyboard. Eventually I got a non-smoking room , feeling tired and disappointed that my preferences were always clear on the Hyatt website. The room was fine but unspectacular. It did have a full harbour view , for which my company was forced to pay a hefty premium , but was quite small compared with , say , The Conrad or original Mandarin Oriental , and lots of odd little cupboards and switches , supposedly to make the place seem interesting , but just a bit frustrating from my point of view. The bathroom was Liberace over-the-top marble , mirrors and gold taps , etc ‚ Ä ì all clean but , again , all a bit garish to my taste. Breakfast just off the lobby area was fine , but I seemed to confuse the chef who was stocking up the buffet by asking for a ‚ Ä ú mixed omelette ‚ Ä ù I got one via a waiter in the end , it took quite some time to arrive but was OK to taste . So , overall , a good enough hotel , that charges high rates , has lots of glitz , but little character or anything to dofferentiate itself , and the rooms and service are merely average by Hong Kong standards. I ‚ Ä ô d return to somewhere more central next time .

stayed here having come from the Grand Hyatt in Shangahai , what a great hotel. Impressive visually , good service , nice rooms , good restaurant , well located overlooking the harbour and a couple of minutes walk from the Star Ferry. And the singer in the champagne bar is a real doll .

grand Hyatt Hong Kong is one of the older Grand Hyatt hotels Bangkok , Jakarta , HK , Taipei &amp ; Seoul that were ambitiously conceptualized in the early 90s as grand hotels. These Grand Hyatts are easily identified by their magnificent atrium lobbies ; well appointed rooms ; and superior health &amp ; recreation facilities with large free form pool. However , at the turn of the century , the trend has shifted towards minimalism &amp ; contemporary design , which was quickly adopted by newer Grand Hyatts Shanghai , Beijing and adapted by older Grand Hyatts .

stayed for 2 nights over Xmas. Used points to upgrade to the Club floor. No change in the rooms at all as far as I could see but the Club lounge was a real boon. Just a really nice relaxing space with a great view of the harbour. Extensive breakfast buffet and just as substantial in the evening. Staff were helpful and attentive. We enjoyed it too much and rather wasted the booking to the One Harbour Road Chinese restaurant. We 'd only intended catching a drink before the restaurant but were sated by the time we got down there. Really you would n't need anything but the lounge .

i travel to Hong Kong often and have sampled both the Peninsula and Island Shangi-la , which along with the Grand Hyatt , I would have to argue constitute the three best hotels in Hong Kong , but I continue to come back to the Grand Hyatt .

having travelled overnight from the UK to Hong Kong , we were met at the airport by one of the hotel limos , and whisked to the hotel on Hong Kong island. We were greeted on the steps and taken straight up to the Plateau Spa reception. As we had arrived in the morning , our room deluxe with terrace was n't ready , and so we were given another Plateau room to make full use of - totally unexpected ! We got the key for our own room at lunchtime , and it was stunning - very large by HK standards , terrace overlooking the harbour , and fabulous wet room incorporating a granite whirlpool bath. Top class bathroom products - from the Australian company Aesop. The room rate includes a great 'healthy ' breakfast ie no fry-up ! in the spa garden , and also cocktails and canapes in the evening. The concierge service provided at the Plateau reception was also top notch - lots of help choosing and booking restaurants etc. You must go to Aqua Kowloon for drinks and dinner - it 's located at the top of a highrise , with fab views back across to HK island. Indochine HK Island is also great if you like Vietnamese food. Back at the hotel , the swimming pool and surrounding decks are expansive , and the hotel 's 'One Harbour Road ' restuarant served excellent and authentic Chinese food. Despite what alot of people say , we found no issue with the hotel location - less than 5 minutes walk to the Star Ferry terminal , and not much further to the MTR station. All in all a fantastic few days , and one I look forward to repeating very soon ! !

after staying in many top hotels in HKG this was my first trip to the Grand Hyatt

my husband and I spent 3 nights at the Plateau Spa in the Grand Hyatt , Hong Kong for our honeymoon in June 2005. The location was perfect , the service was impeccable , the rooms were amazing , clean , and modern see photos , and the food was fantastic. Ca n't imagine having stayed in a tiny room at the insanely touristy Peninsula across the river we visited for tea and it was a mob scene . I highly recommend the Plateau Spa at the Grand Hyatt for an unforgettable experience .

i have stayed at this hotel for a week every year since 1998. It just keeps going down hill. The service is now appalling. I was given a smoking room when I checked in , when I had explicitly asked for a non-smoking room. So they asked me to stay in the smoking room one night and moved me the next day. I had asked for an adjoining room for the kids who were joining me a couple of days later. When the kids arrived , the adjoining room had already been 'released ' to another guest and they offered a room a couple of doors down. When I nixed that , they suggested I move yet again. When they moved me , I realized the rooms they gave me were smoking rooms !

we stayed at the GHHK for 9 days earlier this month and it was a great experience. The hotel is by no means cheap , however ask about corporate discounts when you book. We did n't get one , but our travelling companions did get a reduction in their room rate because of a company affiliation .

a solid business hotel : I stay there relatively often. The service is very responsive and the room has useful amenities , good pillows and a comfy bed. Lovely lounge singer with her bass and piano colleagues in the Champagne bar do Diana Krall so well... .

we stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 3 nites , end October. What impressed me was the level of service they had right from the doorstep the valets/porters/concierge/recepton and even to the restaurant staff 's service. Excellent service and always with a smile ! And the housekeeping was meticulous and generous .

