i stayed at this hotel for 2 nights because of its location and low prices. We were able to get rooms for about $ 100 while many hotels were sold out or at $ 140 + + a night. This hotel was not half as bad as the reviews say. No , it did not &quot ; smell of urine&quot ; as indicated by one of the previous reviews. I thought that it was pretty clean. The lobby was large and had a few couches for waiting. We tried to check in early at noon and the rooms were not available , but the staff let us stow our luggage and go out to explore the city while we waited for the rooms to be ready. Eventually they were ready by 1pm , and we were allowed to check in early and were upgraded to an executive non-smoking room. The hotel was implementing a &quot ; smile campaign&quot ; and all of the staff was extremely helpful. They brought up our checked luggage to the room after we checked in. I did find the english of the registration staff a little bit difficult to understand .

it was a short notice trip so I decided to book a hotel room in Guangdong Hotel for myself , my wife and her 23 year old niece .

we stayed 7 nights at the Guangdong Hotel , it was everything a busy tourist needs , great location , great price , crisp clean sheets , icy air conditioning and lots of piping hot water after a long day out on the town .

on our way back from Bali we took a short break in Hong Kong for 2 days for shopping and getting a glimpse of this mega city with my family. We were told to stay close to Nathan Street if we want to shop and Hotel Guangdong was suggested to us by our travel agent .

the room was okay though it was kinda small you do n't need a big room since you 're always out accommodating and nice people. The hotel is close to the MTR station and other shopping places .

would agree with some of the other comments viz. good location , hard beds , small room , entrance down a sidestreet. We were there on New Year 's eve and the was a noisy nightclub on the opposite side of the street. The bathroom was in need of an upgrade and was the worst of those experienced during our visit to HK , Oz and NZ. Went for the 'Continental Breakfast ' in the restaurant and after having 3 pieces of toast I was told in no uncertain terms by a rather brusque lady that we were only allowed 2 pieces per person ! ! Stayed for 2 nights with 3 people in the room and were very cramped but had expected this. 10/15 min. walk to the Star Ferry pier .

the hotel is in an excellent location.rooms were small but then hong kong hotels have small rooms.there are lots of indian as well as other restaurants nearby.7/11 and tube mtr are practically next door.a very good location to stay in .

we will never stay in this hotel again ! ! ! !

i have a love-hate relationship with hongkong. The night life is very vibrant and i love it... you get a beautiful range of local to high end food/products .

the location is good and things like small room , hard beds - well , you gets what you gets for this price. No complaint there , but a coffee sachet would not hurt .

i was staying at GuangDong hotel located at TST. This is my 1st time to HK , I was shocked when I saw the hotel was located directly at the side of a road. I supposed it is normal in HK. The room size is slightly small but not too bad. The location is quite good as it easily accessible to TST MTR station and many shops and eatery around. I saw the some website rate the hotel as 4 stars. hmm...I think it should be 3 stars only .

this hotel is located right near Nathan and Canton Rds which are the main shopping areas of HK. It 's also right beside an area full of restaurants and bars , not far from the ferry or the Airoport Express train terminal etc .

this is not one of the best hotels I 've stayed in but for the price and location it is definitely good enough !

we are never going back to GDH !

the Guangdong Hotel is a business class hotel with bland decoration but with a comfortable environment. The rooms were a good size but we struggled fitting in two large rucksacks so they wouldn â € ™ t get in the way. The bed was very , very hard but we were used to fairly hard beds so we were OK. A TV is in the room with many channels with only some in English but a desk and power points are provided for use , with good lighting throughout the room. The hotel is very clean with little clutter .

we booked the room through a travel agency as part of a total package. The agency staff told us the hotel was refurbished not too long and comfortable for leisure stay. In fact , we had to pay slightly more for this hotel .

was there from 20 - 24th Dec. had the normal double room. was surprised at the size wen i got in the room. It was spacious ! ! location is near to TST MTR Exit A2. It 's less than 5 mins walk to the station. There is about 4 clubs/pubs across the hotel. staff service is reasonably &quot ; ok&quot ; . loved the location and the room and that 's about it. you can get your breakfast directly opposite the hotel. it the standard teahouse in hong kong which serves good/cheap food. there is also a restaurant on the left of the hotel. just turn left when you are out and you can see the signs of the restaurant. the place starts at 8am for their dim sums. try it ! there 's 7-Eleven and K-mart along the same street. you have everything here. Granville is just 2 street behind .

this hotel is perfectly located in the heart of Kowloon. It is close to the Star Ferry , subway , shopping , restaurants , the park , etc. The lobby is nice and clean , which is why it is always in the photos. The rooms are quite dirty. The carpets are filthy , and you will need to wear shoes in the room. It amazes me that management allows the rooms to stay like this. The bathroom has a drain that sends the smell of sewage into the bathroom and sometimes into the room. I had to cover my nose. The bed is fine. The staff are not particularly friendly , but they do their job. No greeting , no smiles , just a look that says &quot ; What do you want ? &quot ; We enjoyed being in the heart of Hong Kong , but would NEVER stay in Guangdong Hotel again. Spend a few more bucks and stay someplace decent .

my parents and I recently booked this hotel through Orbitz. We were given a rate of $ 1080 HKD about $ 139 US for a room for three. By the time we arrived at the hotel , the rate had gone up to $ 1360. Apparently , we had booked a double room and there was a charge of $ 250 HKD for an additional bed. This was not made very clear on the Orbitz website. We were not pleased with this increase , but kept the room anyway. Six days later when we went to check out , the rate had gone up to $ 1610. They had double charged us for the extra bed. After about an hour of frustrating negotiations with the manager on duty , we were able to get our rate back down to $ 1360. If it were n't for this hassle over our room rate , I would say this was a decent hotel. Rooms were small and simple , but clean. Our room needed new carpet , though. The best selling point of this hotel was its location , right in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsiu .

i 've stayed here 4 times as I usually get a decent deal online. The rooms are smallish but bigger than the Kowloon Ramada which are tiny. Two restaurants which I would n't recommend but being in the heart of Kowloon you can step out the door and find anything you like. There 's a Delifrance around the corner on Chatham Road which is great for breakfast and very inexpensive. Nice enough lobby if you need to sit and wait for someone. There 's internet access in the business centre but you need to pay a bit for it. Short walk to Nathan Road , subway MTR , Pizza Hut , KFC , McD 's .

this was not even the three star hotel. The staff was rude. The room

hiya,

i stayed with family in 2 rooms in Guongdong hotel. The hotel rooms were good and neat. This hotel attracts more customers because of the convenient location , customer service and quality of the rooms. I will choose this hotel to stay next time as well. Rating is above average. Try it and you will feel happy. Worth the money .

our stay with Guangdong hotel was great. We did not expect it to be as beautiful as it was considering the cheap price we paid for it. The people were nice , very accommodating and fluent in english. The toilet and bath was cool. I never expected to have an elegant bathtub in our room. The place was near shopping areas and restaurants and mtrs as well. We felt safe walking in the streets til dawn. We will surely recommend it to our friends and we will come back in the future .

situated on the Tsimshatsui , very convienemce place for shopping and there are best restraunts in Hongkong. 5 minutes walk to subway station and there are airport shuttle bus just around the quarter. Like other buildings in the area its hotel have over 20 floors. the breakfast was not included and that doesnt make things worse because I found many chinese tea restaruants serving cantonese style breakfast around the corner and that 's cheaper than what it would cost in the hotel

