what a let down from the sights of shanghai , Dissapointing views. Took a few days to get use to the area , but it does have a lot to offer , Free shuttle bus to shopping areas. A supermarket just down the road , views over to hong kong island. Night time light show. We would recommend the island coach tour. Just not what we had exspected of Hong kong. Stanley market is must. along with a trip up the hill side rail car. great shopping for duty free goods. very exspecive area , nothing much in walking distance but good bus servie anf fee shuttle buss service. local resturants well over priced , good food in the hotel and nothing is to much trouble. Would stay on hong kong island next time more choice and better shopping , roof top swiming pool is brill , great view over the point area and the old airport .

before booking this hotel we had researched other peoples reviews and after various factors were taken into consideration we took the plunge spending 5 nights in a superior harbour view room with spectacular views , we were not disappointed with our choice , right on the front but in a quiet location within easy walking distance if you wished to explore further a field or you could use the free shuttle bus the hotel provides every 30 minutes to get into the heart of the main shopping area , the bus runs up to 2300 hrs every evening to either Mody Road or Hankow Road which is right next to the Peninsular Hotel close to Nathan Road and within 5 minutes walk of the star ferry terminal which only costs 2 dollars to take you across to the main Hong Kong island where a trip up the peak tram is not to be missed - be warned long queues are always expected at weekends and the best time to visit is in the mornings on a sunny day because the mist starts to decend early afternoon which can lead to loss of visibilty and the outstanding views ! Now back to the hotel , check-in was quick , friendly and efficent and the staff were always curtious. We were on a bed a breakfast deal where the choice for breakfast was brilliant. The price for the evening meal may seem expensive when compared to other local establishments nearby but in our opinion you get what you pay for - quality does not come cheap ! Overall an excellent break to be highly recommended. Please note change of name from January 2010 to Harbour Grand Kowloon .

we have just returned from a 7 nite stay at the Harbour Plaza. We were given Superior Harbourview Rooms and the view was stunning. We were lucky as we had mostly clear days so our views were worth staying here. The view from the rooftop pool was equally amazing. Unfortunately the Spa Pool was not a heated one so it was n't very nice to use .

this is a superb hotel with very large comfortable rooms and all amenities needed for business. We found the staff very friendly and always willing to help

staff was unfriendly.....food was way too expensive to dine in... .

i had a fantastic stay with Harbour Plaza Hong Kong for the 3 days that i was staying there. The hotel was quipped with all the facilities and amenities that a traveller would need be it for leisure or for business. Their swimming pool overlooks the habour which is fantastic in my view as it is seldom seen in most hotels. WIFI and meeting rooms are also available within the hotel. I was given a harbourview room which has an amazing view of the sea. The room was clean and spacious with an equally spacious bathroom. The bathroom itself has a seperate bathtub and standing sHower which i really liked .On top of that , the hotels provides many channels on the TV which we can view for free. One thing which I did n't like was the amount of mirrors that can be found in the room. There was one huge mirror just right infront of the beds and being a superstitious chinese , I did n't quite like it. As Harbour Plaza was situated in Whampoa , I was worried that we might have troubles getting around as it seemed quite out of the way. But , the hotel provides a shuttle bus service to Hung Hom MTR &amp ; TST which arrives every half hourly. This really helped us a great deal in getting around. Travelling back to the hotel via cab was not expensive too. I spent about HKD 40 travelling from Mongkok and about 80HKD from Causeway Bay. The surroundings are pretty safe and secure to roam about even if you are travelling alone. There are lots of cafes nearby that area so there is no need to worry about the rumbling tummy. On a sidenote , the shops around that area close pretty early around 10pm. So there is not much to see at night except to enjoy the sea breeze and calm night. The warmth and hospitality of the staffs can be felt throughout our stay. I would definitely return given a chance and recommend this hotel to my family &amp ; friends .

my husband and I stayed here over several stop overs whilst traveling around and found this hotel to me beautiful , in a brilliant quiet but easily accessible spot. The view from a harbour view room is just amazing , I would recommend trying to get on overlooking both Kowloon and Hong Kong Island as you can see out to the islands in the sea and this is the direction that the sun sets I am of course bias in the view as my husband proposed over a champagne breakfast .

great hotel , perfect view , good location close to the ferry

spent 2 nights there. The room is large and comfortable and the hotel is good value in general. Although there are many groups , weddings , etc... this remaisn tolerable. Only the location is not very convenient and made us jump in a taxi more often than we had wished. The view over HK skyline is spectacular

we booked this hotel based on the high Trip Advisor ratings , and for the first time ever those ratings totally let us down. It was n't just that we had an unlucky experience - the hotel 's fundamentals just plain suck for this kind of money .

very comfortable and luxury stay. The pool was very exciting - it is on a higher level of the hotel and you have a direct view over the Hong Kong skyline .

stayed here for 3 nights in May 2009. Our flight arrived very early and we were at the hotel before 9a.m. Although having emailed ahead and requesting an early check in , they informed us that as they had been completely full the night before this was not possible. We were asked to come back at midday but we just left our bags , went out and about and got back late afternoon .

at first glance the Harbour Plaza hotel may seem a little out of the way for the main sights of Hong Kong but this was not a problem at all. Taxis to the nearest station were about Â £ 3 and the Star Ferry was a 5 minute walk away. Taxis to Kowloon were also very cheap. Upon arrival we were given a double upgrade to an amazing room with a beautiful harbour view , which was practically a suite it was so large. The in hotel restaurants are very expensive but the buffet is incredible with such a huge variety and the staff are very friendly and helpful. All in all , the end of our trip was outstanding mainly due to our luck with the room upgrade .

this hotel is fantastic. The room was a good size overlooking the harbour. Booked a King bed harbour view room and it didnt disappoint. Room , as with the entire hotel and most of HK was spotless. Restaurant food was very good. Breakfast was as expensive as you would expect so most days we ate out for breakfast. The Chinese restaurant was excellent , really good food and great service. The hotel is , as others have mentioned , a little further out - however the Hung Hom star ferrry terminal is only a few steps away , Taxis are very cheap and buses even cheaper. If you want the nightlife and to be just a few steps from HK island or Nathan road then pick a hotel close - but I 'd stay here again for the quality and service. We didnt find it a problem being further out - it was nice to relax on the ferry for a few minutes longer after a hectic day and take in the lights !

thought this hotel was top class. The rooms were perfect for a couple-amazing views for a very reasonable price I believe-not easy to find .

i 'm so surprised to see so many good comments about this hotel cause there is absolutely nothing special... A location very so so in Whampoa Gardens , a district of HK located on Kowloon side but where everything closes around midnight ; a design very dated with a lot of gold , lion heads , fountains but just completely &quot ; has been&quot ; or just good for chinese weddings besides , every day , you can enjoy the ugly super kitsh special decoration in the lobby... if you enjoy this kind of stuff... ; a breakfast with a view for sure but with no quality at all and an arrogant and unefficient staff and a room very dark if you do n't choose the Harbour view cause it 's facing an other building and this is simply the best way to depress.. .

stayed at Harbour Plaza , Hong Kong mid September 2009 for a week .

my new husband &amp ; I recently spent the first part of our honeymoon here before going on to Bali .

we stayed here for the 5th or 6th time in August 2009 .

my wife and I just spent 5 wonderful days in Hong Kong staying at the Harbour Plaza hotel close tyo the Whampoa shopping district near Hung Hom. Right from the moment we arrived , we were made to feel very special - nothing was too much trouble. Even unprompted the hotel supplied birthday cake and wine foc for my wife 's unannounced birthday !

when we arrived it had just turned dark. Mr G opened our door and helped bring the bags into the hotel. Throughout our stay he remembered both our first names and last names which to say he only helped with our bags for 2 minutes was amazing. The hotel is fantastic and the views of Hong Kong island are great. The only thing against it is the unless you are by the rooftop pool you can not see the whole of the skyline when the light show starts. Food was great both in and out of the hotel and the service was as high as we expected !

the view as you enter the hotel is amazing - panaromic views of Hong kong Island .

i booked this hotel with slight reservation , due to comments regarding its location , however , I was delighted with my stay .

my husband and our 2 friends stayed at Harbour Plaza for 5 nights , got home on thursday .

we recently stayed at the Habour Plaza , 11 August 2009 to 16 August 2009. I chose this hotel based on the reviews posted on Tripadvisor. This is a truly 5 star hotel and great value for money. All the staff were friendly and willing to go the extra mile. The cost of dining at the in house Prominade was a bit excessive for the family of four we tried to room service. Room service was outstanding , all promises we kept and the qulaity of the food was fantastic. The hotel is easily accessible by Ferry 5min walk , Kowloon Station 10min by taxi . The amenities such as the gym , swimming pool , jacuzzi , are well maintained. The room size was reasonable , two double beds for 2 adults and two kids. The hotel is spotless and will definetely stay at this hotel for my next visit .

the view from our room was stunning ! Being built right at the waterfront opposite the HongKong Island , the location is perfect for exploring Kowloon , and it is easy to go where ever you want. The staff was friendly , the rooftop pool spectacular and the rooms nicely furnished. I recommend it !

this is a genuine 5 star hotel situated in Kowloon Hong Kong. Originally we were looking for something for a little less in terms of rate per night like Metro Hong Kong in the city but were really glad we 'd chosen Harbour Plaza Kowloon once we were on the ground .

hotel is very nice and especially lobby looks great. We had a regular harbour view room and it was clean and roomy. The hotel is located near the Star ferry terminal and you can get to Hong Kong island in 30 minutes. With subway and free shuttle it takes at least an hour. Next time we will stay at the Hong Kong side .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza for four nights prior to continuing to the Maldives for our honeymoon at the start of september 2008. We were amazed by the cleanliness and grandeur of the foyer as we entered. We were checked in right away as there were many staff at the desk ready to deal with guests. The staff were extremely helpfull and even upgraded us to a harbour view room free of charge. The room was spacious and had an amazing view of the harbour and over to Hong Kong Island. The bathroom was equally spacious and had a large walk in shower as well as a bath. The pool which is situated on the roof of the hotel provided amazing views over the harbour , the pool is a good size and there is also a rooftop jaccuzzi and bar alongside the pool. The gym looked impressive not that we ever used it ! . Great choice of food at breakfast , great room service and lovely terrace bar outside hotel on waterside where you can eat and enjoy views. Would reccommend to make use of the free shuttle bus from the hotel that drops off and collects at the penninsula hotel , making getting around kowloon hassle free. Overall an excellent experience would return tomorrow , staff very helpful and great concierge .

we ` ve just returned from a 3 days stay at the Plaza and would certainly recommend it. The room was very spacious and immaculate clean. The bathroom was well equipped but no hair dryer , elegant and big enough. We had a harbour room view and enjoyed the hours before midnight sitting in an armchair and watching the spectacular skyline. Well , you don ` t see much further than to the Bank of China building , but that ` s still amazing .

  Minutes from Nasthan road - the views over the harbour are fantastic and can not praise the high class chinese restaurant on the 2nd floor high enough. We ate ther 4 times - the menu and the service were 10/10. It is a wee bit pricey but worthy every cent

the service of the hotel staff was excellent. From checkin to checkout , they were always willing to help. Room service was good. We had a harbour view room , with large windows to look at all the ships and boats passing through the channel. The hotel had a nice rooftop pool and adequate gym. The hotel is located away from the hustle and bustle of nathan road , but the shuttle bus service runs every half hour and is very reliable. This hotel is definitely up there amongst the best .

due to our flight we got there at 8am they told us even thought check in was not till 2pm we could have to room at 11am it was actually 10.30am The room was great , great view of Hong Kong island , it was very spacious. We were actually upgraded free of charge also so I would definitely class it value for money. The rooms are well looked after in terms of housekeeping they are very thorough when cleaning .

stayed here with kids and hubby for 7 days or so. This hotel is clearly more suited to a business market , but they tolerated us well .

i can not recommend the hotel enough. Excellent service and attention to detail. I would strongly recommend paying the extra HKD300 for a harbour view room. The pool had the most underbelievable view of HK harbour. The shuttle bus to Kowloon took about 10 minutes and was very reliable we also took advantage of the Star Ferry terminal a few minutes walk away. Taxis are very inexpensive in HK so in the later hours it was a cheap ride home. The local shopping centre was a few minutes walk away and offered eveything you could ask for and a relief from the crowds of down town Kowloon. Lots of local restaurants in the Wauchope area , get a map from Concierge. We had a small problem and it was resolved quickly and without a fuss. The Hotel Manager was very apologetic. We would stay here again when next in HK .

at first glance , the Harbour Plaza HK seems like a lovely hotel. The entrance is very nice , with a grand staircase and the hotel 's location on the water .

returning from a family holiday in Thailand , we took the opportunity of a stop-over in Honk Kong at the Harbour Plaza to break up the long journey back to the UK .

stayed at this hotel for two nights at the start of a 3 week tour of China. Got lucky and had a free upgrade to a 1 bedroom apartment because they were busy. Room had panoramic view of Hong Kong Harbour see my photos . Roof top pool amazing and a great place to view the Hong Kong skyline. Breakfast was included and excellent range - especially for Chinese food. Chef can make omelettes and noodle dishes to order giving plenty of variety for an extended stay. Got a real taste for Chinese dumplings and pork/beef buns. The only downside to this hotel is that it is slightly out of the centre of Kowloon. No cheap local restaurants either. The close by Star Ferry terminal is the cheapest and easiest way to get around , however the Star Ferry stops service at around 7pm each day so expect a few Taxi fares if staying out late. Using the nearest metro station Hanghong is not a good option as it does n't easily connect to the main tourist sites. The best option to take the metro to Kowloon then get a Taxi back to hotel though this could cost Y30 or more per trip. High class hotel at a very reasonable price Â £ 100 per night .

just got home from a fantastic holiday. The Air france flight was superb , the hotel was fantastic , the gym basic but had everything. The pool was never crowded and the views were outstanding. The restaurants were pricey but great deals on two for one drinks in the hotels bar the waterfront and whampoa drinks lounge .

my friend and I stayed for 3 nights at this hotel and we both agreed that though this hotel somewhat quite far from the main attractions TST , we were glad that we can come back to the hotel to actually rest , away from traffic noise. The free shuttle every 30 mins was convenient , we were dropped not far from Peninsula and Harbour City. We also received free buffet breakfast each morning and we loved them. The staff is nice and helpful .

we greatly enjoyed our 3 night stay in the Harbour Plaza. It is a 10 minute taxi ride from Kowloon downtown Tsim Sha Tsui but the hotel runs a courtesy bus service every half hour each way to downtown. There is also a courtesy bus from the airport. The hotel is a 2 minute walk away from the Hunghom Star Ferry terminal. We had a &quot ; Superior Harbour View&quot ; room on the eighth floor with great views across Victoria Harbour , but could not see as far as Central and Victoria Peak.. The hotel is very clean and bright , the staff friendly and efficient. The lifts are also extremely quick , we never had to wait long for one. All food in the hotel is quite expensive. Breakfast Â £ 18 was buffet style and excellent with plenty of choice. The Corner Cafe Bar is also recommended for snacks. The hotel laundry service is also excellent , but expensive. I would think that the prices charged reflect the quality of the hotel and are par for the course in Hong Kong .

harbour Plaza is an elegant high-end hotel , but what separates it from the many other excellent hotels in Kowloon is its prime waterfront location at the edge of the Whampoa district. The hotel occupies an ideal harbor-side spot , and the harbor-view rooms feel as though you are quite literally hanging over the water. From my 12th floor room the ground was no longer in sight , and it felt like being on the prow of ship plying the harbor. There is also a long harbor promenade with excellent views of Hong Kong Island , though it can be quite windy out there. The rooms are modern and comfortable , and the mini bar filled with a more interesting selection of healthier foods than is typical. The lobby breakfast buffet is enormous and the food very good , with a large assortment of hot and cold items , several international sections , and made-to-order eggs or omelettes. The hotel staff is very helpful , almost overly so. When I stayed in the room to work for a few hours one afternoon there must have been half a dozen interruptions to check this or refill that , to ask if I had any cleaning to pick up - would n't I have let them know if I had cleaning ? The hotel is a convenient 5 minute walk from the Hung Hom ferry landing to Hong Kong Island. The only real difficulty I ran into at the Harbour Plaza is that there is another larger , more well known but from what I saw not as nice Harbour Plaza hotel a short distance away. This is the Harbour Plaza Metropolis , and twice in 3 days I was taken there by mistake when I got in a taxi and was not paying attention to our route. This may get better as the hotel has been there longer , but it â € ™ s important to specify in a taxi that you want the Whampoa Harbour Plaza , and/or that you do NOT want the Metropolis. It â € ™ s a good idea to have the hotel desk write the name and address in Chinese characters on a card for you , since few taxi drivers speak much English. If you end up at the Metropolis by mistake , get back in a taxi and have them take you to the correct hotel. Though the hotels are just about a mile apart , the configuration of the roads makes it virtually impossible to walk from one to another .

after a great deal of research we decided to stay at the Harbour Plaza Hotel , Hong Kong. We were not disappointed .

i stayed at the Harbour Plaze for 3 nights when I was in Hong Kong on a Business Trip. The Hotel is perfect for Business Travelers .

don â € ™ t mix this with the other Harbour Plaza hotels. This one is right on the water. We were upgraded to a terrific club room. The breakfast was great , the location can not be beat â € ” good ferry service from the Kowloon side , including a ferry very near the hotel. Nice rooftop pool , with a view across the water. Highly recommended .

we spent 3 nights at The Harbour Plaza on our way back from a trip to the UK. The Harbour Plaza is an absolutely fantastic place to stay. Absolutely luxurious. You ca n't get any closer to the harbour. Everything was 5 * * * * * . We had a couple of meals in the hotel which were first class. The view from the room was exceptional .

mbsb , Oswestry , England , UK

one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. The only one in Hong Kong so I have no comparison , but this was a truly memorable experience as far as hotels go. I was there with a group of 4 friends and we all loved it .

while the size of the room and view of the harbour was good , the location is not terrific as you have to catch shuttle bus to anywhere of consequence Star Ferry Terminal and TST . While the rooms are fine , spacious , and good chairs , they are a bit dated ... reminded me of hotels from mid 1980s. For example the equipment in the gym is a bit out of date and the paintings and mirrors are framed in shiny gold. And the pool looks nothing like the picture on the website ! However , if you were travelling with a family on a moderate budget with time to be bothered with shuttle buses , this would be an acceptable hotel and reasonable value for money .

clean , peaceful and on the Kowloon bay...views are fantastic , and the rooms spacious and well-maintained .

the Harbour Plaza is a beautiful hotel. The service was excellent , the rooms very spacious and breakfast was outstanding ! We enjoyed the location , finding it a refuge from the busier areas and fun to take the Star Ferry all over the place ! I did n't want to leave and look forward to going back. I would always stay here. It 's luxurious at a fraction of the cost on the other side of the water. The hotel also has a spectacular rooftop pool ! !

this is a very nice hotel in a vibrant city , but I have to disagree with those who say it is a great value .

service , service , service....very attentive and responsive staff. Comfortable rooms , great showers. Phenomenal buffet. I hate buffets but this was an unreal delicious combo of authentic local fare as well as standard north american staples.. Offbeat location but 15 min cab ride or ferry ride to anywhere that matters. Excellent bang for your buck. Bar next door has a fairly good beer and cigar selection. Concierge , housekeeping , bellboys , front desk , and doormen were all world class .

we stayed in Harbour Plaza for 3 nights as a stopover returning from Sydney. It was recomended to us by my daughter who stayed there as part of her honeymoon in 2007 and we were not disappointed. We booked a limousine to and from the airport and it was 1st class , we chose a club level harbourview room which was excellent we made full use of the complimentary breakfast , afternoon snack and evening drinks as well as free internet use and laundry service. We felt it was worth the extra cost and good value. Our room was clean , spacious and maintained to a very high standard. The grill dining room is expensive but we still used it twice , quality was very good as was our meal at the Waterfront restaurant ,which also has a very good band who took the time to come and chat to us during their break. The hotel has good views across the harbour however we could barely see the other side because of the mist , still managed to sunbathe though at rooftop pool despite the conditions and at least it didnt rain. We used the stopover as a relaxation break rather than doing sightseeing however I did want to go up Victoria Peak but it would have been a waste of time and money as you couldnt see anything I did try to go but got the wrong ferry there are only 2 ! which is only 5 minutes from the hotel. We enjoyed our stay at the Harbour Plaza and must thank Mr Billy Wan for his numerous friendly emails from the time we booked the hotel in mid 2008. We would stay again at this hotel but would likely do some tours as well .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza for one night en-route to New Zealand. The rooms were spacious and the Harbour View excellent .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong for 8 nights in February 09 , and would go back there in a minute ! ! This was our 3rd trip to Hong Kong....the hotel where we stayed 5 years ago had gone up in price so much , especially for the executive floor , that after reading all of the glowing reviews on Trip Advisor , we decided to book here. We tend to splurge on our trips to Asia have stayed at the Peninsula in Beijing and Bangkok , and we were not disappointed here. We recommend splurging for the Harbour Club floor , and a.harbourview room although the last 1/2 of our stay was so foggy in the mornings that this extra charge may not have been worth it. The location was not inconvenient at all , and we used the hotel shuttle and ferry a 5 minute walk almost exclusively. The personal service from Millie , Stacy , and Tiffany at the club floor was invaluable in helping us get around Hong Kong , and also in checking in and out. The breakfasts , afternoon snacks , and evening appetizers , wine and beer were great ! ! We loved the pool area , promenade on the harborfront for walks , or just sitting and gazing at the harbor .

we loved this hotel. The staff are friendly and helpful , rooms are a good size , bright , comfortable with lots of storage , clean and well maintained. The views over HK island are just stunning .

fantastic hotel , the rooms with a harbour view are unbelievable ! The room we had did not have a view of the sky scrapers but looked to the east. It was superb. The room was well equipped with tea/coffee , safe , robes , etc. All in all we had a brilliant time. The view at breakfast was fab. The outdoor pool is at the top of the hotel and what a view. Free shuttle service to the town centre is a great idea as well. The Star ferry is not too far away either. Brilliant stay. Thank You .

overall a nice place to stay. The nearby ferry is convenient and a fun way to get around. The ferry stops running to/from Wan Chai fairly early in the evening .

i spent a lot of time doing online research about hotels in Hong Kong before booked the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong. I am glad I did. My husband and I had a great time in Hong Kong ; the Harbour Plaza was part of the memorable experience. We enjoyed magnificent views of harbour from our room , from the dining room and from the roof top pool ; we loved walking around the surrounding areas finding different restaurants and small shops. The hotel provides free shuttle bus every 30 minutes to go to the center Kowloon , and we took ferry from the close by ferry dock to go to Hong Kong Island , so the location is convenient enough for us. Small note , the ferry dock near the hotel closes around about 9 : 00 or 10 : 00pm , so you won â € ™ t be able to take the ferry back to the hotel if you stay late in the Hong Kong Island , but there are many alternative ways to get back that won â € ™ t cost you much. Here is an excellent web site tells you everything you need to know about Hong Kong :

i stayed with my husband &amp ; 9 yr old daughter during Christmas in 2008 and we loved it. .

we stayed at this hotel as part of a virgin tour .

as per the photos that can be seen on various hotel websites , this is a lovely looking hotel. There is n't any faulting the decor and facilities. However , it all just seemed a little average ; it was quite expensive and somehow we expected more of a personal &quot ; wow&quot ; factor - there 's nothing special beyond the views and the pool. You pay through the nose for everything on top of the room. The restaurants were far too expensive for us so we ate out every night .

the Whampoa Harbour Plaza is a little out the way as its not in the central Kowloon area but the Star Ferry across to the island is only 500m away so it still easy to get to. Its actually quite relaxing after a hard days sightseeing to have that 15 min boat ride to escape the main island. The hotel also offers a shuttle bus to the bottom of Nathan Rd. The bus also stops at Hung Hom railway station although the bus driver was a little weird about picking people up from that stop .

afer days of trawling through tripi advisor reviews myself and my wife decided on the Harbour Plaza and we ar so glad we did. We both agree that this is the best hotel we have ever stayed. Its quite a trek from the airport and took around an hour - we were last to get droped off but it was well worth the wait. The hotel is tucked away off the main road and looks fantastic when you drive up to it. The reception area is really grand with a massive staircase which was decorated differently each night for weddings , parties etc... Check in was fast , bags were taken to our room and the harbour view was just great , we couldnt stop looking out of the window. Rooftop pool is worth a dip if its warm enough , breakfast was very good with loads of choice , toast and cereal for fussy people like me who dont fancy the local breakfast , there is also a coffee shop which sells the best hot chocolate ever ! Hotel is less than 5 minutes walk to the ferry terminal and is less than a pound to get across to HK Island. Taxis are also really cheap an are lined up outside of the hotel. The underground is easy enough to use much better than London .The area around the hotel is mainly residential which I prefer as it means its quieter outside. Hong Kong was amazing and we will definatley be going back , very clean as well. Did all the usual touristy things - the peak , the Po Lin Budda and of course Disney. I can not reccommend this hotel enough its well worth the money. Remember as well you dont need travel adapters in HK they use the same plugs as we do !

we booked this hotel after reading really positive comments by other Tripadvisor members. We were not dissapointed in any way. What a lovely hotel .

i stayed at this hotel with my husband and two boys after two days at a Disneyland Hotel also very good ! . The hotel lobby is really quite spectacular with a sweeping marble staircase and enormous glass windows showcasing a view of the harbour beyond. Our room was on the 11th floor with Harbour view. The room was of average size , however the two double beds were smaller than we had anticipated. A quick call to reception and we had a rollaway provided for the duration , free of charge. The bathroom was very large and well appointed. We found the staff to be unfailingly polite , friendly and very helpful , especially the door staff. The shuttle bus was wonderful and ran every half hour from around 7am to 11.30pm at night. We also used the Star Ferry terminal which was a couple of minutes walk from the hotel. This took us to Central one day and Wanchai another .

due to recent troubles at Bangkok airport , had a last minute change of plans and re-routed my trip via a 4 day stop in Hong Kong- which meant I had to find a Hong Kong hotel with just one week 's notice. Naturally , I turned to tripadvisor for recommendations , and found the highly recommended Harbour Plaza was both within my price range- and had rooms available .

this hotel is very well located and despite what others say about the ferry , the hotel is less than a 5 minute walk along the promenade to the ferry terminal which serves both the Central and North Point. Just walk to the promenade and turn right , keep walking and you will reach a main bus terminal and on the left is the ferry terminal , the first entrance is for North Point and the last entrance takes you to central. Its $ 6HKD for the central and $ 2HKD for the North Point .

wow ! The Harbor Plaza is the place to stay. A Harbor View Room is a must. Rooms were gorgeous and the pool area was the best in Hong Kong. Great food and outstanding service. Free Shuttle was so convenient. The Harbor Plaza Hong Kong will be the only place I stay from now on. The photos of the property do n't do it justice. It was so much better in person. EVERY employee was so personable and welcoming. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel .

my partner and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza as a treat on our final night in Hong Kong after staying at the Ramada Hotel. The hotel itself is very nice and well situated with good views of the Harbour. The entrance to the hotel itself is very grand , with a sweeping staircase as you walk in , looking every inch the 5 * hotel. The staff we were helpful and organised. We had booked a basic double room for the night on expedia before we departed the UK for our travels , after checking out the reviews on Trip Advisor and Expedia. The room itself was nice , not the standard that I would have expected from a 5 * , having stayed in a few before. The bed was large and comfortable , the bathroom looked like it had seen better days but was still clean. Generally the room was ok. The plus point of this hotel , is the grand entrance , the good service , the great views over the Harbour and its location .

we stayed for 2 weeks in September on a sightseeing holiday .

i stayed at Harbour Plaza at the start 3 nights and end 1 night of a holiday to Bali .

absolutly fantastic hotel .

as a special treat for our Honeymoon we booked this hotel on our return journey to the UK from Australia. We stayed 3 nights and chose one of the harbour club rooms. These rooms are all situated on the 19th floor and the majority have a wonderful view of Victoria harbour as ours did. We specified at the time of booking we wanted a Harbour view. Being in the Harbour club gives you exclusive complimentary extras such as Continental Breakfast , Afternoon Tea and Cakes , Evening Bites and alcoholic drinks 6pm until 8pm , Fitness Centre Use , Free Laundry Limited to one suit per day , 10 % off restaurants , Late 3pm checkout , Business facilities such as use of conference room , Interpreter services , free internet access in lounge paid access in rooms I booked directly with the hotel seven months prior to staying and it was simple , just using their website and submitting credit card details to secure the room .

our stay at Harbour Plaza was fantastic. The location is fine , very easy to get about. You just have to plunge in and have a go !

i really enjoyed my stay at Harbor Plaza Hotel. My Harborview room had a very nice view of Victoria Harbor. The hotel staff were very kind and knowledgeable and they speak proficient English. The buffet downstairs had a very delicious selection of foods. The pool on the rooftop , however , was quite small but it was okay .

my husband booked the Harbour Plaza for a surprise trip. I lived in Hong Kong prior to handback and Hung Hom would not have been my first choice of location but.. was happy to take a look .

stayed in a harbour view room for one night. OK room overlooking Victoria Harbour. Old feeling of bathroom. Having stayed in multiple 4-5 star hotels and resorts in Bangkok and Phuket when comparing the price of this hotel you get better everything room , service , hotel ameneties , restaurants at half price in Thailand. Friendly hotel staff. Shuttle-bus only for shopping transportation. If you have a suitcase they will not let you go .

when we booked this hotel we asked for a room overlooking the harbour as there was national day fireworks on the night we arrived , on checking in was told we could view fireworks from pool deck if we paid 200 h.k dollars each ! ! that is so rude . the hotel it self is o.k , public areas lovely , rooms very tired , my bed had to be changed as the springs in the mattress dug in my back , it was changed immediatly but no appologies , all completed in silence. there is a television in the room and pay movies that cost alot , there are much better choices for hong kong

went to the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong as part of a honeymoon world trip .

i have stayed at this hotel 4 times and it just seems to get better.. Off the beaten path of major shopping but there is NO better place to come back to after a long day or night in HK..Service is outstanding and buffet , while just a little pricey has a great diversity of foods and plenty of it..Enjoy drinks and food outdoors right next door at theWaterfront Bar while gazing out over the waterfront...While the standard rooms are adequate , i highly recommend a harbour view room...The views are stunning...Nothing better to gaze at first thing in the morning and late at night..While it is a little removed from Nathan Rd , a short 3 block walk brings you to some nice shopping and other eateries as well...I will continue to stay here on my future trips to HKand i give it my HIGHEST recommendation !

great hotel and good location

stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of September in a harbour view room. We were only on the 8th floor but the views were still impressive. The rooms themselves are spacious and clean with a seperate sitting area. My partner particularly liked the chaise lounge in front of the large window .

superb hotel with large room and superb view,stayed in a harbour view room and the view takes your breath away,pool area well laid out and clean with a bar

what can I say about this hotel , it is probably one of the best I have every stayed in .

the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong hotel is located on the main land harbour water front with a view over to Hong Kong Island. The night time views are amazing. Its location is slightly out of the centre of Kowloon but actually this is an advantage as it means the hotel has a promenade along the water front so you can sit or stroll outside. The hotel 's facilities are excellent and it is beautifully furnished- with a variety of restaurants/bars including one at which you can sit outside. The buffet breakfast is very good , catering for all tastes and large appetites. The swimming pool is on the roof 22 floors up which at first seems a bit strange but offers great views and a relaxing atmosphere. The hotel runs a complimentary return bus service into Kowloon centre every 30 minutes until late evening which saves money on taxis. Our hotel room was very comfortable with a harbour view where you could watch ships , cruise liners and traditional Chinese fishing boats- it was fascinating stuff !

my wife and I spent five nights at this hotel. On recommendation from friends we upgraded to a harbour view club room .

this is a great city hotel .

well let me start by saying the is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in , and I find it hard to believe I will find a hotel that will better it .

overall this hotel was great but we had some strange moments. I had splurged for the harbor view so when we arrived we got a room assigned to the 9th floor. I asked if we could be moved to a higher floor and the front desk had a weird reaction , almost like &quot ; How dare you ask&quot ; . Could be my imagination of course. My husband thought it was because we look quite young. So the concierge took us up to our room and when we walked in , it jus stank of smoke. We of course requested a non-smoking room and the room smelled like it was being used for that purpose solely. We did n't overreact just calmly said that there is not way we can stay here , and the concierge I think was embarrassed. He called down to the front desk and they immediately upgraded us to a club floor. A questions begs itself - why did n't they just upgrade us right away when I asked and instead tried to shove us in a smoking room ? Weird .

we had a super harbourview room in this hotel. Location is not a problem as there is a courtesy bus to main shopping district. Service and people in hotel were second to none. They could not be faulted. Breakfast was great especially the pancakes and so was the buffet style dinners - especially the chocolate fountain every night ! You must visit the ladies market which we really enjoyed for the battering. There are some characters ! Prices for electronic goods were great. Get taxi to and from airport as it is even cheaper than the airport coach .

hotel could n't be faulted. Good location. Great views over the harbour. Food was very good. We would definitely recommend this hotel

we had a great time , Hong Kong was wet post typhoone but the hotel was great. Room was huge , beds very comfortable and bathroom pristine. The only disappointment was internet access not fully explained ended up with 24 hour access rather than 30 min. The breakfast was disappointing with questionnable cooking techniques at the egg station , so we did not eat breakfast there again. The location of the hotel was fantastic , local shops and ferry to hong kong island a minute away. We would definately stay there again and would recommend this hotel to anyone .

a Brilliant Hotel which is just far enough away from the main hustle and bustle of Hong Kong/ Kowloon , but also within easy reach of everything you can use either the free shuttle or a local taxi , also the ferry to Hong Kong island central was a short 3 min walk. The staff were excellent and the hotel was immaculate. The roof top pool gave great views over to Hong Kong only thing it closes at 8pm ! To the review who complained about no free water in the room this has been rectified and was a very welcome addition. We will be staying again .

stayed there for holiday purposes with my wife. Had an room at the executive club floor .

if you could pick the hotel up and move it next to the Peninsula.... .

great hotel with excellant views of Victoria Harbour from the harbour view rooms. Were slightly concerned about location before arrival but found bus service and ferry 5 mins walk away so getting about is not an issue , direct links to the island and central kowloon. Room was excellant and some good eateries not far away , even if a little pricey as per hotel ! Great shopping in Whampoa 10 mins walk .

stayed for 4 night in July in a Harbour Club Harbour View room , which I highly recommend. Service was impecible and the food and drink in the lounge excellent .

the Harbour Plaza was splendid. The experience started at the airport , where they have their own info desk. They were able to double check the reservation and recommend transportation options to get into town. We wound up taking a taxi , which cost $ 300 HKD , about $ 40 US , but it was so much easier than any of the other option that it was worth it .

this is a fantastic hotel. We had a club room on the 19th floor -with harbour views. We had a very spacious room this is Hong Kong and normally I â € ™ d expect something small . The room was spotless and very well maintained. Lovely bathroom also â € “ had a bath and separate shower which was great. Breakfast is excellent with a huge variety of hot and cold food to choose from .

situated in Hung Hom on Kowloon , so a bit out of things. Bit of a pain in the evening ; have to get a taxi into the main Kowloon area , or ferries to HK Island. Be aware that harbour view rooms have a harbour view , but not a view of the city. Hotel courtesy shuttle service was unreliable if the bus was full , not another for 30 mins or an hour so my advice is do n't rely on it. Taxis are relatively cheap but take a dual language hotel card , there are lots more mainland Chinese there these days , and they speak little or no English .

i 've stayed here several times on business trips. The most recent time , I booked a &quot ; deluxe view&quot ; room and got a small room with a view of high rises .

we booked the Harbour Plaza following a recommendation from our neighbour .

after reading the many great reviews , I decided to book this hotel on a lay over , before going into mainland China. I was definintely not disappointed ! The hotel is absolutely beautiful and the staff is top notch. I booked a club room with a harbor view which was spectacular. Paul and Bob at the Concierge Desk were extremely helpful and true gentlemen. We took the ferry over to the Hong Kong island and went up to Victoria 's Peak , which provided an incredible view. In regard to comments of this hotel being a bit away from the action , I was actually very pleased with that fact. After going to the &quot ; action&quot ; it was very nice to come back to such a relaxed environment .

an absolute gem of a hotel. We upgraded on arrival to a club room , it had the most fantastic harbour view. I could go on writing for ever , praising this hotel but I think the best recommendation comes from

i stayed in this hotel for 5 nights with 27 others for my brothers wedding. Hotel is very nice , the staff were very accommodating , location was ok if not a little far away from the action .

this hotel is excellent. Even though it is not in the main city , it is very close and is easily accessible via taxi or free shuttle bus provided by the hotel. Tsim Sha Tsui is less than 5 mins away via taxi. Food in the hotel is great , and even if you want to head out for a meal , there are alot of options. One is to walk down the street to CDC for breakfast - very cheap ! The hotel is also walking distance to Hung Hom pier , which gives you direct access to Central on Hong Kong island .

one of the highlights of my trip to asia ! This hotel is simply great ! from the moment you arrive it is just wonderful ! Very beautiful marble lobby and very nice buffet breakfast restaurant with a harbour view.. .

fantastic hotel , this is in Kowloon but you have a great view of HK island. This is a 1st class hotel , the rooms were great and very clean. Facilities great , the pool on the roof was lovely and the deli is great. This is a great base for exploring , and mins away from the Star Ferry Terminal. This is ideal as a stop over hotel. We were on our way to Australia , thank you ! ! ! !

we spent a few days here between EUR and AU. A very good hotel that is slightly off the beaten track--about 1 km east of Nathan Rd. Great views and pretty good value for money. We got upgraded to a suite but no view. The pool was out of action when we were there but it is in a spectacular setting. Do n't miss the evening buffet--it ca n't be faulted for quality and variety .

i looked at A LOT of hotels on Kowloon that face the beautiful Hong Kong and this hotel was the best view that was not too expensive. The hotel is definately a 5 Star Hotel. Rooms are very nice and clean with marble bathrooms. Make sure you upgrade to a Harbor View. We got the club level which includes a breakfast , afternoon snacks and drinks in the evening which was totally worth every penny .

second time a this hotel and still the best ever hotel we have stayed at. Everything is perfect just as good as the first time. The staff are friendly , happy and ever eager to please. They are happy to do anything asked small or large. Nothing is a problem. They are polite and friendly and the hotel is very clean throughout. There is someone cleaning something all day and night. The restaurants are the same the food is great and price is reasonable. Well worth staying here. The shuttle to TST takes no more than 10 mins in heavy traffic. We loved every minute of our 12 day stay and will most definately come back .

stayed in the Harbour Plaza for 2 nights at the beginning of March , booked a harbourview room and we were not disappointed. The room was spacious and comfortable , the view was gorgeous to wake up to in the morning. We did n't eat breakfast here as it was quite expensive , but there was plenty of choice around. We ate in the hotel one night , it was a beautiful buffet , but also a bit on the expensive side. The rooftop pool was beautiful but very cold when we were there. The shuttle bus into town was great and very handy. We loved everything about the hotel , and hope to return someday for a longer visit .

it was just the respite we needed from the humid weather and bad cab ride. It smelled like fresh flowers as we walked in the lobby .

what a wonderful hotel !

the hotel is beautiful and the room was very comfortable. We booked a harbor view room but had only a very limited view of the harbor .

stayed here for two nights in May and absolutely loved it. HK is expensive in terms of hotels and this one provides the amazing buzz of that incomparable view to HK Island across the harbour as well as being affordable. Very little in HK will offer both those !

i spent alot of time on Tripadvisor trying to find the most suitable hotel for our trip to HK - the ones I really wanted to stay at were out of my price range , but the Harbour Plaza had received consistently good reviews both on Tripadvisor and other sites / magazines. Not knowing HK I did not know whether the location would be good or not , and when we first arrived I thought we had made the wrong choice as the hotel is outside the centre of Kowloon. I was wrong ! Although not central there is a Star Ferry almost in front of the hotel which runs every 20 minutes or so to HK island. And a free regular hotel shuttle which takes you to Kowloon central and back. Alternatively taxi is less than Â £ 2 to centre of Kowloon. So location was not a problem. Hotel is very good only thing I really disliked was that the Air conditioning is on freezing in all the public areas.. . Make sure you get a Harbour View room .

we were very pleasantly surprised by the quality of this hotel. This was because we took the hotel shuttle bus from the airport and by the time we had dropped everyone else off at a variety of hotels , we began to wonder was ours nice , mediocre , will we wish we 'd stayed elsewhere ?

this was my first time in Hong Kong and I booked this hotel based on the very favourable reviews on Trip Advisor .

i stayed here for 3 nights for work .

although not right in the heart of Kowloon this Hotel allows you to step back away from all the hustle and bustle of the TST and Mon Kok areas .

we were looking for a base to explore Hong Kong with our 2 young children and booked the HP after reading earlier reviewers comments which by and large were pretty close to the mark in terms of our experience .

we booked this hotel while we were staying here on vacation for 10 days and found the following problems

this is a good value , excellent hotel in a gorgeous setting on the harbour , and I 've stayed here twice. You walk in and there are floor to ceiling windows along the water , and that 's your breakfast view too. The location is good for a little walk along the harbour , and there 's a lot around the hotel , including the ferry to Wan Chai and Central too maybe ? .

on our way from Australia to Europe we decided to give our little kids a break and stay a few nights in Hong Kong to interrupt the trip. Decided on the Harbour Plaza based on different reviews found here and elsewhere .

when we first arrived the the hotel and for the first few days to be honest ! we thought we had chosen a good hotel , but a bit inconvenient location-wise. As our trip progressed however , and we became more familiar with HK , we soon discovered that you can get to and from this Hotel extremely easily from almost anywhere in HK by using buses to and from everywhere , ferries 5 minutes away , the Hotel shuttle , and taxi 's cheap in HK . Being next to the harbour , and being in a somewehat quieter suburb Whampoa was just delightful. To be honest , once you explore the shops around the Hotel in a little more detail , you soon discover that you can shop for days and days just near the Hotel without going into the mad crowd at Nathan St if you like ! There is everything - restaurants , shops , ice-creams , etc etc. In the early morning , being on a lovely Harbour promenade was just wonderful .

when we first arrived at the hotel I was a little disappointed at the location but I soon changed my mind. We 've always stayed on Hong Kong island before but decided to try Kowloon and we 'd certainly return .

i hate leaving really positive reviews as I know it will be more difficult for me to stay in future however... .

i can not fault this hotel in any way...the hotel itself was beautiful and the staff helpful in every way !

this is a great hotel and is in a very good location. The hotel staff and service are excellent and the breakfast is fantastic. The restaraunts on site are good and the location is ideal , very close to ferry terminal / MTR and also has free shuttle bus to town if required. My only gripe is the single courtyard view rooms are very small and a little claustraphobic but adequate for a short stay .

excellent hotel ! ! ! Very beautiful with a magnigicent view across Victoria Harbour of Hong Kong. The Promenade restaurant in the main lobby area served a fabulous buffet breakfast with selections ranging from traditional American breakfast fare to dim sum .

a first class hotel , just as we had hoped for. it was our silver wedding year and we wanted somewhere special and we were not disappointed. I had read all the available reviews prior to leaving australia and some people had complained about the distance to nathan road. we did not find this a problem at all. we used to use the star ferry to central then on some days take the ferry to tsim sha sui and do our shopping then get the hotel shuttle back to the hotel.we ate at the hotel twice but we found a superb restaurant five mins walk away called outback steakhouse. superb value , food and it was full of locals always a good sign . also the view from the wampoa lounge at the hotel at night is to die for. the is nothing like it in the world that i have seen except maybe new york or sydney harbour , it,s up there with them. overall a wonderful hotel and i would recommend it to anyone .

this was a beautiful hotel in Hum Hong. Top class .

this hotel has a decent locale , stayed here from 1st of April 2008 for two nights , It was my 1st time in HK , and i did n't know what to expect , The hotel is close to many amenities , you wo n't go hungry , atms are nearby , and there 's even a departmental store just around the corner , If you want to save on cab fares , there 's the reliable and complimentary shuttle bus , and a ferry to North point just around the corner. The rooms are clean , decent , great view regrettably , it was misty/hazy during my visit . My only mini irk was the fact that the remote control for my telly did n't work , probably just an isolated incident. Service wise , my room was not ready by the time i arrived around 2pm , plus the reception seemed abit slow , but the sincerity of the concierge and the attending staff are noteworthy , in my opinion .

we bkd the HP after reading previous reviews and we were not disappointed. Pre stay , the hotel booked seats for us on the Airport Shuttle Coach on arrival in HK Airport and this made the end of our long journey very comfortable. The location of the hotel is ideal , it 's on the waterfront overlooking Victoria Harbour and there 's a lovely walkway way directly in front of the hotel which is ideal for a post breakfast or pre dinner stroll. We arrived at the hotel late afternoon after a long flight and were greeted by extremely professional , friendly and courteous staff. One of the doormen actually remembered my name for the duration of our 3 night stay. Our harbour view room was spacious , very comfortable and just as expected from a 5 * hotel. The breakfast buffet was lovely , albeit , the waiters do n't leave coffee pots on your table and you have to keep asking for refills a very minor criticism . We had the dinner buffet twice as to be honest there is n't that much directly around the hotel and again the choice and quality were very good. There is a free hourly shuttle bus into the centre of Kowloon from the hotel as it 's just too far to walk. The hotel is an ideal base for seeing the sites of HK as it 's away from all the hussle &amp ; bussle and we will definately stay at the HP next time we visit HK .

okay this hotel is a little out of the way you ca n't easily walk to say Nathan Rd - even if you had the inclination but it is serviced excellently by the hotel mini coach. Less than 10 mins to the heart of the action and that 's after taking a detour to make some stops to get there. At the hotel there are plenty of options price range &amp ; food wise to keep you satisfied for food and drink .

the view from the pool is worth the price of the room alone .

i stayed at this hotel 15th and 16th March 2008 prior to a cruise down to Vietnam. When we drove up to the main entrance it reminded me of the glitz of Las Vegas. It was simply stunning. Checking in was very smooth at the spacious , elegant reception area and the superior harbour view room on the 11th floor had beautiful views of the harbour from the large panoramic windows. The bathroom was huge however the placement of the loo was somewhat of an after thought ! . There were always staff on hand at reception to carry luggage , open doors and order taxis and they were always very polite. The food in the Harbour Grill Restaurant was very good but a little pricey , mainly due to the high cost of wine in general , in Hong Kong. I would agree that the location is some what a little way out of the &quot ; happening&quot ; part of the city but it was refreshing to be able to stroll out on the promenade either before or after dinner and enjoy a drink at the Waterfront bar which has an extended happy hour most evenings . The hotel does operate an excellent free shuttle bus to and from the main area and a star ferry is on the door step , so all in all you have just about the best combination you could want. I would return without any hesitation and would strongly recommend this hotel to any of my friends .

this hotel is simply breathtaking....The rooms were all spotlessly clean , the hotel facilities were second to none and the views from the rooms , bars and restaurants were stunning. To swim in the rooftop hotel overlooking the HK skyline left us with a memory we will never forget .

we 've just got back from the Harbour Plaza in Hong Kong. We loved it ! The service from the staff was excellent ! It was well worth paying a bit extra and upgrading to 'The Harbour Club&quot ; as you stay a big room facing the Harbour and you can have breakfast in the lounge on the 19th floor rather than have breakfast on the ground floor which can be noisy and crowded. Also , snacks and drinks are complimentary between 6-8pm and internet access is free. The staff could n't do enough for us , they were very helpful and proffessional. The rooftop pool was to die for .

stayed at the Harbour Plaza a couple of nights in November and had a pleasant enough stay. Nothing spectacular , but no problems either. After having stayed a few nights in 4 star hotels in Tokyo and Bangkok , the room at the Harbour Plaza was a bit of a disappointment--relatively small and just average for Asian standards . The view , however , was amazing. Overall , pretty much like a nicer Holiday Inn with a beautiful lobby and a spectacular pool .

if this is your first time to Hong Kong or if you are a leisure traveler then this hotel is probably a pretty good bet for you. If you have travelled to Hong Kong and stayed previously in any of the major hotels then you will notice that the service here whilst excellent compared to elsewhere in the world , is just not as slick and sharp and does not quite meet the standard of Hong Kong â € ™ s many other better known hotels. I have stayed in most of the well know hotels in Hong Kong so I guess I may expect a lot .

this is a good hotel.... a bit corporate... a bit business-ey , but a quality hotel nevertheless with all mod-cons and good service. I paid extra for a harbour view room and it was definitely worth it. The room was massive and the floor to ceiling windows gave a sensational view over Hong Kong Harbour .

this hotel has magnificent views of the Hong Kong Harbour. We had read this from previous reviewers and made sure to reserve a harbour view room. When we arrived at the hotel we were given a room that basically looked at the apartment building next door. After speaking with all types of polite yet completely unhelpful front desk staff we were finally moved to a real harbour view room , this was pretty frustrating and I am not usually in the mood to have to argue for my rights but I had felt we did pay for a harbour view so we deserved one. After moving rooms , and tipping the bellman again for moving our bags everything after that met expectations but no more .

my wife and I really enjoyed the Harbour Plaza. The rooms were fabulous , the service flawless , the facilities excellent , and the price reasonable. The only problem we had was the internet access. It was quite pricey 15 usd per day and for 225 dollars US per night it is not unreasonable to have some internet access included in the base rate .

after a nine hour flight , plus the joy of Heathrow ! ! ! , together with a train journey from HK airport , plus a link bus to the Hotel my Wife and would have been less than overjoyed at any duff recommendation from the travel agent for our three day stop over on the way to Australia. The Hotels facilities and amenities were absolutely superb and the accommodation a Harbour view superior rom very very adequate and the travel agents clear ability to purchase at bulk prices made the three day stay as affordable as a one night stay in an equivalent Hotel in Central London.. We can make a direct comparison having stayed again in Hong Kong , albeit on the Island this time , on the way back and although the Hotel Park Lane was more central to shopping etc , it was more expensive than the Harbour Plaza. I had read many of the reports on this site about the Plaza before going &quot ; Down-Under&quot ; and would agree that the Harbour Plaza is 'slightly ' out of the main area , but I feel this hardly matters as the ferries are within walking distance , and the price of Taxis is ridiculously cheap. Thoroughly recommended and would n't hesitate to stay again next Winter when we next go to Australia

my wife and I recently spent 3 nights at the Harbour Plaza on our way to Thailand and whilst the weather was unkind to us the hotel certainly made up for it. I booked direct with the hotel via it 's website back in September and at the time it was the cheapest way with no upfront payment. About 3 weeks before leaving I saw a cheaper package offered and when I contacted the hotel and explained they were more than happy to match the price ! We booked a Harbour Club Harbour view room and we were very pleased with it.The extra cost of the club room is well worth it as it includes Breakfast either in the Club lounge or downstairs in the main breakfast area. Two breakfasts alone are nearly as much as the club supplement ! You then have the advantage of fast track check in and out , Tea &amp ; coffee throughout the day and a splendid &quot ; Afternoon Tea &quot ; from 3 till 6. Then from 6 till 8 you can help your self to pre dinner snacks , wine and beer. The staff were all very helpful and polite and the maid service was twice a day and very proffesional .

a great hotel - great location and such good value. Stayed 5 nights &amp ; the place met all our expectations .

we had booked two rooms on the club floor , check in is in the club lounge on the 20th floor. The rooms were a good size , furnished to a good standard and clean. A nice touch was a set of personalised stationary put in the room on our arrival , Internet access was free. They allowed you two pieces of laundry free per day which was great having two rooms .

when I was trying to find hotels for my trip to HK , Ningbo and Beijing I was concerned because I had never been to any of these places before. When I went on-line it appeared that the Harbour Plaza had everything I was looking for during my 3 days in HK. I was pleasantly surprised with how the hotel and its staff far exceeded my expectations. I had never introduced myself to the doorman however after I checked in , went to my room and then came back down to get a cab and tour , I was shocked when the doorman addressed me using Mr. and then my last name. For the 3 days I was there the staff were outstanding , the breakfast buffet was amazing and overall I would strongly endorse that anyone looking for a fantastic hotel to book at the Harbour Plaza .

just got back from Hong Kong with a stay at the hotel. First impressions it was grand , clean , friendly and helpful. The doorman quickly learned our names and addressed us as such every time we came and went through the front doors. The reservation for our room went off without a hitch as we booked through Travelocity we did n't know what to expect. However , they were nice enough to upgrade us to a Club Floor with a fantastic harbour room. We did e-mail them first to tell the hotel that we were coming for a special occasion and they quickly replied that they would make an effort to make our stay special. We even got champagne and fruits in our room every morning .

we stayed at this hotel for 12 nights , spending Christmas &amp ; New Year in Hong Kong. We booked 2 harbour view rooms and the hotel arranged inter-connecting rooms that provided more moving space as a whole. Here 's a more detail review .

we stayed at the Harbor Plaza during Xmas 2007 as a part of a flight + hotel package. We are a family of 4 and got two connecting rooms. I specificially asked for non smoking and ended up with a smoker 's room. They said they were sold out that night but that 's not a good excuse when I called weeks before. The good news is we did n't really smell the smoke , maybe we are too tired from the fllight. The hotel is off the main tourist areas but that 's why I picked it. It was quiet and catching a cab was easy and cabs are cheap in HK. We did n't eat at the hotel since the price is very expensive. There are many eateries outside the hotel in the condo complex a block down. Coffe shops , many resturants , bakeries. The hotel is very modern and befitting its 5 stars rating. THe rooms are very nice as well. They give you 2 free bottles of water each day. The pool at the roof top is very pretty and has a great view of the HK habor. Check it out during the night but they close at 10pm . Outside from the smoking room , it was a very pleasant stay and I would return again .

we booked 2 rooms at this hotel for 6 nights last December , and had a great overall hotel experience , except for a little problem with our room reservation upon check-in .

i really wanted to stay at this hotel on our visit to Hong Kong and I am so glad we did .

stayed here for 3 nights on the return leg of our trip to Australia , and were more than pleased with our choice. The hotel is situated on the Hunghom waterfront of Kowloon .

our upgrade to a room with a view of the harbour made this a holiday to remember. As well as breakfast , afternoon tea ,fruit in the room , coffeeand tea when req , and pre dinner cocktails were also included. The staff in the Club Suite were all efficent , polite and helpful. We thoroughly enjoyed the stay and tried 3 of their restaurants..all excellent with a variety of prices and menu choices. def stay here again and when you consider the free shuttle bus into Kowloon centre good value .

this is a superb hotel from a Tourist perspective. The hotel is stunning being right on the waters edge looking across the harbour towards Hong Kong Island. The rooms are beautifully appointed I had a Harbour View Room and the view was stunning and the gym , pool and other facilities were excellent. The staff were also helpful and pleasant and it was a joy to stay here. It is a 5 minute walk to the Star Ferry Terminal for the 10 minute Ferry Ride to Central or Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island. In addition , the hotel runs a courtesy bus to and from Tsim Sha Tsui in Kowloon giving you easy access to this part of town. Taxis are also plentiful and good value for money. The area right outside the hotel is worth not dismissing as there are numerous good value restaurants here as well as Internet cafes where the use of the internet will cost you the price of a coffee. Tip - Ensure you get the hotel to write down the name of the hotel in cantonese for the taxis as there are 3 other hotels of the same name. A brilliant hotel - Just go !

spent christmas at this hotel and loved every minute. The hotel has a superb pool overlooking victoria harbour and the staff were really helpful. The location is superb with serene views over the harbour. The christmas atmosphere around the hotel was exceptional , including a local choir singing christmas carols on christmas day on the balcony stairs of the hotel .

we stayed at Harbor plaza for 3 nights. The pool , lobby are very nice with lovely HK harbor view. Hotel staffs and even cleaning staffs are very friendly and helpful. We had a 7 p.m. flight and the hotel staff extended our check out time to 2 p.m. to accomodate us. Beds are comfortable. Rooms and beds are kind of big in HK. But Royal Plaza has much bigger room. Hotel has very good free shuttle to MTR station and free shuttle to Kwoloon airport hub which you can check in your baggage without going to airport. The only setback is the TV is 90 's style and the bedside control is sometimes making beep sound which is annoying .

i enjoyed my stay at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong - over the new year period. Certainly a popular hotel - we were there 6 days and each day there was a wedding ! It was great to see the grand staircase get decorated each day .

just returned from spending New Year in Hong Kong , staying at the Harbour Plaza. It would be difficult to find fault with this hotel , beautiful views and all the staff were polite and helpful. We took the airport express to Kowloon and then the free shuttle bus to the hotel , all well sign posted and no waiting , from landing to reaching our room took about 90 minutes. It is worth buying an Octopus Card at the airport , public transport in Hong Kong is very easy to use and cheap , we toured Hong Kong Island , took the Peak Tram and the ferries to outlying islands , used the metro and over 5 days it cost us Â £ 15. On arriving at the hotel the check in process was smooth and we were upgraded to Harbour Club Class on the 19th floor , do pay a little extra for the harbour view , this certainly made our stay. A ferry pier is 5 minutes from the hotel and you can go to both Central and Wan Chai from here , the only drawback is that these routes stop running about 8pm. This did not cause problems as the hotel runs a free shuttle service but do get to it early to get a seat or public bus No 6 runs past the hotel , if all else fails it is a 25minute walk along the harbour front from the middle of Kowloon. For us the position of this hotel was not a problem , the quality , service , view and price were well worth any slight inconvenience. Loved Hong Kong and would stay at the Harbour Plaza again .

fantastic Stay at Harbour Plaza. Spent 7 days there and like others was a bit unsure about location , but it is perfect .

i had read some reviews here on tripadvisor where some negative things were said about this hotel. I liked the look of the hotel and also the great deal that we got from expedia made the choice easy. Getting to this hotel from the airport was easy , and check in went very well. We received a room on the 6th floor overlooking the harbour , even with the haze it was worth it. From prior reviews I was worried that this hotel was far from anything but this is not the case. There were a lot of food and shoppping choices in the area , usually about a five minute walk The ferry to Hong Kong island is also about a 5 minute walk away. We used public transport to get around in Hong Kong , the only time we did not was that we would take the subway to the Hung Hom Station and then took one of the many cabs that were waiting outside to the Hotel. This was about 25 HKD which is about 4 dollars her in Canada. This is because this is the closet station to the hotel. We are planning a trip to SE Asia again next year and if we layover for a few days in Hong Kong we will stay here again for sure. The staff were great , the room was clean and the location was excellant. If you have any questions about this hotel feel free to contact me here through Trip Advisor because I think this hotel is great .

this is a wonderful hotel on the Kowloon side with spectacular views of the Hong Kong skyline IF you get the right room ; ask for a harbor view room , then if you do n't get a room with enough view of the skyline go back to the desk and ask for another one. We had to take a smoking room to get a great view , but the room did n't smell of smoke , and we only caught a whiff of smoke in the hall a couple of times .

we booked our stay through Airmiles and although it was an unknown , it proved to be a fantastic decision.The room was spacious and well equipped , in a hotel that feels very palatial and lives up to a 5 star rating. I read a report that that the breakfast was expensive , but at less than Â £ 13 for a &quot ; fill your boots&quot ; feast we found it excellent .

based on previous reviews of this hotel we booked two rooms - one of our children and one for my wife and myself and stayed for 9 nights during December 2007 . The reviews were spot on and we all had a great time at a hotel that certainly looks after its customers. It probably is n't worth repeating a lot of what has been covered in previous posts except to say :

i contacted the hotel direct to book and specifically ask for a room with a good harbour view. When we arrived we were told we had been allocated a room on the 11th floor ,superior rooms,but after a short wait were told that we would be in a room on the executive 19th floor , including one free breakfast and one for 25 % off.All for just under Â £ 100 per night. Check in staff very helpful and friendly as were all staff .

have just come back from a 1 week stay at this hotel , I can not praise it enough. We had originally worried a little that we would be too far away from the action , but in the end decided to go ahead as for a longer stay thought it may be a bonus been in a slightly quieter area , it was the right choice .

we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights , with our two small children and this hotel is just superb ! Great location , magnificent views , obliging staff , comfortable rooms... It really does have it all .

stayed for 3 nights in this impressive hotel which anywhere else would merit 5 stars. Large lobby/check in area with a huge marble staircase and fountain. Very helpful staff and no delays checking in or out. The room was a superior room with views out over the harbour. Fantastic It was large with a huge king size bed and plenty of room to move around. The bathroom was also huge and both were very clean and comfortable. There are a choice of restaurants in the hotel plus an excellent small coffee shop. The choice and quality of food is extensive , especially in the downstairs buffet restaurant , but it is a little on the expensive side. I was concerned about the location as it is a bit away from the action in downtown Kowloon but I need not have worried as there is a free shuttle bus every half hour to Nathan road and the Star Ferry , plus the other ferry over to Hong Kong Island is only a five minute walk away. There is also a lovely roof top pool and Fitness room on the top of the Hotel with fantastic views over the city .

i 've been to Harbour Plaza for 10 nights during an holiday trip .

i absolutely loved the hotel....from the large reception area to the attentive staff .

the hotel has a greet modern building,. The facilities is absolutely stunning i.e. Swimming pool , Sauna , Restaurants , Gym . Friendly staff , and a big reception so you don â € ™ t have to wait to be served. It is really what we call a 5 stars hotel. The ferries that take you to the Central District is 2 minutes walk. A lot of shops available around the area .

we stayed twice in November , going to and coming from Australia. Both visits proved to be very enjoyable .

stayed here for 2 weeks and enjoyed every day. The first week I had harbour views from one of the upper floors .

we spent two nights at this hotel at the beginning of November. We reserved a harvour view room and were not disappointed-the views were spectacular. We had breakfast in the room on both of the mornings we were there , overlooking the harbour .

this was our 5th trip to HK so we chose somewhere different to the Ritz Carlton for a change. Our deluxe harbour view room was more like a suite with a separate living room and second bathroom. Overall quality was good and the view unrestricted - although you 're not directly opposite the main area of HK that offers the dazzling light show so it 's not as dramatic. We stayed for 2 nights and did n't eat at the hotel so can not comment. It 's a large hotel and so it lacks character when compared to the Ritz Carlton so with the benefit of both , I would recommed the RC over the HP for that alone. As with all hotels of this standard in HK , the value for money is average. Staff in general were very friendly although we did have to wait to be acknowledged when checking in even though they were not busy. All in all , it 's a clean , modern hotel , with lots of people coming and going , in a quiet part of Kowloon Whampoa Gdns . Access to HK is via an easy 5 mins walk to the Star Ferry or a $ 20 Â £ 1.50 cab ride to central Kowloon

we only stayed in the hotel for one night in one of their club harbour view rooms. The hotel is excellent with great views over the harbour. The Star Ferry from Hung Hom to Wanchai or central is 5 minutes walk away along the seafront and the hotel runs various shuttle buses. However from a transport point of view you are not particularly close to the MTR and will need to rely on taxis if you are not prepared to wait for the ferry/shuttle buses. We had a very good meal in the hotels Chinese restaurant and I would thoroughly recommend the pork and pear main course that they received an award for in one of the local culinary competitions .

the Harbour Plaza was fantastic - a modern , comfortable and first class hotel. We stayed in Kolwoon and did not regret it as we had the best of both worlds. The ferry terminal to both North Point and Central is a short walk away and runs every 30 minutes. Equally the Hotel runs a courtesy bus to the Pinnacle in Kowloon every half hour which gives you access to all that 's on offfer.The Hotel was excellent , great views over the harbour and food tremendous - if you want to eat in do and you wont regret it - but its easy to go out locally or by the bus and ferry to a variety of other restaurants.Could not fault this hotel and would happily recommend it to others .

excellent , efficient hotel with super views across the harbour to North Point and Causeway Bay. Distant views of the Convention Centre and Victoria Harbour. The Star Ferry from Hung Hom to Wanchai or central is 5 minutes walk away along the seafront .

we loved Harbour Plaza ! It 's a beautiful hotel right on the harbour - we had a fabulous large room with 2 double beds for myself &amp ; my 12yr old daughter. We 'd wake up every morning and look at the beautiful view of the harbour - fantastic ! The service was great ; they were very polite and helpful. It was further out of the way than I thought and at first was disappointed , but it turned out to be fantastic to be near shops and restaurants not frequented as much by tourists. The shuttle service was spot on , and the ferry to Hong Kong was very convenient. I 'd definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone .

w stayed for 5 nights in October. The airport was easy to navigate with friendly and helpful staff the security staff put to shame the third world arrangements at Heathrow . One tip , make sure you collect the excellent local guide to HK , freely available in the airport. It contains all of the tourist destinations in chinese , necessary as most taxi drivers do n't speak english .

this hotel is in a lovely area with nice restaurants in the hotel or around. The room we had overlooking the courtyard was spaceous and very clean. You can book a harbour view room but as we were either in the rooftop pool which overlooks the harbour or walking the area felt it was n't worth the extra expense. The boardwalk area also overlooks the harbour and is quite beautiful especially at night. A ferry is only a few steps away. The free shuttle service is OK but does not go to the ladies markets etc so you have to find your own way. Taxi 's are very cheap but make sure you have someone write your destination point and take the hotel address in Chinese as many do not speak english. The shuttle does however take you to Kowloon Station where they book you in for your flight and take your luggage and then you can take the express train to the airport. Very easy but leave plenty of time. From leaving the hotel till arriving at the gate of departure at the airport it took 4 hours .

very good hotel with a roof top pool and terrace which is lovely .

my husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in early September , on our way to Samui , Thailand .

what a great hotel ! ! Feeling terrible after a 10 hour flight from Europe arriving at about 7am and with no hotel booked for HK , we found a great deal on the web for this hotel. We could n't believe it when they checked us in straight away which was worth its weight in gold. Great service ! The hotel is in Hung Hom which is a little distant from Kowloon , but the hotel offers a free shuttle to Kowloon every 1/2 hour so that 's not a problem. The bus to the airport train shuttle does free pick up/drop offs at the hotel as well. It 's a 5 minute walk to catch the ferry to Hong Kong Island. We had a harbour view room - and what a view ! The room had everything we wanted. The pool and gym were great as well , but it was the service which was best - everyone spoke English and were very helpful and friendly. Thorooughly recommended ! !

we stayed at harbour plaza at easter this year. if it is a 4 star then the 5 stars must be something . the main features of this hotel are the views - it is situated kowloon side of victoria harbour and if in a harbour view room - which we were , the views of hong kong island and the harbour are fantastic especially at night when the lights from the shipping and the skyscrapers make a great show .

my wife and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza as a stop over on our way home from New Zealand. The hotel met all our requirements which was mainly somewhere to relax after 5 weeks travelling ; and we were not disappointed with our choice. The hotel is positioned away from the main hassle in a quieter part of Kowloon. An early morning swim the pool is on the 22nd floor sets you up for a days exploration. There is a local ferry terminal , very close by , which provides a fascinating journey to Hong Kong Island from where all the main tourist attractions can be visited. If you require to travel into Kowloon the hotel provides a free shuttle bus with conveniently placed drop off points. Taxi 's are a way of life and therefore are very reasonable should you require another part of town. After a days sightseeing we returned to the hotel for the evening Happy Hour more than welcome when the temperature exceeds 33 C and the main restaurants provided an adequate selection of meals if you decided to stay local for the evening. Alas 4 days is a very small time in Hong Kong but we will return to both Hong Kong and the Harbour Plaza .

stayed at the Harbour Plaza for one night , en-route to Oz. Had booked a Harbour View Room , however as the hotel was full due to a wedding we were upgraded to a suite on the 19th floor - part of the presidential suite ! The room was everything you could imagine and more - if you are lucky enough to get upgraded , or can afford to pay for it... do it ! ! The room even has its own sauna ! The room has a tv , hi-fi , mini bar , tea/coffee facilities , safe and a large bathroom with jacuzzi bath and separate large shower. The views over the harbour are great - especially if you go up to the rooftop pool area. The pool is spacious and warm with a clear glass wall overlooking the harbour. The gym is well equipped and again has excellent views - great for keeping your mind of the hard slog on the treadmill ! ! If you want shopping there are plenty nearby two roads behind the hotel with a good variety of restaurants. A two minute walk along the quayside will get you to the Star Ferry. This is a fantastic way to see the sights of the harbour area and get you across to Hong Kong island - do n't bother booking any water tours - use the ferry .

we stayed here for four nights on a round the world trip. The hotel is very modern , very stylish and located across the water from the main city. Its only a few minutes from the ferry so also very convenient. Our room was large , very comfortable with excellent views of Hong Kong Island and the ever-changing scene of boats , junks etc. The bathroom was huge , marble and had a walk in shower and separate bath. We ate in the restaurant one evening , and the food was good , but not special. Its buffet style. There was a wedding going on , which provided endless amusement and interest. There is a roof top pool with spectacular views and plenty of sun beds. We would return to this hotel for its quiet location after the frantic pace of the city .

dirty hotel with sneaky , stupid employees. I actually found a condom under the bed. Five star exterior , three star hotel room and one star management .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza Hotel for three nights in April 2007. My family husband , sister and parents and I had been visiting relatives in New Zealand and decided to have a few nights in Hong Kong on the way back to England. We had an amazing time - falling in love with both the hotel and the city itself .

i do n't often give a hotel five stars , so coming from me this is high praise indeed .

this is a nice modern hotel , with a good choice of restaurants and a good view , if you get a harbour view room .

i have stayed at the Harbour Plaza many times over the past 7 years for business and it is always a consistently good hotel .

stayed at the Harbour Plaza for two weeks in August - room 1830 on the Harbour Club level. Mid size room with huge bed and nice bathroom. Fantastic views of the harbour - we could spend hours watching the various boats and ferrys . It was nice to be able to start the day with the buffet breakfast before hitting the hot and humid streets of Hong Kong. All the staff we spoke to were very effiecient - we were asked for a late check out and were able to extend our stay till 6pm with out charge. We only used the pool once but it is great to get up on the roof for the fantastic views .

we chose this hotel for its value and views of the harbour , and we were not disappointed in any way. The views of the harbour are just fantastic. Note that we did book a harbourside room .

me and my daughter just got back from hk and the harbour plaza. i can not fault the hotel and its staff at all. some reviews said it was a little far out but we found it just right. the free hotel shuttle bus runs every half hour and the star ferry terminal is two minutes walk away.and you can not tire of riding the star ferry. i will stop here again when i go back to hk .

we stayed in one of the club harbourview rooms. For a bit extra we were able to access additional services including breakfast. As we were also looking for a room with a bit more space for our daughter to share with us , this seemed like the perfect option .

we stayed here en route to Australia , and was an experience we loved. The room was simple , clean and had the most fantastic view. Breakfast at sunrise is magical as the sun rises over the harbour , and the buffet is the best we have ever had. Highly recommended .

great hotel , Great pool and great views. Plenty of shops nearby but away from the centre so much more relaxing .

i 've been meaning to write a review of the Harbour Plaza ever since we 've returned from Hong Kong in mid-June but have been terribly lazy. However , the last two reviews have prompted me to offer a defence of the Harbour Plaza staff .

for a five star hotel this is good value. We had a great room on the 16th floor overlooking the harbour. The room was a good size with comfortable beds and all the usual fittings - bar fridge , safe , iron , hairdryer etc. The general tone of the hotel was high class with lots of marble and gold chandeliers .

we stayed here on the last leg of a 3-week journey to China. The customer service at check in was very poor. We found the staff to be very arrogant and uncaring. They had a take it or leave it attitude from the beginning. They were to arrange an airport transfer for us and when we arrived in the lobby the next morning the manager the night before did not make the reservation. The family suite was very small and the sofa bed was so bad we pulled that mattress out and the kids slept on the floor. Be aware of this hotel. The staff is not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel ! ! !

just returned from a six night stay at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong with my two daughters 12 and 16. First impressions were good , luxurious feel about the place , crystal chandeliers , beautiful harbourfront location , extensive use of marble etc. On arrival , we were shown to our room which was supposed to be a deluxe harbour view room on club level with three beds. We found a very cramped corner room with only two beds and a slight glimpse of water between two buildings and no extra bed nor room to put one in there. Three people would have been very cramped in this room ! I immediately returned to reception to complain coincidentally , I had seen mention of this practice on previous reviews of this hotel of them trying to palm people off with inferior rooms so , I was already alerted to this possibility

my folks and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza in May this year. I booked it because I 'd seen the reviews and the photos on TripAdvisor and am really glad I did , so thanks to all who 'd posted on it good or bad .

went on our first visit to Hong Kong in May 07 - spent 4 nights at the the Plaza in Whompoa Gardens - absolutely terrific - the ambience the staff everything was lovely more than our expectations - we arrived early in the morning and checked in at about 9.30am and even though it was an early check in a room was made available straight away - infact we had a free upgrade to a room overlooking the Harbour and Hong Kong Island.- priceless. The four days we spent in Hong Kong will be memorable but the Hotel was the icing on the cake. Breakfast was a feast - courtesy bus every half hour to Tsimshatsui. Ferry to Hong Kong Island just outside the door. The Esplanade outside was a delightful place to sit in the evening overlooking the Harbour and the view. Staff were lovely and when the receptionist found out it was my husbands birthday -cake and wine arrived at our door with a lovely birthday card which we will treasure. The Plaza a definite must - only one question where is the fourth floor ?

i have just returned back from my second stay at Harbour Plaza HK , and it was just as good/ if not better than my first stay .

i had read great reviews on Harbour Plaza HK and that 's why I decided to stay here. And I have to say I was not dissapointed .

stayed in this hotel for three nights as part of Honeymoon .

the Harbour plaza is a godsend in expensive Hong Kong : a great hotel with fine , clean , modern rooms with well above average service. My family and I stayed here recently and I am absolutely sure we 'll be back .

having read some of the earlier , not too kind reviews , I wondered if I had done the right thing in booking 8 nights at this hotel .

harbour Plaza is on Kowloon side and although not in the heart of everything , is in a nice quiet location and only a free shuttle or short taxi ride to everything. Hotel rooms are quite large and modern with most having gorgeous harbour views. Restaurant on Ground floor with 3 story floor to ceiling windows that allows the morning sun to stream through. Staff are friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay here again and have recommended to others .

we just returned from a week in Hong Kong and a had wonderful experience at the Harbour Plaza Hotel. Besides a good value for the money , the hotel is beautiful and the service was fabulous !

having not been to Hong Kong before and not knowing the lie of the land this was a bit of a stab in the dark , based on reading lots of traveller reviews. I ca n't remember why I finally plumped for the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong , and when I worked out where the hotel was I was Hunghom , Kowloon a little worried , but this was proven to be completely unfounded .

we booked our Harbourview room through the Hotel 's website after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. After visiting polluted , hectic Beijing , staying in Hong Kong at the quiet , off-the-beaten path Harbour Plaza was a real treat !

i stayed at this hotel with my mum for 6 nights in May 2007. Overall , we felt the hotel deserved a 4 star rating ; we have stayed in plenty of 5 star hotels and this one just did n't stand up to those .

overall I was looking forward to staying at the Hotel but the hotel itself is nothing special. Firstly the reception staff were not helpful or friendly at all on arrival. Actualy they made me feel very uncomfortable. The room itself on the Club floor was a harbor view and although not picture perfect it was very nice. The room itself is dated , old and in need of a renovation. The Club floor receptionists are not friendly nor helpful at all. The distance from downtown was fine and I used taxis. On checkout I paid a portion of the bill in cash and the balance on credit card. I was charged the full amount on my credit card. When I said again that I had paid nearly US $ 800 in cash just less than 30 seconds before The receptionist said that I didnt ! ! Very strange behaviour ! Anyway it all got sorted out , but I felt like I had done something wrong ! no apolagy at all , just a sour look from the staff ! Overall not really impressed at all and would not stay here again !

we booked the Harbour Plaza after reading solid , positive reviews on Trip Advisor. We are expecting a high standard and were not disappointed by the hotel or the staff .

stayed here on a stopover. The hotel is very grand and the staff are very attentive and welcoming. The choice of restaurants in the hotel is good although quite expensive but their buffet was excellent .

after much researching , I booked this hotel through whotif.com and felt like I got a great deal. Was really expecting alot after reading the other reviews left here and I guess it had alot to live up to. Arrived after getting the really convienent public train and bus connection - inital impressions were great - the location is right on the harbour and the foyer uses this to its best advantage with its huge floor to ceiling glass .

my wife and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza during a 4 day business visit. This was our second time , the first 4 years ago on our way to Australia. We were so impressed first time that we did not look to anywhere else this time .

this hotel is not central at all. Be careful because we did n't check this and to be honest it was a pain. When we went to Nathan Road we had a lot of trouble getting back as the taxi drivers did n't seem to understand where we were staying , apparently there are 4 Harbour Plazas and they did n't know which one to take us to ! !

read all the reviews .

the hotel is set in a beautiful location with magnification views , our initial room was mediocre but the changed it at our request as the harbour view which we had requested was only partially visible .

fantastic hotel , fantastic view , we were treated to a storm in the harbour , magical. Pool is definitely worth a look ! ! !

selected this hotel after reading the glowing reports on this website. Stayed for four nights in April and overall was disappointed. This seemed to me to be an &quot ; events&quot ; hotel with three weddings in four days. Staff was preoccupied with handling of these events , parking and so forth. Room was not ready when we arrived after check in time and it took one half hour to check out. There was only one computer for customer use in business centre. Concierge was not as knowledgeable or helpful as others. The rooftop pool and views were beautiful. It is a great asset for families , however , it closes at 7 : 00pm. The room was spacious but nothing out of the ordinary. We booked knowing the location was a bit out of the way , and it was. While taxi 's are indeed cheaper than I am used to I did not like the wasted time I spent in them. All said and done , I would not choose to say here again .

enjoyed it immensly , service was excellent

booked this hotel for a two night stay after reading the reviews on trip advisor. Was well worth taking the advice that we read as we had a wonderful stay. Had booked a harbour view room and got a nice suprise when we booked in and ended up on the club floor. 18th floor with amazing views of the area except for the mist ! .

harbour Plaza 13 to 17 March

stayed for 4 nights to celebrate my mothers 60th birthday. I had booked harbour view rooms and well worth the extra money as the views are simply wonderful .

my boyfriend and I have just emigrated to Australia from England. Before we settle into Aussie life we have taken this opportunity to travel to Hong Kong , Sydney , Canberra and Melbourne before arriving and settling in Adelaide .

a great place to stay. Rooms were spacious , rooftop pool was amazing , great views. Service was good , and would recommend the breakfast which had a great selection of Western and Asian fare. Had a gym , which we did not try but looked impressive. Have an amazing variety of healthy body services including massage , sauna and aromatherapy. Would definitely stay here again. Location was great with a free shuttle every half hour to main street Nathan Road. Pleasant to walk around hotel unlike other central hotels. Had good room service , and restaurants were reasonably priced and food was good .

excellent hotel by the water , good service and room of good size and standard .

all the reviews of this hotel are great. It 's cost effective and a great spot to stay... and yes , we had an upgrade as well. Even though we arrived at 8am they accomodated us and got us straight into our GREAT room. The shuttle bus is invaluable and a great service .

having read so much about overpriced hotels and small rooms in Hong Kong , this hotel far exceeded our expectations. The rooms overlooking the harbour and bed were large , the staff courteous and helpful , the breakfast and dinner buffets exceptional though of course more expensive than outside and the 21st floor rooftop pool a stunning experience .

as per other reviews this is , all round , and excellent hotel. The staff , from the guy who opens the front door to the management that seem always to be on hand were faultless .

we stayed here for 3 nights prior to a trip round China. I booked it direct with the hotel and found it to be a very easy process. We had friendly communication prior to leaving the UK and the staff were very friendly. It is as impressive as it looks and , although being away from the main tourist areas , was easy to get to. There are shuttle buses provided by the hotel which were very reliable. There is a variety of restaurants available in the hotel to cater for all tastes and budgets .

this is a fantastic hotel in every way. The location , which is the only thing that I have seen reviewed poorly , is a huge plus as far as I am concerned. It is a 2 blocks from some of the best shopping in HK the Wonderful Worlds of Whompa and in a very nice resedintial area. The star ferry is 100 yards away and a cab ride to anywhere is less then $ 40 HK or about $ 7 USD. The food at the hotel is 1st class as was the service at all of the resteraunts. The spa and gym are both 1st rate. Rooms are large and the view of the harbour was amazing. The staff was very nice and always had a smile for us. I will stay here again !

stayed at the Harbour Plaza 3 nights as a stop-over on the way to Australia. This Hotel can not be faulted. The bedroom we had on the 7th floor was huge , with great views of the harbour. the hotel is a bit off centre in terms of Nathan Road , but a half hourly shuttle bus runs you into the centre , free of charge. The breakfast is enormous. Evening meals super , and very reasonable. Alternatively there is a grill room adjoining the hotel which we tried one night , and this too was fine. The staff are very friendly , keen to help. The only problem we had was the swimming pool was closed. This apart , we were highly satisfied with our stay , and thoroughly recommend the hotel. 5 * plus

this is a superb hotel ! I booked this hotel a few months ago to celebrate my 30th birthday in Hong Kong and I was not disappointed .

stayed 2 nights on the way to other parts of S.E. Asia. My wife and I wanted to get over the jet lag after a very long flight. The hotel , I thought , was almost too good to be true given the glowing reports on Trip Advisor and the great looking pictures provide by the hotel. In short , all the positive comments are true , and the hotel really does look as good as the pictures. If this hotel were located near Nathan Road with the same waterfront location , rooms would easily cost twice as much or more . This is the only real issue with the hotel.....its distance from the heart of Kowloon. As previously noted , there is a shuttle bus running every half hour that takes about 10 minutes and drops you off at the Peninsula you easily pick up the shuttle in the same spot . The shuttles run like clockwork and are very reliable. There is also a shuttle running 4 times and hour to Kowloon station where you get the train to the airport. The only other issue I can think of is the harbour view from the rooms. Our view was very good , but given the hotel 's location it is n't the picture-postcard view of Hong Kong island you see in postcards. But it is a view that 's worth paying for .

after reading some of the reviews here I was slightly dubious about booking this hotel. I am very pleased we did. Although slightly away from the main drag , this was more of a plus than a negative and it was so cheap to take a taxi to Nathan Road area , or the Star Ferry which was adjacent to the hotel to the Central area on the island itself .

air con was noisy and bed was probably a bit hard but fantastic hotel. Lovely views , worth a few beers at the waterfront grill and the music is worth a listen too. Cheap cabs to everywhere , we did n't bother getting the hotel free bus as the cabs were so cheap but hey we live in london. Staff very helpful. Stayed on the club floor and would recommend it. Got the limo from the airport. Easy to find the hotel counter and made for easy transfer to the hotel. Unbeatable view from the hotel pool .

this is a large , modern hotel on the harbour in Kowloon. It 's in Hung Hom , which is away from the bright lights and busy atmosphere of the hotels of Tsim Tsa Sui and Nathan Rd. but it 's a lovely oasis in a busy , hectic city. The hotel runs a shuttle every 30 minutes that will take you into TST where you can catch a subway or go shopping or explore on foot . It 's a very well-run , clean property with elegant spacious rooms. We booked it as a package with Cathay Pacific , and got a big room with a queen bed , a sofa , table and desk area. The views of the harbour are beautiful , as the hotel is perched right over the waterfront. The neighbourhood Whampoa is still full of amenities - lots of very good shops and restaurants including a Pacific Coffee shop up the street , and an amazing supermarket/dept. store , Jusco , where you can buy everything from a delicious take-out meal for a criminially low price to household items , clothing , souvenirs , you name it. The Hung Hom ferry terminal is about a 3 minute walk from the hotel , and the Star Ferry takes you over to Central from there. There 's also a big bus zone where you can catch buses around the city close by. Would definitely stay here again , and would choose it over most hotels in the city , including the famed Peninsula the Harbour Plaza 's lobby felt way more elegant than the Penninsula 's , which was crowded and loud .

i can not add much to what already has been written.. On arrival we were upgraded to a harbour view suite , which was amazing. We had letters on arrival from the manager welcoming us , and found the location directly next to the sea to be perfect .

i started staying here in 1997. Back then this was my secret jewel of Hong Kong. The service was always top notch ala Regent , rooms clean , plus the perks could not be beat in all of HK .

so here we were...the last stop on a six week trip...never been to hong kong before ...almost out of enthusiasm..needing a boost..well the Harbour Plaza did that ! This had to be the best hotel we had ever stayed at..EVER ! ! I was aware of some of the remarks about the hotel being out of the way..but come on...ten minutes in a free hotel shuttle to kowloon or twenty on a ferry across the bay,landing at central pier on hong kong island...what exactly can we fault with this...from the transfer from the airport and yes iwe did use the airport express train to kowloon,a short walk to the free K1 shuttle bus and drop off at the front door , a doorman who remembers your first name three days later,a superb foyer and the biggest window giving the most fabulous view of a nighttime hong kong skyline things could not get better .

what a place for a stopover ! I was travelling to Sydney with my husband and two children , aged 12 and 13 , and chose the Harbour plaza because of Trip Advisor reviews. They are not wrong. After a long flight it is fantastic to have such luxury .

i booked this hotel through a travel agent , after arranging my own itinerary that took in Singapore , muliple centres in Australia and finally , Hong Kong. As we were travelling in low season , we got an automatic upgrade as part of the package. I had read some great reviews , and they actually did n't do the hotel justice , it was a dream stay .

we spent one night in October at the Harbour View Hong Kong and must say it was very enjoyable. After spending two weeks in mainland China on extremely hard beds , the Harbour View Hong Kong was a welcome retreat from all of that and the beds were comfy too ! The view from our harbour view room was spectacular , and we enjoyed watching people do their morning excercises from our room. We did enjoy a buffet lunch the day we checked out , and it was very good. I would say close to 30 different selections , plus a fabulous dessert area. The price was not unreasonable , but a little more expensive than we are accustomed to paying for lunch - but worth it ! The bar is a little off the beaten path but stocked full ! You will enjoy your stay should you decide to stay at the Harbour View Hong Kong !

booked this hotel on recommendation from my Travel Agent as I wanted a harbour view. Hotel was well priced and location turned out to be a haven of tranquility compared to the rest of Kowloon whilst only being a 4 minute cab ride approx Â £ 2.00 away from the Ferry terminal and Harbour City Shpping complex I challenge you to go in every shop .

we stayed here for 2 nights in December for approx Â £ 90 a night for harbour view room .

this place really takes some beating. It has everything you could need , and is handy to shops/transport...the lot .

the rooms are clean and quite roomy. I was worried that the rooms were going to be small since I only booked regular rooms , but it turned out to be pretty good. It can be tight if you have 4 ppl in one room. We had only two and it was totally fine .

i selected the Harbour Plaza based on reviews found here on Tripadvisor.com , and they could n't have been more accurate. What a lovely , tranquil , well appointed place this is with an abiding staff. Being away from the TST is a plus for me , though the hotel shuttle can get you there in 15 minutes with its every half-hour service. Ferry terminal is a short walk away , and so is the Whampoa shopping district which has lovely restaurants and stores .

before our stay in the hotel , I thought we made a mistake of choosing this hotel since it is far from the busy streets of Tsim Sha Tsui. But as soon as we arrived at the hotel , I knew that our stay would be terrific. I booked for a courtside view room , but when I asked for an upgrade to a harbourview , the hotel staff immediately upgraded us. The room was really big and clean , bathroom was great specially the shower room. The view of the harbour specially in the morning was amazing. For people like us who like to go by ourselves , the proximity of Hong Hum Ferry Station was an added plus and the free shuttle bus service was great. The rooftop swimming pool area was beautiful , although we were not able to try it because of our busy schedule .

was in hong kong from the 3rd of dec to the 7th and thanks to harour plaza it was a memorable one. although , i missed out on seeing much of the hotel cos of my busy schedule , the sea side view in the night is oh so awesome.just sitting on the benches besides the sea with the serenity along side the high rises makes for one of the most picturesque views.the hotel staff were very helpful.and yes the location of the hotel is ideal for all those shoppers with plenty of malls all over the place. also , mong kok and nathan road are a $ 30 cab ride away.so its cool...i wouldnt think twice before booking my stay here the next time i am in hong kong .

this is a really comfortable hotel and makes a great stopover in Hong Kong if like us you are travelling further .

e mailed the hotel 2 days before arriving to inform them that my wife and I would be there by 10.00am after 12 hour flight. Arrived 10.15am to find room ready for occupation and that we had been upgraded from Superior to Deluxe Harbour View. Great start that continued throughout our 5 night stay .

we chose the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong for our holiday in October primarily because of the great write-ups it has received on this site , and , wow , am I glad I discovered TripAdvisor. This hotel is just beautiful and certainly deserves all the accolades which have been laid upon it here .

arrived at the Hotel about 10am , 5.11.06 room was ready by 12 noon. Room was very spacious , comfortable bed , good sized bathroom , great view of the harbour. Tried the buffet breakfast one morning , it was very good , had everything and more that my husband and I needed The lobby is a large open place which is next to the breakfast/all day dining area with very large glass windows overlooing the harbour. Used the laundy service , they repaired a trouser hem which had come undone without me having to request a repair. The hotel shuttle bus was great. Only a five minute walk to the ferry to take you to Central and other areas. No problems with transport. Concierge were helpful in guiding us to places , which ferries , trains to catch etc. Would stay here again

booked on basis of Trip Advisor reviews which are usually spot on. This is very much a good value tourist hotel and not ideal for business. The lobby has a distinct whiff of Chinese food and disinfectant , very noisy as has open eating areas. The check in and concierge staff are helpful rather than friendly , primarily because so busy processing coachloads. The rooms are clean spacious but impersonal. The buffet area is functional didnt try ; looked unappetising . The bar is in a location separate to the hotel. Good shopping in Whampoa area. Sometimes no taxis so fortunate to have shuttle bus to Tsim Tsa Tui and Hung Hom. No comparison to Langham Place Hotel. would only stay here again if constrained by budget .

from the first time I contacted the hotel to see what could be arranged for my Mum 's 60th Birthday the staff were exceptional. Nothing was too much trouble. The hotel provided a free cake , wine and rose on the big day and offered to arrange flowers etc .

my husband and I recently stayed at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong. We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and were upgraded to a Harbour View room which had an amazing view of the Hong Kong skyline across the harbour. The rooms are luxurious , clean and the hotel staff are all very friendly. The hotel lobby is also very impressive. The hotel is located in the Hung Hom district of Kowloon , which is a bit out of the way - but the hotel has frequent free mini busses running to various parts of central Kowloon throughout the whole day so getting around is easy and inexpensive and more than makes up for the slightly out of centraal location. The ferry terminal to the island is also a few minutes walk from the hotel .

we have stayed at the Harbour Plaza twice now. We use it when we go to Hong Kong on business trips. It seems so 'at home ' for us. Rooms are very good ; last year our view was over a school playground , and we watched the children doing their morning excercises , which was interesting. This year we took a harbour view room. To be honest , unless you are honeymooning , I would n't bother with the cost of the upgrade. Last years room was bigger than this ! ! We dont spend much time looking out of the room window anyway ! Ca n't fault much about this place - we personally dont like buffet breakfast , so we opted for the menu. We had poached eggs on toast , and eggs benedict another day - it was cooked well and hot when it arrived. The toast was also delivered hot , unlike when you have queued at the toaster normally. By doing this you pay for when you choose , rather than paying for everything on the buffet that you dont want !

stayed there in September 2006. Could not fault anything about the hotel apart from the Service at times too good. Everything about this hotel was fantastic. Whilst the location was a little out of the way the transport , whether ferry , taxi or bus was so accessable it was not an issue. The food and restaurants are very good though a bit pricey. Top tip on way back to hotel stop off at a 7/11 store and pick up some bottles of water cans of what ever you drink and snacks. The room bar is very expensive , approx Â £ 3.50 for a can of coke , where as in 7/11 about 50p. The rooms are very spacious well furnished and views are amazing. One of the best hotels I ; ve stayed in. Only one regret not enough time there .

what an amazing hotel ! !

i have to agree with the previous reviewers. The location is slightly out of town , but the shuttle service is good and there is a ferry terminal nearby. The staff are very courteous and professional. We had a harbour club room which entitled us to breakfast , afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapes in the private lounge. This was very pleasant , extremely laid back and the food was excellent. We ate one night in the hotel 's Japanese restaurant. The food was good but very expensive. Overall a lovely stay. We were however disappointed with the felix bar at the peninsula. Its very small , very little seating and mainly for posers. Apart from the view which can be obtained from many other Kowloon locations , it doesnt compare at all to such London venues as Claridges or the Berkeley .

we stayed here as part of our Honeymoon a stop over on the way back from Australia . We had our room automatically upgraded , and boy , what an upgrade , a corner suite on the top floor 5 doors down from the Presidential Suite. Large Lounge , Large Bedroom , 2 bathrooms with excellent views of the Hong Kong Island skyline. The roof top pool is excellent with great views. One side is fully glazed to you can also see the views from underwater !

we have recently stayed at the Harbour Plaza for our honeymoon

the Harbour Plaza is a little way out of Central Hong Kong , but within easy reach due to having the Star Ferry at Hung Hom on the doorstep. The hotel is ultra professional and the staff are charming. In particular the Sikh doormen are very polite and speak to you by name - no idea how they keep track of people 's names .

my new wife and I stayed here for 4 nights on our recent honeymoon and all I can say is this place is awesome .

this is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. From the wonderful foyer - so impressive - to the comfortable rooms , this hotel really put the icing on the cake during our stay in Hong Kong the best city in the world !

we new the moment we arrived late at night from a long flight from Sydney that we were in good hands. A great harbour view room 12th floor , was ours for 6 nights. Good sized , spacoius bed and medium sized bathroom. The only problem was there is no HKG/British style razor plug in the bathroom only the US style. But you can beat this by plugging into a normal outlet in the bedroom and charge up the razor , using the cordless feature eg my Braun was good for this trick when shaving .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza as part of UK company Travelmood 's 'Hot Deal ' package - three nights Â £ 214 per person including bus transfers and full day trip to Macau. Incredible deal. Unfortunately due to a typhoon we only managed two nights and they were wonderful. The hotel is grand but comfortable and was hosting a couple of weddings so it was lovely to see the magnificent marble staircase bedecked with organza and roses .

at first when we realised that this hotel was a little away from Hong Kong 's main attractions i had thought we had made the wrong decision , but we were pleasantly surprised !

stayed here for two nights in a harbour view room on the way back from Australia. The hotel was very nice do n't get me wrong , nice big room , good food but if you want a view of the harbour stay closer to the Peninsula Hotel Tsim Sha Tsui . The InterContinental Hong Kong was facing right at Hong Kong Harbour if you want the view,. Also we had to catch a free shuttle bus each time we wanted to us the metro system , star ferry or to get to the area around the Peninsula Hotel Tsim Sha Tsui . If you are going to Felix bar for cocktails in the Peninsula we had a few and they were'nt cheap and they tasted like crap so I would either have a short and a mixer or just have a beer but do go its cool and the view is amazing .

we stayed in interconnecting double &amp ; twin rooms courtyard facing for 4 nights in July .

  This hotel helped to cause a little bit of a scare to my friends and family. I had told them I would be walking in the new territories not especially safe they were slightly alarmed when they had not heard from me by 8 pm accidentally left my telephone in the hotel safe . Upon telephoning the hotel , the hotel told them they had never heard of me. After a few telephone calls later , they telephoned the hotel again and said they were very concerned and would have to telephone the police. The hotel then &quot ; discovered&quot ; that I had booked but cancelled my booking the day before. When I heard all the commotion on my answerphone on my return , I asked the hotel myself whether I had booked in , giving my name. They repeated that I had cancelled my booking and never checked in. When I revealed my true identity , all they could do was look sheepish. I am just glad there was not an emergency at home and my mobile telephone was not in fact lost .

for those Aussies reading this , I booked through Harvey World Travel - got 5 nights for the cost of 4 , plus upgrade to Harbour View room and buffet breakfast. Cost me $ 200 AUD per night - good deal IMO. The hotel is 4&amp ; 1/2 star , very clean , excellent attentiveness from all the staff and exceptionally well located for me . Hong Kong was VERY hot and it is a really busy , noisy , hectic city-so the location of this hotel right on the waterfront there are a few others but much more expensive and some distance out of the mayhem of the more popular ? areas of both Kowloon and Hong Kong Island make this for me the &quot ; only&quot ; hotel&quot ; to stay at in HK for that price . The regular bus hotel bus shuttle every 30 minutes to downtown Kowloon drops off next to YMCA works well - and there is a Star Ferry terminal for rides to HK Island only a couple of minutes walk away from the front door. The Airport Express train from the airport works well - get off at Kowloon Station and get the K1 free bus from there to the hotel .

we loved the Harbour Plaza. To me cleanliness is the # 1 priority and this one is super clean. It is an easy walk to great shopping and interesting sightseeing. Breakfast was included with our tour and the hotel buffet was very good. The staff is very accommodating and went out of the way to help us. The room itself was very comfortable only I am not one to travel all that way to sit in a room . I hated to leave .

wife and I stayed May 27 to Jun 02 in &quot ; Club&quot ; room with fantastic views overlooking Harbour 18th Floor . Room adequate size , with sofa and work desk. Maid service good .

i stayed at this hotel on two seperate occasions as I used this as my stopover hotel en route to and from Australia. The hotel is really impressive with fabulous public areas and was clearly popular as a wedding venue. The hotel rooms were spacious with good sized bathrooms. Staff were courteous even though the hotel was extremely busy. The buffet breakfast offered a great choice of western and eastern cuisine. Although the hotel is n't on Hong Kong Island , access is easy with a ferry station within 5 mins walking distance of the hotel. This hotel is away from the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong itself , which makes it ideal if you are looking for a bit of relaxation time. The leisure facilities were also brilliant - beautiful roof top swimming pool although a little chilly !

we stayed here after a 14 day tour of China , and were on a package , so do n't know what the costs were. Having read reviews before we went , we were pleased to have a harbour view room , which was very spacious with bath and shower and all the usual extras. Drinks from the mini-bar were expensive but there is a 7-11 just up the street opposite , also a good laundry as the hotel laundry prices were astronomical .

i 've stayed in a few hotels in Hing Kong and for the money I can honestly say that the H.P. is one of the best.. Staf are always courteous and helpful .

difficult one this !

stayed at the Harbour Plaza for 10 days. Had 2 rooms as was travelling with a friend , both of which where very clean and tidy , only took courtview room 's which we had nothing to complain about .

this hotel was very well organized the moment we stepped in. The service and staff were impeccable , and the room was stunningly clean and well prepared for us. We had a spectacular view from both the room and the infinity pool , which was electrifying not thunderstorm-wise , mind you . Overall , our stay at the Harbour Plaza HK was spectacular !

i had a decent stay recently at the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong. I knew the hotel was in Kowloon , but I was surprised when the airport shuttle dropped me off. This hotel is not in the tourist area of Tsim Sha Tsui , but east of there in Hung Hom. Luckily , the hotel has efficient shuttle bus service to the center , or better yet , there is a star ferry terminal at Hung Hom nearby if you are going to Central HK . In the end , I liked staying away from the hords of tourist and commuting in with the locals , but be aware of this , if like me , you are thinking this hotel in in a central location .

my husband two teenagers and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza recently and left after one night. We booked connecting harbour view rooms for our stay and only one was ready when we checked in at 6pm. We were told that the other had &quot ; plumbing problems&quot ; , but we were able to get into both rooms at 7pm that evening. While we were waiting for our room we had dinner in the main restaurant on the lobby level. We were the only ones in the restaurant and the service was terribly slow. There were cigarette ashes on the place mats , and the food was fair at best .

stayed here in February 2006 for one night in the Harborview Suite. Room was excellent and bed very comfortable. Bathroom spotless , but water pressure unpredictable. Booked a room through Summit Hotels &quot ; See you in Asia&quot ; promotion with Visa. Front desk apparently were not familiar with the rate , and I had to bring supporting documentation down to the front desk to get breakfast. The pool is truly spectacular with expansive views of Victoria Harbor and Central. Hotel is situated directly on the water , so views are second only to the Intercontinental. It is a little out of the way , so if you 're going out after 11pm , you will need a taxi. Otherwise , no problems since shuttle to Tsim Sha Tsui is very reliable , and ferries to Central and Causeway Bay are a three minute walk. This is a great , great bargain .

this is a good value hotel with stunning harbour views from the lobby .

spent three nights in this hotel from March 7th to 10th and was most impressed. From the greeting at the front door to the speedy check-in service and the lovely room I could not have asked for more. I booked a harbour view room that had a huge window facing the harbour which is right next to the hotel. The room is of good size with a lovely bathroom and the beds were very soft for Hong Kong. Room included a pot to boil water for either tea or coffee which were complimentry in the room. The bathrooms include everything you need in case you forgot something---from combs to razors to toothbrushs and robes and slippers. All the hotel personnel speak perfect English and are eager to assist you with any problem or request you might have. The rooftop pool is great even though we did n't have a chance to use it because the weather was a bit chilly but the views from there were outstanding. The hotel is alittle off the beaten path in a quiet neighborhood which was nice. We found a lovely coffee shop a block from the hotel with great coffee and pastries and free computers to use if you bought something to drink. The hotel runs a free shuttle every half hour to downtown Kowloon for shopping or for getting on the subway system. A ferry pier is a three minute walk from the hotel to catch the ferry across the harbour to Hong kong for about .40 cents USA. They also have shuttle busses that stop there and take you to the Airport Express train for free. We paid about $ 130 American per night for the harbour view room through Asia Rooms , non harbour view rooms would be less expensive. If you want a great hotel to stay in that you will not be disappointed in you ca n't go wrong with the Harbour Plaza Hong Kong. Please do not confuse it with the other Harbour View hotels like the Metropolis sp which are not as nice .

as Hong Kong was our last stop after three hectic weeks in Asia we were looking for a Hotel that would provide us with a bit of peace and quiet , a touch of luxury , a great view of the Harbour and easy access to the rest of Hong Kong if needed .

the tail end of a 2 month trip throughout SE Asia found us with 4 nights in HK so as frequent Tripadvisor users we factored in the previous reviews and chose the Harbour Plaza. We booked using an online site and got a great rate for HK !

we spent 5 nights at the end of January with a harbor view room .

we stayed at the hotel and had our wedding reception

ca n't fault this hotel. Everything is great. We were worried that it was a little out of the way but it proved to be a good position , near the ferry. The views of the harbor from our room could n't be bettered. Restaurants very good. Would stay there again. Best place we stayed on our round the world trip .

the Harbour Plaza is a very good hotel at a more reasonable price , presumably due to being slightly further out than other hotels of a similar standard .

my husband and I stayed at this beautiful hotel just this past month , for 6 days. Would definitely return. Although the hotel had all the standard modern amenities for business travellers the harbourside location , traditional style furnishings and excellent service lent the place a more old world , elegant , feel. Lobby was absolutely stunning. Floor to ceiling glass window at least 2 stories high with an unobstructed harbour view .

we stayed for 6 days at Habour Plaza , in kowloon. The Hotel is very elegant and locates right on the water front with magnificient view of the Victoria Habour. The atmosphere is definately upscale. What we like : It provides a great view of HK city-scape at night. Make sure you request a Habour View Room. You will not regret it. It is close by Wompoa District which has many shops and restaurants. It is a quite oasis in a hustle city. The Waichai Ferry is a five minutes walk to catch a ferry over to HK. An evening walk on the water front is a plus. What we did not like : lack of quick cafe style venue to allow for you to catch a quite bite before heading out. The staff could be friendlier. Watch out for your hotel bill--I was charged for a fax service that i did not request small amount . The interior of the room could be cleaner and need some updating. We will definately return to this hotel in the future .

just returned from a 24-day trip to Southeast Asia that included stays in five 5-star hotels. All were excellent , but this is the one whose memory keeps coming to mind. Read the titles of the preceding 10 reviews ; all are accurate !

