this new hotel has gorgeous boutique styling. One unique feature is the ground floor which is set on an angle an optical illusion . Very cool. The rooms are beautiful and I enjoyed the room service and breakfast at the restaurant. The staff are very polite and went out of their way to help us with a broken suitcase. One negative point was the cost of the internet access .

we booked 3 rooms &amp ; stayed there during 24th Nov. ~ 28th Nov. 2009 .

location is just horrible. Yes they have this shuttle bus service offering to the hung hum station , tsim sha tsui , even to kowloon bay who knows why , but you need to be in good time management , otherwise if you misses one and you do n't know how to go to To Kwa Wai , you are in big trouble .

we recently stayed at this newly opened hotel , located at the site of the former airport and were pleasantly surprised by its service and setting after having read some of the comments . Everything in the hotel is designed in an angle and even the glasses in the Restaurant which is really cool . The location is an incentive if you like to experience the more traditional HK and easy for us , as close to various local offices. the hotel did offer a shuttle service that runs well on time and the concierge was helpful when we required a chauffeur driven car on the various occasion .

what a big mistake. This hotel is in a [ -- ] . I cant express enough how pissed off I was when I got to this hotel. Its in the middle of nowhere , I mean nowhere .

i stayed in this hotel between 27th to 31st of october 2009 I have booked my room directly from hotel agency I book delux room which is shown in their internet site 32sqm , rate 1050HK $ when i get in my room it was shock , room was smaller then 20sqm I asked the reception to give me bigger room which is correct size what they show in internet but there was no room in this size Asistant manager name is Mrs Judith really helpful to me. This hotel is lucky that have some staff like her.She show me a room at 21st floor which is exutive floor but the room was again small I dont like it then she offer me for suit room not upgrated just need to pay aproximitely 300HK $ more I accepted it when I was checkout I saw the price 2370HK $ per night on my invoice normaly must be 1320HK $ I refused to pay this amount they show me contract which was sign when I was checkin .

