arrived at the Harbour Plaza North Point having thought I had booked the Harbour Plaza ! Be carfeful not to get them mixed up. The latter has a roof top infinity pool that we particularly wanted to see .. .

spent quite a bit of time at the HPNP on business , the rooms cover the essentails for a comfortable stay and the staff are polite enough. Concierge and reception are very courteous and helpful. The downside is the room service menu , which is limited at best and the quality of in room food and room service is not going to win any awards , poor views from many rooms unless you are on the top floors with a view of the ocean can also be frustrating for long stays , and the distance from the airport is no help. Everything considered , if you do n't mind using the MTR a lot , it is a good medium value hotel .

we booked this hotel , knowing it was in an area away from &quot ; the tourist action&quot ; but chose it because it had suites at affordable prices , which we wanted with a young child. We had a harbour view suite on the top Harbour Club floor. It was great , our toddler could sleep separately to us and he loved to stand at the window and look out at the boats and traffic below. We got the buffet breakfast which I thought had heaps of variety and was well worth it as we did n't need lunch on most days after stuffing ourselves at breakfast. We also took advantage of the happy hour drinks , fruit basket , mini bar drinks and discounts on hotel meals , that came with the Harbour Club although we had paid extra for this , but I think we got our monies worth . The only down side was that we were away from the action as there was n't any real shopping or tourist attractions in walking distance and the location was n't what you would really imagine Hong Kong to be like - there was certainly a buzz about Kowloon and Soho , that was missing around North Point. However , we were a minute from the MTR station which took about 15 minutes to Central. We bought an Octopus card and used the MTR all around Hong Kong. Apart from the many stairs at the MTR stations not pram friendly , this was a cheap and easy way to travel around Hong Kong. The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and helpful and certainly put up with our overactive toddler. I think the hotel represented good value for money as a hotel with suites , but do n't choose it if you want to be in the action .

my daughter &amp ; I stayed 4 nights at Harbour Plaza North Point &amp ; were very happy with our choice of hotel. The staff were extreemly helpful &amp ; nothing was a trouble to them .The best concierge I have ever met &quot ; Kin&quot ; had a wonderful knowledge of local places &amp ; assisted us with ideas maps &amp ; even which exit to use at the MTR.His welcoming smile &amp ; genuine attention given to all guests was very much appreciated by us.The hotel restaurant had a buffet breakfast &amp ; dinner both reasonably priced and delicious.The cafe shop also had an excellent range of food in a more relaxed atmosphere.The hotel had efficient security staff .The location made it very easy for us to access the MTR &amp ; the tram which ran along the same street.We purchased an octopus card &amp ; used it extensively on trains,trams &amp ; ferrys.It proved very economical &amp ; was easy to use.There was also a welcome shop directly opposite so snacks were easy to come by.The taxi fare from both Stanley Market &amp ; Kowloon was under $ HK100 &amp ; the drivers were very efficient .Weather was around 23-27 with no humidity &amp ; shopping was excellent.All in all a very pleasant short stay with good accomodation and friendly locals .

i stayed here for 3 nights and I was pleased with my room , the service of the reception and concierge staff , who were very helpful .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza North Point Hotel for 2 weeks in Oct 09. There were 3 of us travelling , and one of the boy with us snores lots. So we booked 2 rooms , one was a one bedroom suite with a sofa bed and one room was a single room with a kingsize bed. Both rooms were very spacious. The one bedroom suite , had a kitchen area , with fridge , freezer , stove , microwave , dining table and seperate bedroom .

we really enjoyed our stay here , the rooms were spacious and clean , the service was lovely. We stayed for 3 nights and it was a great base to get around - quarry bay subway station was just across the road which was brilliant , as was a wellcome supermarket - very helpful with small children. the food was good that we ate there but we did tend to eat away from hotel for better prices. there was a cafe behind the wellcome which was brilliant and very authentic. the pool was lovely although being in the shade all the time meant it was n't all that warm .

situated across the road from the Quarry Bay tube station , its very convenient. Only 4 stops to Times Square. Has small noodles houses and supporting retail conveniences handy. Entrance up the escalator to the lobby is weird , however like all asian hotels make sure you request a non-smoking room when finalising. I was irritated when a member of the bar staff in the lobby didnt want me sitting in the sofa as they wanted the space saved for drinking guests - I told her to go and annoy someone else .

nice hotel with a pool in a good location near subway. Reasonable price at summertime. Very easy to get there from any direction by subway. A decent shop across the street. A good place to stay if you dont need activities around the corner .

we visited Hong Kong for 4 days and stayed at Harbour Plaza North Point which is recommeded by the Travel agency. Arrived the hotel after lunch and just take few minutes can check-in the room. The room is spacious with nice harbour view..felt comfortable. .

i came to Hong Kong to attend a trade exhibition at Convention Ctr. Harbour Plaza Hotel is of excellent location , just one minute walk to the subway &quot ; Quarry Bay&quot ; station. Reception staff are efficient , always offer extra assistance , with smile on face. Housekeeping staff are very friendly and honest. Chinese restaurant with delicious food. I miss the outdoor swimming pool , very good , very relaxing ! ! Excellent. Highly recommend this hotel. Will stay here again in my next trip in October .

it 's very convenient to go everywhere. The staffs are very good and helpful. The rooms are clean and comfortable .

a super location. We stayed behind after business tripIt is highly recommended for both come to HK for leisure or business. Once we get out Quarry Bay MTR Exit C Station recommended by hotel web site , Hotel name of Harbour Plaza North Point is already in front of us. In fact , the hotel is only few steps away to MTR station and a supermarket , Welcome is opposite to hotel as well. It is indeed a good choice of hotel if you like to explore HK by MTR. No worries , if you get off wrong exit , you can walk back to hotel within 5 minutes. Try the tram tour tram station is outside the hotel , so convenience , HK $ 2 for a good ride from Quarry Bay to Central. Remember seating on upper deck to see more of HK. Hotel also offers free shuttle bus to Causeway Bay , Airport Express Line Station , Taikoo Shing one of largest shopping centre in HK . Hotel also provides free shuttle bus to Exhibition &amp ; Convention Centre in Fair periods and free shuttle bus to Taikoo Fong commerical area . All these places can be easily access by MTR. If you are lazy , you can take free shuttle bus by the hotel to reach all these places .

i stayed at this hotel again and like before I was again so happy and pleased with my stay .

this is my 2nd stay at Harbour Plaza north point and yet again , I was very happy with my stay. The staff are very friendly and helpful , the rooms are clean and spacious , the location is slightly away from kowloon , but the metro station is a 5min walk which takes you to the town center .

this hotel is not bad and very good value , but it 's more than 6 stops on the metro to get anywhere near the centre , which is a bit of a pain. Our room was fine , but had too much furniture in it , which blocked the adjoining door to our kids room and the wardrobe blocked the view of the mirror , so that made the room a bit cramped. The internet cost 13 euros per 24 hours. I get tired of upmarket hotels charging for internet use. The pool was nice. The concierge was helpful with tips on Hong Kong transport and maps. The metro station is 50 metres away , and so are numerous restaurants and cheap breakfast places. Next time I 'll look for something a little bit closer to Kowloon I think .

we had a lovely stay at Harbour Plaza North Point .

we booked this hotel through an online broker and got an excellent deal of 3 nights for the price of 2. Service was excellent , and upon checkin we were offered a 600 HKD per day upgrade to a club suite which gave us both breakfast , internet access , unlimited minibar use free of charge and inclusive free drinks in the bar from 5 until 7 .

we stayed 5 nights in a 2 bedroom suite with kitchenette lounge &amp ; 2 bathrooms -sounds excessive , but with 4 kids 3,9,11,14 it was cheaper than getting 2 rooms in other hotels. Service was prompt &amp ; friendly once you got used to the swine flu masks ! , kids were welcomed . The kitchenette is turned off , but housekeeping will switch it on and supply crockery on request. MTR , trams and bus are all at the doorstep. Hotel shuttle bus picks up from the airport express at HK station. The block the hotel is on is very quiet , presumably because there is a funeral parlour on the corner , but it all picks up again with lots of shops etc on the next block. Not being superstitious , we found the funeral home fascinating-amazing florist displays and in the evenings we saw a few processions down to the harbour with paper cars , houses , costumes etc to burn. Classic HK- such a cool mix of the traditiional and the new. We ate locally at night-good selection of cantonese , thai &amp ; japanese , though not always much English spoken,which made ordering fun , but very friendly. In the street in front of the MTR just behind the Wellcome supermarket where you can get your laundry done cheaply is a good little bakery where the kids went every day to buy the best egg custard tarts. The view is largely of the office block infront , but you could see enough of the harbour to enjoy the boats. Decor is pretty average , but this did n't bother us. Pool was good when open , I think all outdoor pools in HK are required to close when there are thunderstorm warnings as it was the same story at the other places we stayed .

i stayed in the Harbour Plaza for 6 nights &amp ; had a fantastic time. When i booked , i booked a superior city view room. My intentions were to upgrade before we left for HK but alas forgot ! Upon arrival , we were offered an upgrade to a suite with harbour view for a fraction of the price we would have paid here. if you want to upgrade , hang on until you get there &amp ; see whats on offer I was so pleased. The suite which consisted of a bedroom , bathroom , living room , dining area &amp ; kitchen was spotless &amp ; serviced twice a day. The hotel was literally a 2 min walk from the MTR with a local supermarket across the road. Although there is not alot to do around the hotel , who cares ! You have Hong Kong on your door step.Highly recommended. We will be back to HK some day &amp ; you guessed it , we 'll be staying here .

we stayed for 10 nights for a family holiday 2A and 2Ch - 6 and 9yo , chose this hotel for the 1 bedroom apartment as it had a kitchenette/dining table for extra space and also the pool which is hard to get in HK. There was plenty of space , kids had the sofa bed and a rollaway single and we still had plenty of room. The kitchen was good but ask for cutlery and crockery for breakfast and we ate a few takeaway dinners from some of the excellent noodle shops around the corner ! . We had a suite on 26th floor and had wonderful view of the harbour looking over to Kowloon - Pool was fantatstic in June as it is very hot and humid so great for the kids and very quiet.....only downside is they close it even if there is just a risk of a thunderstorm ! Apartment was very clean , bathroom great with excellent shower and good amenities. It is really hard to think of any downside other than the very firm bed which we expected from other reviews......make sure you ask for the mattress top...housekeeping fitted quickly for us on request....but it was still pretty hard..... ! Hotel is exceptionally quiet , friendly staff and the shuttle bus is a great service , clean fast and efficient. I recommend it as even though the MTR is so handy , you miss out on the street views and action....We all really enjoyed this hotel. Ate 1 dinner at the Hoi Yat Heen restaurant on 3rd floor - it was very good and quite reasonable prices. The restaurants in Tsat Tse Mui Street over the road toward MTR station were really good. The Nice Garden is excellent food and great service and excellent value....local laundry Sammi 's on Tsat Tse Mui is quick and cheap approx HKD80 for 3 bags - certainly cheaper than the hotel ! . North Point is a good location , 10 mins to Central but really quiet and being a real neighbourhood , it gives a good experience of real HK , not touristy at all. All up , highly recommend and we will be back next time we stay in HK

i stayed one night in this hotel with my 4 year old daughter after booking it with hotels.com. We took the free shuttle from the Central airport express stop - which was unbelievably easy and efficient. When we arrived at the hotel , the bell staff insisted on taking my one and only suitcase - which is , of course , not uncommon , but what I found annoying is that they never brought it to my room ! Apparently I was supposed to go back to the bell hop desk after checking in to reclaim my luggage. This seemed to be the routine at another Hong Kong hotel we stayed at later in our trip , but in all of my travels all over the U.S. , Taiwan , Mainland China , Canada , etc. , etc. , I have not encountered this service routine. It was incredibly annoying to keep waiting and waiting for luggage that never came ! Then when I went down to the bell hop desk , it took me several minutes to get their attention and then another couple of minutes to find my bag among the giant mountains of baggage .

the hotel was good. except for the aircon in executive suite was very very high.but overall the experience was okay.if you ask me whether i 'd stay here again . i may but I will just reconsider not because of the hotel but due to personal reasons its near a funeral home ! this is my personal view.Again this is purely independent view

we stayed in the Harbour Plaza over the Chinese New Year and were delighted with the place. As others have said the Metro is on the doorstep , our room had a harbour view admittedly through a gap in adjacent buildings but this is Hong Kong and the housekeeping was the best I have ever had - nothing was missed , fresh fruit replaced when used or past its best and everywhere properly cleaned over a 10 day period , and it was a major holiday period The staff were helpful , taxis were plentiful if you want a change from the Metro and trams direct to Central pass the door . The management arranged a lion dance on the morning of New Year 's Day and the whole atmosphere of the place was friendly and efficient. Breakfast and bar service were also good. We had a family suite which was very reasonably priced for Hong Kong and was spacious and well equipped. The cooking stuff in the kitchen was n't functional but there was a notice saying it was intended for long stay guests but if you want it to work please ask. We did n't but were confident it would have been organised if needed , though the big fridge which was working was useful for wine water and some snacks. Hong Kong is marvellous - take a Metro trip to the Naan Lin gardens for some quiet reflection amongst the hustle and bustle .

we stayed at this hotel early last year but never got around to writing a review then so now after another stay , here we go. Despite what some people say , the rooms here are more than adequate , more than comfortable for two people , although our friend found it a bit of a squeeze with a roll away bed added for his teenage daughter. We found the location to be okay even though it is a bit out of town. There is an underground station around 1-200 metres away , and buses and trams literally go right past the front door. There is an advantage to not being right in town and that is that you 're not going to get run down by hordes of people as you leave or enter the lobby .

stayed in this hotel with our twins boys. We had good deal on family suite room. When booked this hotel , we asked for harbour view and our room 1915 has it. Chocolates and fruits were served complimentary all day. Access to this hotel via MRT is so close , supermarket and fast food restaurant is just step away. Concierge and shuttle driver staff are excellent , thanks for helped us on luggage. Definetlly will go back there on our next visit to HK

we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with two children , aged 7 and 4. It was our first visit to Hong Kong , and we decided to stay a bit of town to save money on hotel prices. We were really pleased that we could walk to the Metro which was 200metres from the hotel. This allowed us to go wherever we liked cheaply and easily. The metro system is second to none. Clean , efficient , and VERY easy to navigate. The hotel was very clean , and the rooms were simple with space to move. We did n't really use the kitchen , as they do not provide crockery/cutlery etc , but it was still nice to be able to use it for breakfast once we managed to find some plastic bowls at the supermarket . The supermarket was also on the doorstep of the hotel , but our favourite discovery was a local laundry that washed all our clothes and returned them folded and smelling lovely for HK $ 25 , less expensive and less work than doing it yourself at the hotel. Hotel beds were firm but comfortable , and shower was hot. We would definitely recommend this hotel

we stayed here for 2 nights on a stopover , first time in HK. Very easy to get to , even at 11pm with 2 suitcases , straight into town on the Airport Express and then Island Line MRT to Quarry Bay , exit C - and it 's 100 yds straight in front of you. Very friendly staff on reception. Room OK , clean , nice bathroom but otherwise a bit cramped 2 suitcases ! and not somewhere to spend a whole lot of time. And why would you ? Out of the front door and hop on a tram into town for $ 2 - crazy price and a great experience. Get a really good feel for North Point and Wan Chai instead of zooming along below ground on the MRT. Not sure what else was around in the local area , did n't read up on it as we had such a short time there , but I think the East End brewery is quite close by if that 's your bag it 's mine , and I 'm kicking myself for missing it . Breakfast in the hotel was really good , plenty of Dim Sum , or muesli , whatever you fancy. The very friendly receptionist had forgotten to give us our vouchers for breakfast at check-in , but the manager bloke was very helpful and got it all sorted for us. Great service. In fact , the chain has a recognition scheme which I only noticed when we checked out so if you 're going there soon please fill one out for me mentioning the manager bloke at breakfast. Thanks .

myself and my 14yr old son statyed at this hotel for 7 nights in Feb 09. The hotel is off the beaten track but really accessible by MTR. Tram line runs straight outside the door. The room was reasonable sized. Twin beds with hard mattresses which is common in Hong Kong . Bathroom was large with a big shower. We had daily breakfast at the hotel which was a normal buffet. However , very tasty waffles ! ! The view from the window across the harbour was ok but alot of fog meant we could n't see much. The staff were friendly enough however we did n't have too much interaction with them. There is a small room with internet access. The coffee shop is only open until 4pm. The last two nights we had a very loud neighbour who kept me awake. The walls were quite thin so we could hear conversations , doors banging and coughing - however , this is not the hotels fault , just a rude , selfish guest ! ! !

we stayed here for 4 nights at the start of January 2009 and were very dissapointed with the hotel. We arrived at reception - me in crutches and my partner struggling with all the luggage and at no point were we offered assistance or porterage. Bedroom very small and bathroom even smaller. I would not return , sorry .

rapid Transit rail travel to the station literally across the road from the hotel make this an ideal hotel for visiting Hong Kong. Train travel is very cheap and highly efficient and easy to use .

stayed here over the Xmas new year period 08/09 with two adult children .

a good &amp ; cheap transportation via TVR to this Hotel but it is a long way from Central. Great rate but the bed was so hard we could not sleep in it for the first night and I was glad we only stayed two nights in it I got extra towels in to sleep on to help soften the mattress because there was no extra bedding we could use supplied in the room and we were quite cold on the first night .

we really liked the location of the Harbour Plaza - it is not in the middle of the tourist areas of HK and gives you a better chance to see the real HK. The MTR and the Tram stops are close to the hotel and they take you everywhere. North Point with its wonderful wet market is 5 min by Tram and Causeway Bay and Central are only 10-15 Min away .

we have just returned from 11 nights in Hong Kong - 8 of those staying at the Harbour Plaza North Point. After changing rooms because we initially had a smoking room we found the new room to perfectly suit our needs. Our two girls aged 9 and 7 slept on the sofa bed in the living room whilst my husband and I had a separate bedroom - with its own TV. The room had a separate little kitchen although strangely no utensils as we were not long term tenants.There is a supermarket across the road so you do n't need to eat in restaurants all the time if you do n't want to. The pool was fantastic - it is not often you see a 25m pool in a hotel and the gym was well equipped. The hotel provides regular free shuttle buses to the local shopping malls and the MTR train station is about 100m from the hotel entrance. Yes , I agree with other reviews that it is a little way out but with the MTR being so efficient it does n't really matter. HK Island is definitely better to stay on than Kowloon. The staff were friendly although they needed a better area displaying local tourist attractions as the concierges were a little limited in their English to fully answer our questions. Overall and good hotel providing value for money .

lovely hotel , we had an awesome room with great views .

large rooms , good rates , excellent service .

stayed for 10 days with my sister on holiday. Could not fault anything about the Harbour Plaza North Point .

harbour Plaza North Point is a perfectly good 3 star hotel. However , I 'm downgrading it in my review because I was initially allocated a room which was obviously damp and musty. When I complained I was allocated another room - exactly the same but dry .

i stayed at this hotel for 14 days while visting family in Hong Kong , and i thought the hotel was fantastic. My parents and i had a family suite which had partial views of the harbour , the room was a great size with a small kitchen , dinning table , TV , shower room , double bedroom and a single bed in the living room. Even although we had a single bed and a sofa bed in the living room there was still plently of space .

this is a very pleasant hotel with great harbour views from many rooms. We were very lucky to be upgraded to a suite room on the top floor , which was very nice !

if you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel then I would recommend this hotel I stayed there for two nights the rooms are large the bed is a bit hard but otherwise the room is bright and modern . The hotel caterers for mainly tour groups so the lobby can be a bit congested at times . It has easy access to the underground system I paid 850 hk per night which I consider very reasonable for HK

we stayed here on two occasions on our trip with a package to Shanghai in the middle . Both rooms were adequate , but fairly small. The first had a view over Victoria Harbour and the second simply looked out upon other apartment blocks on the inland side of Hong Kong Island .

let 's just say that it is clean hotel. Close to MTR subway , supermarket Wellcome , Mc Donalds , that 's all .

we stayed here for a few nights on the first leg of our honeymoon. While the hotel itself is nice and the staff all curtious and helpful we were disappointed with the location .

i had a good deal in this hotel through Expedia. It was all worth it,

i stayed here for a week on business in April 2008 and found the hotel to be a decent hotel in a pretty convenient location in HK. It 's certainly not in the thick of Central or Kowloon , but a short subway ride from anywhere. We chose this because it was close to our meetings--otherwise you may want to look elsewhere .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza North Point for one night at the beginning of April 08 .

i would n't stay at this hotel simply because of its location .

location : Kings Road , North Point , Hong Kong Island. Quite a way from the main tourist areas , but excellent local transport and local shops etc make up for it. Near underground station , tram stops , bus stops and ferry terminal .

my first impression was that the lobby staff were highly efficient and professional. Btw this is Hong Kong so do n't expect the same warmth and friendliness that you normally get in other Asian cities like Singapore , Kuala Lumpur , Jakarta or Bangkok. But I would n't rate them badly for this &quot ; coldness&quot ; as efficiency can be a very welcome trait for a harried traveler. Just manage your expectations to suit their local culture and you 'll be fine .

i went to Hong Kong as part of a study abroad program. I would not have chosen this hotel if I was making the arrangements because of the location. I prefer a hotel in a more central location so that I can walk to restaurants , bars and shops .

this was my second stay here and I find it good value for money in a conveneient location .

we paid around AUD $ 130 per night for this hotel in a superior harbour view room , and it proved to be excellent value .

i called the hotel on 29th Oct to book a serviced apartment for my trip in Nov. The staff , Yvonne Lee promised to send me an email. I never receive it .

i made my booking at this hotel directly from the hotel website. I had opted for a harbor view room but I was given a room that they refer to as &quot ; hill facing&quot ; . I called up , visited the reservation desk regarding this but to no avail. Finally , they changed my room some 10 hours after my arrival after I had expressed enough displeasure about all this. Below are a few things that I would like to share :

excellent value for money and a good general experience. If you want a good hotel at the right price then this is for you. If you want 5 * luxury then go to the Peninsula. The breakfast was excellent and the rooms comfortable. Service was good and room service very quick. All our requirements were dealt with quickly including special diets and a late arrival and departure. No problems at all for us. Shop around for the best price we did and got a deal for a free breakfast .

i wanted a one-bedroom suite at a good price and great quality and I found it at Harbour Plaza Noth Point. It is a 3.5 to 4.0 star quality closer to a 4 star . I sense that the staff was constantly trying to do things to make the hotel 4start + . The one-bedroom suite is very large for Hong Kong and comfortably sleeps 2 adults and 2 kids. The sofa in the living room is a fold-open bed for the 2 kids. They did NOT charge us extra for that. there is also a small dinner area with dinning table and a small kitchen with microwave and stove and fridge BUT no silverware NOR plates .

yesterday we returned from Hong Kong. Now we ca n't wait to go back there. It took until the final day when we realised just what a good position the hotel is in , after shopping in Admiralty area we tried to get onto the MTR , whilst the Chinese were trying to go home Friday feeling ! , they were climbing up our backs , so I had to yell that there was a child below who was getting squashed ! ! ! Yes the HPNP , may be a little out of the way , but this means you will get a seat on the MTR. Also being away from Admiralty means that the shop prices are cheaper , Ad is full of Daks , Prada , Armarni etc.. .

a great 8 day stay .

this hotel reckon that it have a 4 star rating , but in my opinion a 3 star rating would be generous .

my sister and I were staying for 14 nights in a one-bedroom suite. We have stayed in 3-4 stars hotels in Hong Kong previously , but we were very pleased with HPNP because of the good airconditioning , shower with lots of running water , kitchenette with microwave and fridge , harbour view , good lighting in the rooms and the convient location of the hotel. The Quarry Bay MTR station , the tram station and the A12 Cityflyer to and from the airport are within short walking distance. Equipped with an Octopus card , we could easily get around Hong Kong with the buses , trams and MTR. We were pleased with the hotel staff , and the door attendants and housekeeping were all polite and helpful. Staying here gives you the opportunity to explore parts of Hong Kong Island east of Causeway Bay. In Hong Kong the least of your problems is to find places to eat , but we enjoyed our take-aways in the dining room , in peace and quiet , after a long day of shopping ! You can buy breakfast , lunch and dinner in Cafe de Coral or water , bread and juice in Wellcome across from the hotel. We will definately stay here again for our next Hong Kong getaway !

we stayed for four nights at the Harbour Plaza North Point , in June 2007. We booked a one bedroom suite and overall our experience was fantastic .

after a 14 hour flight and a short taxi ride we ended at the Harbour Plaza. Unfortunately our travel agent did n't realise there is more than one Harbour Plaza hotel in Hong Kong .

stayed here as part of a convention with the HK Trade Development Council. The price was good , and service was also good. The room was a little dirty , but acceptable. Laundry service was very good but a little expensive. Had a room toward the bay , but the view was mostly of the Police station. Get a room on the upper floors and the view would be great. If I had to , I would stay here again , but the Excelsior is hard to beat .

the rooms are nice and this hotel is acceptable as long as you get a really good rate. I did not get my wake up call and my messages never arrived , an issue with food making my guest sick and the pool was closed and due to open the day after I left with no consideration to allow entry the day before. It is a bit of a way from 'the action ' of LKF/Central and Wanchai but the MTR is great. The supermarket opposite is a god send and there are some eaterys for breakkie nearby. Only if you get a good rate - try anything but definately do not pay rack rate - much better hotels closer to Central. G

my son &amp ; I had a double room while attending the Rugby 7s March 30-April 1 . We pricelined the room at 50 % of suggested 4 star rate , and considering how everything doubles or trebles in price during the 7s , felt we got value .

the hotel looks good but rooms seriously need to be refreshed .

stayed here for 2 days in mid-February 2007. I Pricelined the hotel , and the room was US $ 95 a night. A decent price for HK , but on the other hand the room I had on the 10th floor was very average. Staff was friendly and efficient. I went to nearby Coral Cafe for breakfast...clean , local , but decent food at a very reasonable price. The Quarry Bay MTR station is a 3 minute walk from the hotel , so that 's a plus. But overall I 'd not return .

we stayed for a week at the Harbour Plaza North Point , in January 2007. We booked a one bedroom suite and overall our experience was very positive .

very nice hotel , comfortable , very good service from the staff .

we only stayed in the hotel night on our way to Australia from Europe .

while the hotel is located away from the more popular Causeway Bay or Tsim Sha Tsui area , I had no problem getting to those areas. Besides , this relatively quiet area cushions the shock of being in Hong Kong - the sheer number of people on the streets .

stayed at this hotel for 3 nights for Â £ 150 , booked using Expedia .

the room was nice with a partial view of the harbour , we had a kitchenette , but no cutlery/crockery/sauce pans etc , which confused us for a day or so , until we turned the cardboard sign around and discovered the english side and found out they are available by a call to house keeping .

we stayed here for one night on the way back from Eur to Au. There was a huge trade show on in HKK and everything was booked out or v expensive. Ended up here and were happy with it .

very good location , just opposite the MTR metro station .

prior to arrival at this hotel we emailed to confirm room we booked and paid for had two beds , one for my wife and I and one for our teenage daughter. Email from hotel confirmed this was the case. On arrival we were given a small room with one double bed ! After speaking to reception staff we were told we could have a room suitable for two beds 1 double plus a roll up but we would have to pay an extra $ 800 australian dollars. We were booked for 7 nights and had already paid approx $ A1800. Protests were met with a shrug of the shoulder and a comment that hotel rooms in HK were very small .

we stayed in a one bedroom suite which was very clean and nicely furnished and would easily accomodate 2 adults and 3 children. There is an MTR station across the road with easy access to the rest of Hong Kong ; the journey to Central takes about 10 minutes. There is a supermarket opposite,if you need to stock up the fridge in the room. We did not explore the vicinity surrounding the hotel so I have no idea what it has to offer. I would definately recommend this hotel as a good base to explore Hong Kong .

stayed on the 33rd floor studio suite. The view is simply superb ! Hotel location very good , with nice eatery across the street Cafe de Coral .

