this hotel is a long way from the main city centre and airport , but close to China. It was cheap during trade fare season and located near to a ocnvenient shopping centre. Great swimming pool and gym. The main annoyance was the cost of in-room internet connection - about Â £ 10 per day with no long-term discount option. This compared with Â £ 50 for the room,i.e.20 % extra just for a cable connection. The lobby had free wireless but this is really incovenient if you need to surf the web , respond to lots of emails or have Skype converstaions. SImply by reducing this cost to Â £ 5 I am surev the hotel 's revenu from cable connections woulkd increase significantly. Annoyingly , otjer Harbour PLazas in HOng Kong offer better deals and in China the interbet is free in most hotels - so these guys should join the modern world

my wife and I enjoyed 3 nights at your Hotel , it was a great stay , the staff were very friendly and helpful. The Hotel and room ammenities were exceptional especially for the price , the

rooms are dimly lit , tired and outdated ; however , acceptable and clean enough for a short stay. Like others have said , it 's too far away from most places. However , if you 're intending to visit the Wetland Park/ Ping Shan Heritage Trail both just 10 mins away on the Light Rail Transit outside the hotel , spending a peaceful night here is perfectly fine. There 're a number of food outlets nearby , along with a large supermarket and cinema in the attached mall .

plus points : -

we were the only non Asians in the hotel and were treated like gold by the staff. I am not sure how other negative reviewers could have complained ! The front desk manager resolved our problem with Hotels.com , although it was not his issue. He then followed up and left notes under our door to let us know he was still working on it and could not have been nicer. This hotel has a great swimming pool , sauna and fitness room. Our room was super clean , had a teapot , robes and slippers. There are basketball courts and it is next to Tin Shui Park , the greatest public park I have ever seen. It has everything from pebble walking and Tai Chi areas to RC Car Race track. Unbelievable ! This neighborhood is away from Kowloon as people mentioned , but that is the beauty of it. Kowloon is a howling mess of traffic with people hawking fake Rolex watches , Irish bars and Prada stores. Looked like NYC at times ! Resort City was a haven away from the noise. It is a very quiet , modern hotel and easy to get to with an Octopus pass. If you do not use the subway and light rail system in Hong Kong , you are a fool ! It is one of the greatest systems in the world ! At Resort City you walk out the front door to the light rail and get all the way to Kowloon or Lantau for a nominal amount , on clean , air conditioned trains. No smells like NYC ! We loved it here and planned on staying only 2 nights , but after checking out the hotels in Kowloon we stayed here for our entire trip. It was our base camp and safe haven ! Not for those who come to foreign countries looking for all things American or European , but a great view of a slice of life of a normal Hong Kong citizen !

we stayed at the hotel for two weeks as part of a trip to HK. The cheaper room rates were enough to attract us to come here. However you do get what you paid for. As many people have commented , the location of the hotel is remote for travellers who want to experience the food , culture and attractions of HK. As others have mentioned the hotel has an hourly shuttle bus service to Tsim Tsia Tsui for 20 dollars a ride. Usually the ride is about 45 minutes however on the weekends they use a larger bus to accomodate more travellers and it took one hour to get into Tsim Tsia Tsui. If travellers would like to explore HK island , it gets more difficult as you can take the shuttle bus to TST and then walk over to the Star Ferry to get to HK island or you can take the public bus 969 which will take over an hour as well. For those who are from big cities and think that an hours travel is not so bad , for HK standards it is really quite long ! After a long day shopping and sight seeing , it would have been so much better to be able to take a cab or subway ride home within 10 -15 mins , rather than having to take an hours journey back to this hotel .

location : Harbour Plaza is located in the New Territories which is equal to the suburbs of Hong Kong. It is right at the Ginza light rail station connected to the subway MTR and next to a bus terminal. Another way to measure its location is to say that Harbour Plaza is about one hour from the airport by subway or bus and one hour to the downtown Hong Kong harbour area .

travelocity fails to mention that this hotel is in the NEW TERITORYwhich is about 45 minutes from Hong Kong .

this hotel was excellent value , and a very nice way to wind down after a hectic three nights on Hong Kong Island and Kowloon. We stayed here for three nights after we had seen everything we wanted to in Hong Kong and Kowloon. It is about an hour out of Central Station in Hong Kong , It is a very good base for exploring the New Territories , with the Wetland Centre , Ching Chung Koon and Ping Shan Heritage Trail all very close by. It 's massive with two tower blocks and a shopping centre in between , where you can get almost everything you need , generally slightly cheaper than on Hong Kong Island. We got an upgrade when we checked in , so we ended up with a Deluxe Room , which included a microwave and large fridge for convenience. The room was about three times the size of a similar priced room on Hong Kong Island. There is a bus stop behind the hotel with buses to almost anywhere in Hong Kong. The Light Rail station is across from the hotel , and there is plenty to see within the Light Rail network. All these transport modes accept Octopus cards. It was a welcome end to a hectic sightseeing holiday .

the hotel was beautiful and with very friendly staff. Though a bit far from central hongkong they have a shuttle that departs to tsim tsa shui central every hour for $ 20 hkg dollars. The MTR is right beside the hotel 8 steps away. Bus terminal is 5 minutes from the hotel and the hotel is in between two hotels. Everything is convenient and it also has a huge park on the right side great for picture taking esp. at night when the lights are on. Airport shuttle is also available for $ 140 roundtrip and departs every hour .

my boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel during Valentine â € ™ s Day .

my family and I stayed here for 8 nights in March 2008. The location as others have mentioned is a bit far from the 'main ' part of hong kong where all the shopping and nightlife are at. There are buses and shuttles from the hotel that can take you there , but it 's about a 45 minute to 1 hour transit ride. However , our stay was very enjoyable we did n't really go out drinking/clubbing as this was a family trip so that was n't an issue. The rooms were large. They had a full/queen sized bed and a sitting area to watch tv. the bathrooms were immaculate , and because of the low price and location farther from HK proper , there are lots of tour groups staying there. Ask to be put on a room on floor 23-28 because there 's an express elevator exclusive to those floors .

we only stayed here for one night only and we found the apartments to be of a very high standard. They were very clean , modern and spacious,

we stayed at Harbour Plaza Resort City in March. My husband , myself and our two children aged 5 and 8 thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We had inteconnecting rooms and could not fault the hotel or the service. Part of the attraction was the fact that HPRC is away from the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong. We got to explore many parts of Hong Kong and the New Territories and we used public transport to get everywhere. The kids loved the adventure of riding on the trains and even a trip to Mongkok for a lot of shopping at the markets was not a problem , we just jumped on a train when we were done. My kids lost a toy on our last day at the hotel and we searched everywhere for it. The staff were so obliging , taking our email details and informing us when the toy was found. They organised the toy to be sent to Australia at their cost and My children were very happy to be reunited with their toy .

this hotel came as a free stay with a Cathay Pacific air ticket. Even so , you would expect some degree of acceptable service becoming of most Hong Kong hotels .

i stayed at the Harbour Plaza Resort last year and thought it was a lovely hotel. It 's next to a shopping centre where you can go and relax with a number of really good restaurants in there. The staff were helpful and efficient , I have trouble sleeping when there 's a lot of noise around and they were happy to change me to a new room within half an hour when I complained that I was too close to the lift and could hear people coming and going. The rooms were spacious and comfortable with a separate lounge area and were cleaned on a daily basis .

excellent hotel , I recommend. The Hotel is a long way from Downtown but we required a hotel away from the hustle and bustle and within easy travelling diastance of Disneyland Hong Kong. The bus station is beside the hotel. You can catch a E33 bus to the airport for a tenth of the taxi fare. The rooms are very large and very comfortable .

the room is spacious and clean. However , the main attraction is the low price. Why is it so cheap ? It is because the hotel is so far from anywhere. If you like night life or shopping , do n't consider it. The hotel provides shuttle bus not even hourly service and finish after 11 : 00 pm. Taxi fare from city back to hotel is around US $ 40. From Hong Kong Island is at least 50 $ . There are 2 malls connected to the hotel but they are crappy. Actually the hotel is located at the poorest housing area of Hong Kong. I do n't feel safe to walk out of the hotel in the night. You will find problems kids or urchins who linger in the area between the two hotel blocks .

great room , great services , they also included breakfast and dinner coupons for the holiday stay. This hotel is in the New Territories so unless you know you way to the shopping district , better stay in Kowloon or Hong Kong Island. There is a lovely park and track behind the hotel where joggers exercise in the morning. Jogging paths are half a mile away. Much cheaper laundry service is located in the mall attached to the hotel. The mall also has a couple dim sum restaurants , mcdonald 's , western restaurants , a vietnamese and japanese restaurant , and a grocery store , etc. There is a 7-11 downstairs as well. Hotel also offers a state of the art gym. Staff are very helpful and efficient. Hotel offers a daily shuttle service to the shopping district , otherwise , public transportation is just outside the hotel. Bus , light rail , are all right outside of the hotel. Make sure to get yourself a &quot ; Octopus&quot ; pass to use on almost all types of public transportation in HK except taxis. We stayed here the same time in 2004 and absolutely loved it .

i stayed in this hotel for 4 nights during my business stay in Hong Kong. Overall , the hotel was good and proper with a lovely view over the park .

rooms were OK and functional. The location was a lot further from the main shopping areas than what we would have liked and it took about an hour to get to Kowloon. The main gripe is the level of customer service we received. It was just about OK for the majority of the time but there was the odd unpleasant encounter with staff .

rooms were considered ok but hotel was way out and it took almost an hour just to get to the main shopping districts. Time wasted on travelling to and fro. This was the first time I encountered a hotel charging guests for shuttle bus fare ! Had encounters of the unpleasant kind with its staffs as well. If you are a shopper then this is definitely not the hotel for you !

we have just returned from a 5 day visit to Hong Kong , during which time we stayed for 3 nights at the Harbour Plaza Resort City. We are entirely pleased with our decision to stay at this hotel , although some forum members did advise against the hotel because of its location. But given the savings that you can get from staying here compared to elsewhere in the city at this time of the year when hotel prices are simply crazy , I think we have made a good choice. The hotel is modern , comfortable with nice decor , and is connected to two shopping malls with many restaurants where we had breakfast before proceeding into the city by the hotel shuttle. There is a bakery and 7-11 by the side of the hotel , so it is very convenient. I think even if you factor in the travel time on the hotel shuttle 40 mins and cost HKD18 one way , per person it is still a bargain. You can also take the Light Rail/West Rail/MRT connection into the city but that is much hassle and slightly more costly. We are pleased with the hotel service - very prompt and very accommodating. The hotel staff went to the extent of disinfecting and dressing my husband 's toe which was infected from an ingrown toe-nail , before pointing to the direction of a clinic .

