tiny room , perhaps the size of a jail cell .

what I did n't like :

this Hotel was a nightmare - great for night markets but that was it - stuck on some side street and was covered in scaffolding. None of the staff were helpful apart form one saying dont stay out later than 10pm - which was not so reassuring. the rooms were tiny - clean but your couldnt swing a cat in them so much so that i struggled to even walk down the side of the bed - i had nowhere to put my backpack and even thats not big. the bed was like concrete and every morning without fail there was screaming and shouting outside my room by a very rude chinese family - THIS WAS AT 5 : 30 AM ! ! ! sometimes before - in the end i got that fed up i wrote notes and left them on the corridor telling people to be quiet - they respected this until 7am ! ! ! how kind. It was completely un- relaxing for me and with that after 16 hours on a plane it tested the nerves slightly. the food was awful i went once for breakfast and got dried up noodles and an egg that had been cooked for about 30 minutes. For the price i paid it was not worth it - i could even open a window they were bolted and the view was what i can only describe as slums and the smell just drifted on in through those bolted windows. I didnt overly enjoy my time in Hong Kong i found people to be extremely rude pushing and shoving everywhere , snorting and spitting. I appreciate its their culture and am not knocking that but its not for me - maybe this was just my experience , but the hotel did not help at all - dont stay here especially if you are travelling alone .

good location , near to MTR station and some place of interest such as Sai Yeung Choi St. , Fa Yuen St. Dundas St. etc. Take the exit C4 at Mongkok Station then you can reach the hotel easily .

stayed at this hotel for a few nights during my last visit to HK. I booked via Agoda.com and got really good rates for a single room. Harbour Hotel is within walking distance to the MTR station. There is a market at the other end of the street so you can pick up fresh fruit cheap. There are two 7-11 each within about 2-3 min walk. Breakfast is complimentry but I did n't try. The rooms are tiny but the bathroom is clean and adequate. Do n't forget to bring a cord if you want to use free broadband internet Be prepared to sit in bed with notebook on lap ! Yes rooms was that tiny ! Rooms are serviced daily and they change the towels/empty bin but they do not change bed linen until you check out .

i am not sure where the hotel photos were taken , but it was surely not the room we were allocated. A double room where the bed linen didnt even reach the edges of the bed ! Dont try and get out of bed at the same time if there are 2 of you-there isnt room .

i like this hotel because the cleanliness &amp ; the room was spacious with LCD TV and very new interiors , one elevator working good &amp ; fast. The staff was extremely helpful. Location is ok : a 5-min walk to Langham Place , 10 min to Mongkok MRT. 15 min walk to ladies street &amp ; etc

the room including the bathroom was about 5 square meters in size. The staff does n't understand a word in English and the food I would n't probably feed even my dog with ! My husband 's feet would hit my daughter 's head whenever he moved during the night and there was no other way of spending your time in the room than laying in the bed- eg. while one person was standing up right , the other had to be on the bed ! Forget about bringing two pieces of luggage with you as there 's barely any room for even one piece !

we stayed at this hotel for three nights after Christmas. After exiting the Mong Kok MTR station , it took us a while to find the hotel because we got out the wrong exit. If you find the 'Langham Place ' exit , it is then only a 5 minute walk to the hotel. The hotel is not in a nice area. It is by no means dangerous , just not that nice. With that being said , the hotel itself is decent. It is clean , the front desk staff were helpful and there is free internet. However , the rooms are very small. I was able to stand in the middle of the room and touch the walls. Luckily we did not have luggage. Had we had luggage , there would have been no room to put it .

stayed at Harbour hotel for 2 nights for my staff 's incentive trip to HK. A bit shock with the size of the room since it 's very very small. I had a hard time in the night since my feet hit the desk. However , the hotel is pretty new and really clean. The location is good since it 's only 3 blocks from Ladies ' Market , where you can shop for electronics , cheap clothings and sports shoes. Also , convenient by bus and MTR. If you only need a room to sleep and not very picky about room size , it 's great. If you need space , do n't even think about coming here .

