fantastic new hotel - Harbour Grand on Hong Kong Island. Beautiful - espaecially at Christmas ! Could n't fault the rooms and service though the glass walls in the bathroom must be a bit disconcerting for those on a romantic spree. All the rooms have fantastic 'postcard views ' over the harbour. The service was impeccable and cheerful. Bars/meals a bit pricey but to be expected - there is a good SUBWAY at the corner of oil street if you want a huge sandwich , and plenty of other bars/restaurants.Watch out for the 10 % surcharge which seems normal for HK hotels and restaurants .

we stayed at the Harbour Grand for 3 nights in September. We chose the hotel because of the price and specifically for the harbour views. I had stayed in a hotel previously in HK with a great view and I wanted my wife to enjoy the same experience so we paid a little extra and booked a &quot ; Grand Deluxe Harbour View room&quot ; . I must say I was a little disapointed at the room and the layout. The view was there but you had to crane your neck a little because of the poor layout with a desk and table in the way and the windows were actually in the corner of the room. The design could have been much better to optimize the view. Anyway it was still a nice place and we were upgraded to the 41st floor so it was enjoyable. The restuarant/bar at the top had spectatular views at night , well worth a visit,

a perfect location for a hotel , overlooking both sides of Hongkong , a great view specially at night , accessible to all types of transportation,great hotel staff , could n't ask for more

i spent my honeymoon with my wife from 10th Dec to 17th Dec in this hotel .

this hotel is breath taking - ok the area is not the best but once your inside it luxury all the way - The views are breathtaking and the service inside the hotel is second to none. I would definatley stay there again. The hotel is 2 mins away from a MTR which then makes Hong Kong your oyster

an excellent hotel located close to the ferry pier and otehr important locations in Hong Kong. Pretty close to good eating places and MTR station

this hotel was fantastic , so much luxury , the room and bathroom were fantastic , we had a gorgeus view of the victoria harbour , the concierge and front desk provided 5 star service , they were so helpful , breakfast was top of the line , service in general was fantastic , will definitely go back

room

i work in the travel industry and have stayed at many hotels. This i have to stay was one of the best. Great service , absolutely spotless , amazing location for the views of HK maybe not 1 of the best locations overall , but for the standard of hotel definately worth the extra 10mins travel to whereever it is you want to get to. It is conveniently located within 2mins walk to the nearest MTR station and has all the facilities you would expect from a 5 * hotel. The restaurants were the best we ate in Hong Kong , the pool is great , and the staff are just so accomodating to anything you request. Nothing is too much , one day we wanted to find out what time the races were on and just casually asked one of the staff members , she didnt know but said that her dad would , laughing we said not to worry as we would find out elsewhere but she said it was no bother and called home straight away to give us the information ! ! Just little touches like this made our stay .. .

i flew into HK from London for the weekend en route to Singapore for a business trip and stayed at this hotel for 2 nights during the first weekend in Nov. While the hotel is on HK Island , it is a few stops on the MTR from the centre , which is roughly 15 mins in total travel time or a really cheap cab ride away. I did not find this to be a deterrent or a detriment to my stay here .

fantastic place , breakfast out of this world. Very kind and attentive staff. 5 star excellance. Fantastic start to our Honeymoon. Spent 3 days here and eat in the top floor restaurant on once. Pricey but worth the experiance .

this is a great hotel for a stop over. We stayed for 3 nights and it was clean , nicely designed and with a good atmosphere in the bar areas .

stayed three nights. Reserved for two plus baby and asked for a crib. On arrival 10 pm , the taxi driver did not know where to go and had to call the hotel for directions. The wait for the front desk was not expected as there were three persons there and only one other person in front of us. I repeated my request for a crib on check in , but had to wait and wait and wait for the crib. Talked to the manager on call when I was n't getting anywhere with the crib. Lily was apologetic and it took till midnight before she and the staff arrived with one. She said the crib on the 17th floor was taken and they had to find another one. The door had two dead bolts so I was not worried about strangers coming in uninvited. The hotel is located in a local commercial district. In the morning , this place was crowded with Hong Kong locals , but the night was quiet and dark. Not recommended to walk at night but we took taxis to and fro. This is a good place for tour groups and not really for individuals. The bathroom is avant-garde , with unusual faucets and see thru walls to the bathroom. Lack of closet space and hooks in bathroom. Some noise from the highway outside. Check out the breakfast buffet , but make sure you have it as a package. Facilities great and very new , but service needs some attention. Nearby cafes and 7-11 useful .

went in july for my silver wedding anniversary trip , the hotel was recommended to me by my travel agency destinology , as i wanted sheer luxury .

my husband and I stayed at the Grand Harbour View for 5 nights. It had all the amenities and services of a beautiful 5 star hotel. The staff were very helpful and the nothing was ever too much trouble. The rooms were on the small side and I agree that there was nowhere to hang your towels or swimwear to dry in the bathroom. Room service is quite expensive and so too is their internet service. The pool is lovely and it was great to get away from the bustling city to cool down .

this is great hotel. The lobby is quite grand , and the staff very friendly and helpful. The view was great , and having the MRT just a couple of blocks away made getting anywhere pretty easy. I felt comfortable in the neighborhood did n't think it was that bad and would return again if I had the opportunity .

i stayed for only 1 night. The hotel is brand new with a beautiful design and everything you 'd expect. The price was good as they 're not yet established. The room was excellent with great views over the harbour towards Kowloon. At 4am a male stranger crept into my room claiming the door was unlocked a lie and quickly vanished when I challenged him. I was awake with jetlag luckily , but if I was asleep I would probably have lost all valuables. The downside is the location.. it 's a subway ride to all the attractions as it 's located at Forresters Hill amidst light commercial businesses servicing cars and selling tyres etc. The MTR station is a 3 minute walk. Avoid the expensive restaraunt.. there 's plenty of good food nearby at a quarter the price. 5 stars .

what can I say - what a fabulous hotel. the hotel is new and soooooo luxurious. The rooms are all harbour facing with spectacular views by day and night. From the welcome at the door by the staff into the fabulous entrance hall to the chambermaids - all of the staff could not have been more helpful. I only stayed 2 nights and so didnt get round to sampling the food but the hotel was fab ! ! ! ! The only downside would be it is not a great location bu with the MTR a the top of the road you are never far from where you need to be. The room was spacious , tidy and clean. Even the bathroom ameneties were plentiful. I highly reccomend this hotel. ! ! !

i booked a transfer with the hotel , by shared minibus , this was good value and took the strain out of thinking on arrival. On arrival into the hotel the reception is very grand and really makes an impression. Check in is quick and efficiant .

i stayed here with my wife for 4 nights. we got the premiere room ,as it ; s windows is flat and you could see the wonderful skyline of Wanchai and tsimshachiu. Other types of room comes with odd shaped windows , they are at an angle,which i don ; t like .

we have just stayed at the Harbour Grand and loved it !

this hotel is impressive from start to finish. The reception creates an amazing first impression and the staff can not do enough to help. We stayed in the cheapest standard room which was still extremely well kitted out with mini-bar , tea and coffee , flat screen etc. The pool is lovely and the food in both restaurants of an excellent standard. The views of Hong Kong are totally breathtaking. However it is the staff here that really make this hotel stand out. They seem genuinely excited and pleased to be working in this hotel , they all seem proud to be working there and can not do enough to help you. The guy in the gym was so friendly and there was another member of staff by the pool to help you choose your sunbed etc. I work in the hotel industry and I have never , ever experienced better service than at this hotel. I would love to stay there again and highly recommend it to anyone .

i stayed with some colleagues in July 2009 shortly after the hotel opened. I have stayed in many hotels and my standards are quite high. I was initially concerned the hotel may be too far out from the main attractions , but it is so easy to travel on the air-conditioned MTR and I felt completely safe on my own ! I walked into the lobby and was impressed from the start. The staff are friendly and willing to assist at every opportunity , the lobby is everything you expect from a 5 star hotel and the rooms were great ! I stayed in a Suite and the views were breath taking - panoramic views of Kowloon and Hong Kong Island. We ate in Lounge 188 and the food was world class as were the cocktails and choice of wines ! The cocktails were a little too good !

we stayed here on 14 July to 20 July and we just loved this hotel !

i recently stayed at the Harbour Grand Hong Kong and have to say it offers the very best views available anywhere in the city - even better than from the peak .

this hotel is brand new and right by the waterfront. Rooms are small. The metro/subway station is less than 10 mins away by foot. There are truckloads of recycled materials to the left less than 100m of the hotel. Locals are sorting cardboards , electronics and building materials on the pavement from dawn to sunset. Very dusty and nosiy. If you walk to the station , you will pass by a TIRE shop with a bath tub on the pavement forcing you to walk on the road fearing being hit either by their tools or cars .

