stayed at the Harbour Plaza for a weekend in April 2006. A beautifully elagant entrance adorned with white marble. Staff very friendly typically HK Chinese . Rooms were very clean with all the amenities one would expect in a hotel of this class. One nice touch to this room....a wooden hot tub on the extended balcony. Ohh , and a view to die for ! ! No , not the fact that it overlooks the KTR , but an unrestriced view over Victoria Harbour towards HK island. Good ? You bet .

stayed here for 2 nights at the end of a tour of China and the rooms were - as others have said - very small. However , it was a brief stay and the Hotel is very smart with charming and helpful staff. The free regular shuttle bus service between this and their sister hotel just behind the Peninsula hotel in Kowloon is very useful and welcome.Altogether reccommended !

we had come from trips to bangkok and siem reap arranged by a travel agent in manila. we ended staying at poor hotels in those areas. fortunately , this hotel was suggested by a nephew who was familiar with hongkong. well , let me just say this was a very good decision .

this was our first stop in an around the world trip. From the moment we walked in the door till the time we left 3 days later the staff were kind and extremely helpful .

i went to hongkong for a holiday with friends...and we were on a value for money package...so this hotel was a 4 star decent stay hotel but rooms were extremely small with no extra space to move other than just bed to be fitted in room... although the buffet was lavish...ok for singles but not family standard room

my wife and I stated here for our 25th wedding anniversary and was recommended by our travel agent who always finds the best and we were not disappointed .

the central place in Hong Kong makes it easy to go to buzinesses , shopping and popular places in Hong Kong. You can enjoy Chinese food of good quality in Jianshatsui or go to Mong Kok quite easily .

have just returned from 8 nights in Hong Kong , staying at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis. Can highly recommend this hotel as it is away from the madness of Nathan Road , however close enough by shuttle bus or MTR or taxi. Excellent service from all staff , very pleased with one bedroom suite for 2 people separate kitchen , lounge/dining room , separate bedroom , separate bathroom , shuttle bus to and from central Kowloon always on time and easy to use , huge pool overlooks harbour. Buffet breakfast good value as plenty to eat , plus fresh and lots of variety - no need for lunch. Try the Chinese Restaurant on level 8 of hotel - we thought it was going to be expensive however had plenty to eat for a very reasonable price under A $ 50 . Also for your laundry needs , use the little shop directly on the left at bottom of steps as you leave the hotel to enter the shopping mall - large pile of dirty clothes washed and folded for A $ 7 ! Good views of harbour one of the reasons to stay in Hong Kong from harbourview rooms from level 15 upwards .

so , we get to Hong Kong to do some business in Shenzhen , and we choose this hotel because it 's literally a 3 min walk to Hong Hum station , which connects Hong Kong with Shenzhen , via the East Rail Line 40 min ride . The place is great , the hotel is very nice , big lobby , the staff was very helpful at all times .

quite a distance from the shopping spots in HK but taxis and metro cheap once worked out. Shuttle bus will take you to sister hotel behind the Peninsula Hotel &amp ; that makes the difference. Grand Reception area but room very small &amp ; basic - clean &amp ; modern. Son came to visit - we could fit 3 in the room .

get the club rooms as the cost of breakfast and drinks well make up for it .

stayed for 3 nights , club level- still small bedroom but adequate . Rooms geneally not made up until afternoon1-2pm. Some attention to housekeeping needed around ceiling - cobwebs and mould .

it is a lovely hotel with great views. The rooms are a little small but very well presented. The hotel is not that convienantly located but there is a shuttle service available. The shopping plaza is very upmarket but the food outlets offer good value for money .

for some strange reason we were not allowed to sit in the lounge area of the piano bar during the day,very weird. However that aside service was 1st class,the lunch smorgasbord was fantastic,the pool was great.On the down side the cost of using the hotel laundry service was way over the top,we stayed 10 days &amp ; ended up using the laundry company in the attached shopping centre.Rooms were small but who holidays in HK to sit in the room,all in all we would highly recommend the hotel , the food court in the shopping centre was very good value,a major plus was the free mini bus to downtown Kowloon .

this hotel is very nice with large ritzy lobby , a range of restaurants , and a fabulous pool see lots of photos attached to people 's reviews . We stayed for two nights on our way home from Europe. Rooms were nice , but one morning there was a &quot ; cigarettes and pickles&quot ; smell that upset my daughter. It was gone when we came back from our day at Dysneyland .

i travelled to Hong Kong to meet my mother , the hotel was fantastic and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay here , the buffett breakfast was great a wide selection to suit any pallett ! ! ! Staff all very friendly ! The room was kept clean and replenished everyday ! ! I room wasnt the biggest I have stayed in,but was plenty for all we needed ! ! The view was very good too ! ! It fit heaps of shopping bags without us tripping over them ! ! ! There is a free shuttle bus to take you into Tsim Sha Shui every 20 mins and the walk there is only 15 minutes and is very pleassant , the closest MTR is Hung Hom and we used this frequently ! ! The pool is fab and the view from there is good too ! ! I would recommend this hotel and use it again myself ! !

this Hotel has never failed to please , First Class Sevice in every department .

the hotel 's location is really good as compared to others which are in city 's Crowded places.Its has two view rooms Harbour View and the City View The City view rooms also have great views with highways and tall apartments in front of the hotel .

this hotel was slightly on the outskirts of Kowloon , in what I would describe as a concrete jungle overlooking the water. Nothing apart from the train station and the mall were in walking distance , but luckily there was a free shuttle bus that ran into the heart of Kowloon every 15 minutes. The staff outside the hotel who arranged taxi 's and buses were very nice indeed .

the Hotel is good in general...good food , rooms small but clean good location convenient free shuttle from hotel to main attractions. The concierge extremely rude and of course not willing to help us , they recommended a sea food place that was absolutely horrible and bad. The staff I do n't know... if they are not well trainned or if it is the oriental culture but they do not know what customer service is. If you are willing to sacrifice service for an OK hotel then stay here but if you can afford a reputable name like Intercontinental , Sherato or Marriot stay there. The swimming pool is very nice and it has beautiful views from the Harbour. Too bad the staff made our impression of the hotel not that good .

i stayed here for 10 days in November 2008. The staff where really helpful and you couldnt fault the service or quality of the rooms which where perfect if at times seemed quite small - but Hey ! its Hong Kong , every Hotel room is small. On the side of the hotel there is the Metropolish mall which is really convieniant for food/drinks or just general shopping that you require and the hotel are fine with you taking them back to your room .

harbour plaza is situated right next to Hong Kong Coliseum and the main train station in HungHom area which connects you to any part of HongKong or even ShenZhen , China . So you will not have any problem finding your way back if its your first time in here .

we spent five nights here over Easter 2009 with our 2 children 6 and 9 . When we arrived there was an immediate mix-up with our booking of course there was but it was our travel agent 's fault He had booked interconnecting rooms for the kids but they do n't actually exist at this hotel. Nevertheless the wonderful staff upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge which was truly great of them and saved us a small fortune !

the hotel is clean and relatively new and although not within walking distance from various typical attractions shopping , the HK Convention and Exhibition Center , etc. , it has its perks , too. For example , and since we traveled with a tour group , we were always the last to be picked up a little extra sleep ! and the first to be dropped off great after a looong day ! during outings to Ocean Park , HK Disney , etc. All the guests in the tour bus who were guests of the other hotels totally envied us. It 's also close to the MTR station that 's to travel to Shenzhen Mainland China and there 's a huge auditorium close by we contemplated on watching a foreign act that was visiting Hong Kong that time . There 's also a shopping mall connected to the hotel which was great for last minute shopping and for inexpensive dining .

the rooms are small but I understand that is the way Hong Kong hotels are but just enough for a good night 's sleep .

excellent hotel. I will remember The Harbour Plaza Metropolis for long. Staff were really friendly. From the swimming pool you have an amazing view of the sea. The room was really clean and the bathroom reflect a typical 5 stars hotels bathrooms .

we stayed at this hotel for two nights on our way back from 12 days in Bali. Unfortunately we did n't arrive at the hotel until after 10pm at night and really just wanted to sleep. We therefore only really had one whole day and night to explore Hong Kong. On our arrival we were asked if we would like to upgrade to a superior room suite and also if we would like to be allowed access to the Club Lounge which is on the 20th floor and which has an outdoor terrace and where you can also have breakfast and Happy Hour which , so we were told includes free snacks and cocktails. Both these upgrades cost a total of Â £ 90.00. The Happy Hour Cocktails consisted of red or white wine and beer ! ! The snacks were quite tasty but I have had better. There was free internet access in the club lounge but only for 15 minutes at a time. The views from the terrace and the club lounge were amazing. Our upgraded room suite was very nice , but really as we were only there a short time we did n't have the opportunity to make use of the space which included lounge , kitchen , bedroom and bathroom. The suite was kept very clean and the views were fantastic. Breakfast in the Club lounge was very good , the scambled eggs were cooked to perfection and there was a good choice. This however was the only meal we had in the hotel. There is a swimming pool picture attached but we did n't have time to try it. Smoking is not permitted anywhere in the hotel although you can smoke outside on the terrace. The club lounge closes at 11pm .

this is a very nice hotel. It is located right next to Hong Hom train station. Very nice swimming pool. The best burger we have found in Hong Kong. Rooms are small , but nice. Really cozy beds. Great , and fast check in. Friendly staff .

this hotel is a 10 minutes away from the main area , but there is a shuttle bus running every 20 minutes which is perfect. The rooms are small but clean and quiet. Hotel pool nice and there is a good gym .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis in February 2009 and would highly recommend it. The location is fantastic. It 's far enough away from the hussle and bussle of Nathan Road. But you 're only a 10 minute shuttle bus ride from there anyway. The free shuttle bus service was great. We never had to wait more than a couple of minutes for the bus to arrive. The bus drops you off at the Metropolis 's sister hotel just off Nathan Road. There was a pretty good view of Victoria Harbour and the Symphony of Lights show from our room. The room we had booked was a &quot ; Superior One Bedroom Suite&quot ; but when we got to the room we realised that we had actually been upgraded to a &quot ; Deluxe Harbour View Suite&quot ; . This may have been because I emailed the hotel to confirm our reservation before we arrived and requested a room with a harbour view and a bath for our toddler and I do n't think the &quot ; Superior One Bedroom Suites&quot ; had baths. Either way needless to say we were stoked ! The pool was also very nice and great for kids ! The only thing I can complain about is that the in room broadband internet is really expensive - HK $ 106 per day ! But all in all a great hotel to retreat to after days of trekking around Hong Kong !

we have just returned from a great 5 day stay in Hong Kong .

arrived in the evening followwing a flight from europe ,a warm welcome from reception , rooms and keys ready . Room with double bed was clean and spacious with key operated lights , clean bathroom , fairly well sound proof room. reasonable view of harbour area and pool below . be careful of internet charges , unlike most hotels even when you choose the 24 hr option the hotel system does not switch off and automatically charges you for another 24hours after the first cycle has ended . thankfully the hotel staff altered my bill when i complained.Room service was good i only waited 20 minutes for my order ,The bar is ok but a bit small for such a large hotel maybe there is more than one ! but the staff were very attentive and friendly .

booked through travel agent at 800HKD. Was offered upgrade to Executive Club upon check in for 460HKD. It is definitely worth it as it includes the usual club floor benefits breakfast , happy hours , 2 daily pieces of laundry , free wireless in the lounge , extra bath amenities but the best of it is the view from the top and the terrace overlooking the Victoria Harbour. Breathtaking view of Hong Kong and top notch service .

while the hotel has the appearance of a nice and large-scale establishment , the location is isolated , next to the hub of large-scale funeral homes , inconvenient from the train line the metro exit is confusing and badly marked from multiple platforms . Most taxi drivers do not know how to get to the hotel. Worst still , the locals have never heard of it ! While the room is okay the chair is broken ! , upon checking in i pre-paid from the U.S. already , the hotel staff tried for 20 minutes to sell me another room with different features ! Upon arrival , and having been on the plane for almost 24 hours , the last thing I need to listen to is &quot ; sales pitch&quot ; . This hotel is not suitable for North America visitors , it is catered to Mainland Chinese tourists. The hotel continuously sells &quot ; dining&quot ; experiences. The spa in the hotel is overcharged by at least five times of other local hotels ! The mall next door has &quot ; homeless&quot ; people living there , beware to walk there before say 10 in the morning before the shops open ! For the price , it is not worth it at all. You are much better off staying in a local YMCA with nearly half the costs .

nice hotel if out of the main area , only beef was rooms are tiny , we were offered upgrade at Â £ 70 a night which was a bit steep. Mini bus to and from hotel operates well , but if you walk back from centre it is quite a hike because of one way system , although this hotel was ok we would not use it again because of location,and room size .

first time staying at this hotel and was very pleasantly surprised. The hotel is right next to the railway station for trains into China Shenzhen and Guangzhou , for example , as well as the MTR station. The hotel also offers fantastic free shuttle bus service to the Kowloon Hotel in TST every 20 minutes sharp . There is also easy access to the Promenade walk along the coast if you 'd like some exercise ; it will take you to the Avenue of the Stars in only about 20 minutes walking time brisk but not running . I also enjoyed the use of the gym and pool/jacuzzi. The rooms are small , but this is par for Hong Kong hotels in general so you need to simply accept that. McDonald 's Cafe at the train station. Also the Metropolis Mall is next door , where there are restaurants and grocery store by the way , the rooms come with a kitchenette set-up with refrigerator and microwave and stove-top so you can save some money if you like to cook for yourself . The hotel also has its own lavish restaurants but expect to pay hotel restaurant prices - I 'm sure the quality is superb. Very courteous staff and very good service. They are doing some renovations on a few rooms currently , so I 'd call/email ahead and stipulate you do n't want to be near these rooms if you plan on spending any time in your room during the day typically around the 1-4pm timeframe there was a lot of loud drilling in these being-worked-on rooms ; if you have meetings/sightseeing during the day you wo n't even notice as for sure there is no drilling going on in the evenings. I will definitely stay here again .

i stayed at Harbour Plaza Metropolis for 3 nights in January. I did n't plan to stay there but it was booked for me at a very good rate , under $ 1000 HK with breakfast and semi-harbour view .

stayed at the harbour plaza in kowloon in january for 5 days travelling with virgin [ very good ] . The hotel is excellent the bonus being it is situated a few minutes from the madness of downtown kowloon. We upgraded on arrival to harbour view room with balcony and hot tub , recommended. The rooms are a little on the small side but it did not detract from a most pleasant stay , excellent varied breakfast , eating out is whatever you want but visit the Spice 8 food outlet in the hotel 's adjoining mall very good fusion food at reasonable prices please note hong kong is a pricey short break destination. A visit to the art museum on kowloon is also recommended , Would revisit but the jet lag was a killer !

harbour Plaza Metropolis : Hong Kong

this hotel was really great and since we paid not much more than Â £ 60 per night for a queen room , we were impressed with the value for money. The only downside is the location , it is about a 15/ 20 minute walk to the main bits of Kowloon. That could also be an advantage to be out of the hustle and bustle and the pollution. If you do n't mind walking a lot then this is a good hotel and an excellent price .

harbour Plaza Metropolis has all the amenities of a 4-5 star hotel and is reasonably priced. Heated pool , on-site spa , well-appointed but small rooms standard for this part of the world and great restaurants. Location is decent right next to Hong Hom MTR station and they provide free shuttle service to Middle St Tsim Sha Tsui . There 's a pretty diverse crowd here , with few Americans , an assortment of Europeans &amp ; a few Japanese travelers. If you 're staying in Kowloon or TST and are n't going to go all-out ie InterContinental or Peninsula this is a great choice .

my Wife and I have twice this year been to Australia and use Hong Kong as a stop-over , and on all previous occassions have stayed at the Harbour Plaza ~ wish we had again ~ but felt another Hotel in same group was worth a try and a different experience .

my husband gave me a wonderful Mother 's Day gift , a trip to Hong Kong , without the kids ! ! Our first time away together in a long time !

great location. Hotel is clean and is 20 minutes from the hustle and bustle of Hongkong. If you want some quietness this is the place to be. Rooms are cramped.Hotel sits on top of a shopping center and is close to the train terminal for those of you going to mainland China. The Hotel operates a regular shuttle to one of its other properties on the Kowloon side of Hongkong .

i really liked the hotel. Nice , modern , good breakfast , very good swimming pool , wonderful views at night. Next to the train station and with free transfers to the city centre. Rooms were kind of small but nevertheless I thought this hotel was a very good choice !

my husband and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis in Kowloon for 9 nights in Mid September 2008. The hotel is an excellent place for a long stay as it 's away from the hustle and bustle of the Nathan Road precinct .

located in Hung Hom on the Kowloon mainland side of Hong Kong , this hotel is 2 minute walk from the Hung Hom train station , and 5 minute walk from the Star Ferry to Wanchai , Central , and North Point. It is a five minute taxi ride to Tsim Sha Tsui. If all this means nothing to you , then the bottom line is that it is very well situated near main transport links , so it makes a good base. Rooms are spacious by Hong Kong standards , and some have basic cooking facilities. There is a really excellent buffet dinner in the restaurant every night , with somthing to suit every taste. The hotel has everything the business traveller needs comfy bed , room service , choice of restaurant , great access to onward travel . It is clean , modern , and represents good value for money. If you are travelling onwards by train to China , it is in the absolutely best location , because the train to Dungguan and Guangzhou leaves from the adjacent station .

it was always a dream to go to Hong Kong and we certainly were not disappointed. It is a magical city. The hotel was first class too. Friendly staff , excellent facilities and good food both from room service and in the restaurant. Rooms were very clean and anything we required we got. Very good shuttle service into Kowloom too. Would definitely stay here again !

we stayed in Hong Kong in February 08 for a week. This was our first time in Hong Kong &amp ; 1 week might be perhaps too long. Receptionists were not friendly on our arrival , we have booked our holiday with Virgin &amp ; had requested smoking room with balcony. First that room was n't available , then no smoking room was available , so they put us in a room &amp ; head receptionist said we should have a cigarette in the bathroom if we want to. Room was quite small as everybody says , but big enough for people who do n't spend much time there. Windows ca n't be opened so even though we came back after a day out to a clean room even with the air con it smelled of cigarettes. Room service was good , as we were disapointed with Hong Kong chinese food every meat had a chewy skin on so we had dinners at the room. The breakfast was good choice of european , chinese &amp ; british breakfast , so we made most of it. We only had 1 dinner at the hotel restaurant as it was n't the best food &amp ; quite over priced. There is another chinese restaurant in the hotel complex behind the shops , which was ok , but not to our taste again .

the Metropolis is a fantastic hotel to stay at. The one bedroom superior suites were HUGE and included a full kitchen. Great air-conditioning in the rooms too .

we went to Hong Kong for my mum 's 60th birthday. We surprised her with an impromtu getaway to the far east. She did n't know where we were going until we got to Heathrow. It was important to get the holiday just right to ensure she had a good time for her birthday. As it was a family holiday we wanted to stay somewhere that was appropriate for two senior citizens sorry folks ! and two younger twenty-somethings. After scouring Expedia , Harbour Plaza Metropolis seemed to be the best option. I was very happy with our decision. Situated in Hung Hom in Kowloon , the hotel offers spectactular views of Hong Kong island. Some people have griped that their rooms did n't offer them a great view , ours did n't either but if you were to take a two minute walk down to the hotel entrance you are treated to a magnificent view of the Hong Kong skyline , especially vibrant during the nightly light shows of lasers and neon across the harbour. And in my opinion , if you are judging a city break from your hotel room instead of out in the mix of things , you 're not getting the most of your trip !

i stayed here for a week with my family in June 2007. We chose the Harbour Plaza Metropolis based on the good reviews it previously had and its overall rating. We stayed in a Side Harbour View room and whilst the 'Side Harbour View ' was n't the main one , we did n't mind as we were n't there to stay in our room .

stayed here as part of mercury direct global tour. easy to travel from airport to hotel and check in was fast slight problem over booking re- breakfast but was sorted the following day was offered room upgrade to suit as holel not full then got free upgrade to harbour view with a nice view of the pool which was busy from early -late. Breakfast buffet with lots of choice and some friendly staff pleasent walk along the harbour to tourist center and ferry easy and cheap to find must see attractions although locals are very loud always seem to be shouting and personal space is limited in restaraunts,bars and transport

myself and my friend stayed here for 3 nights in August in our first trip to Hong Kong. We got an excellent deal &amp ; we booked a twin room with breakfast included .

upon arriving at the assigned room , it had not yet been cleaned. There were half-finished cups of cup-o-noodles and other trash in room .

this is my second time in Hong Kong and this time , I wanted to stay in Kowloon. And quite honestly , I accidentally booked this hotel instead of the Harbour Plaza Hotel , which is much nicer than this one. This hotel , although closer to the Star Ferry and Tsim Sha Tsui the central shopping and entertainment area of Kowloon , it 's not that exciting. The rooms are on the small side , the decor is rather pedestrian and the food is a bit overpriced for what you get. Tip : For food that is less expensive , go to the Metropolis Mall which is located on the ground floor of the hotel in the lobby. The views are not all that great either since there are quite of few tall building that obstruct your view. It is not really an area in which you can really walk around to absorb the culture and is located next to the Hung Hom train station... but it 's not the MTR station that you can take to Central. The saving grace was that they have a free shuttle bus every 20 minutes to take you to their sister hotel , The Kowloon Hotel in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsui. However , the price was right. Pretty inexpensive for Hong Kong. Had an okay gym and the pool was good to look at the harbor. It 's a bit of a snore but if you 're on a budget , you get your money 's worth .

overall is a good hotel to stay. I stayed for 5 days during my business trip to HK. The room is clean but small. A typical hotel room in HK. I have a side-window view of the harbour. Can see the light performance at 8pm , but with limited view .

we stayed at this hotel for 14 nights. The rooms are adequate if a little small. They are cleaned daily , but you are only allowed 2 tea &amp ; coffee sachets , so once my husband &amp ; I had a cup of tea that was our daily allowance gone for the day ! The shuttle bus runs every 20 mins in and out of Nathan Road , so you never have to wait around for any length of time. The gym was okay , but gets very crowded , so it can be difficult to get to use any of the equipment. The pool is nice , but if you want to sunbathe after 11 am forget about getting a lounger as they 'll all be taken. Breakast was by and far the biggest disappointment. The food was fine , but no matter what time you go it is always very , very busy. All the tables are squashed in together , and there are so many that one morning I could n't find my table and another guest - who I 'd never seen before - had to point me in the right direction. Most mornings , if we even got offered a cup of tea , I had to go and get any refills as no one was interested in serving you , once I even had to get our cups - however they could always find you to sign the bill ! ! !

spent 5 days at this amazing hotel. I was a little unsure as I had read comments about small room and distance from city but found nothing to worry about. The hotel is almost resort class , magnificent pool , poolside service , lounge areas top class restaurants and views and a free shuttle service to Nathan road. The hotel is a quite oasis from the noise and bustle of Hong Kong. We were upgraded to the club floor but without any of the priviliges as all rooms were booked. The room was large enougfh for two , magnificent harbour views and the best bed we have ever had in a hotel - It was a side Harbour view room and the ones on lower floors are exactly the same. Breakfast is magnificent as is the dinner buffet. Room service is inexpensive and fast. Beer in the inroom mini bar is around AUD 4.50 a can but we got 50 % off to $ 2.25 cheapest mini bar i have ever seen ! Cool drinks around $ 2. Supermarket in adjoining shopping plaza stocks everything you could possibly need at great prices. The shuttle is efficient and fast although at only HKD 30 a taxi to Nathan Road is a good option. One tip though when coming back to the hotel always stipulate HUNG HOM before you say the hotel name as there are many Harbour Plaza 's it seems. All in all I couldnt recommend this place enough. Friendly staff and exceptional service make it a home away from home .

my husband has happily stayed several times at the Harbour Metropolis for business so when I decided to fly over for my first visit to Hong Kong at the end of a busines trip for him , he chose this hotel for my stay. We got a suite with a harbour view and frankly I could have spent the whole trip in a chair pulled up to the window watching the harbour ! ! The rooms were average , middle of the road-not luxurious but clean and comfortable. But the view was spectacular ! one night we watched the harbour light show from our windows and it is a sight I wo n't soon forget .

the Harbour Plaza Metropolis was so much better than we expected. Thought it was going to be too out of the way after reading reports after we booked , but we found it so easy to get around , fast , safe and easy , especially having the MTR station so close. If it were raining you would not even get wet , as you walk straight through the mall connected to hotel and the over road walkway to MTR is enclosed .

we paid for upgrade as was offerred as soon as we got there paid extra $ 300 au for 4 nighs beautiful apartment had separate kitchen and bedroom and lounge room great views of harbour

what an amazing hotel ! I ca n't recommend this place enough. Firstly , the rooms were fabulous - incredibly spacious and the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in ! We stayed on the Club floor - if possible ask if you can upgrade to this. The rroms are the same as the other floors but you get access to the club lounge which free drinks hot all day , and a 'happy hour ' each evening where they lay on a lovely buffet and ALL drinks are free - worth a lot in a quite expensive city. You can go there for your breakfast too though it 's worth making the short trip down to the buffet restaurant for that as the selection is better .

stayed at this hotel last October purely due to the reviews in here , and we were not at all disappointed. The hotel was well located with the train station right across the street. The hotel itself was very clean spacious and friendly. The manager let us have our room until 18.00hrs on the day of departure so we were able to get freshened up before our flights home .

my wife , 2 Â ½ old son and I recently spend 2 weeks at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis during March 08 and found the hotel to be great .

loved this hotel everyone is very polite , mall and food court attached and very close to mtr &amp ; shopping

i stayed one night in the Harbour Plaza Metropolis at the end of a week 's business in Shenzhen. The room was booked by the company I was working for , and some of the reviews here led me to believe it might not be a pleasant stay. I can only say that my experience was excellent and I can recommend the hotel unreservedly .

i stayed at this hotel for five days last week and all I can say is if you have any other choice in Hong Kong , then take it ! It started off badly - you cant check in before 2pm , so if you have an overnight flight and arrive at the hotel to want to take a much deserved nap , you will be told to come back after 2pm at the earliest !

i have stayed at the Harbour Plaza several times over the past few months whilst travelling on business around SE Asia. The location is excellent if you need to go to Shenzhen in China just walk downstairs to Hong Hum station for the train and also for convenience Kowloon side - allow 20-30 minutes to get to Hong Kong Island. The room rates are much more reasonable here than in Tsim Sha Tsui onj on the island and the overall quality of the hotel and service is much better .

we have just returned home from a five day trip for the Chinese New Year. We booked our trip with Virgin holidays and from start to finish there was nothing to complain about .

my husband and I stayed in this hotel every year when we visited HK in the past 4 years. We chose this hotel because it was new opened 4 years and it is easy access to MTR with hotel shuttle bus and KCR rail. We booked the hotel through Qantas Holidays , with bonus offered to upgrade side-harbour view room and free breakfast at the Club Lounge on the top floor .

cons : tiny room. We were ok since we spent little time in the room. We booked business package which came with breakfast. At check-in , we were informed that only one breakfast was included. This seemed odd given it was a double occupancy room with two beds .

just returned from 6 nights at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis Hotel in Hung Hom , Hong Kong. Not to be mistaken for the Harbour Plaza Hotel in Hung Hom.The hotel is great. Large reception area with plenty of staff .

this hotel has it all for a good price. The rooms were a little small but very modern. The location is in Kowloon and is easily walkable to the Walkway of the Stars and really great shopping since the hotel is linked to a mall. The internet is not free but affordable. The hotel offers a car service for about 70 US dollars which is easy and highly recommended. The breakfast buffet is amazing and also highly recommended .

we were offered the harbour floor upgrade upon checking in but I believe you can do it in advance.It was about Â £ 30 per night for a couple. As well as the buffet breakfast in the lounge on the 20th floor,free cocktails and hors d'oeuvres in the evenings there were other perks like free papers , fruit in the bedroom and free internet in the lounge .

stayed 4 nights at the end of a Virgin Holidays tour of China. Read about the Plaza club before departing UK and arranged an upgrade by e-mail cost about Â £ 30/night per couple - more than offset by cost of breakfast &amp ; cocktails consumed prior to arrival. Views from the club patio at breakfast and for cocktails inc beer , wine are excellent but main benefit is that the hotel lacks any real decent bar/sitting out area in the main facilities and the Plaza lounge is a great place to relax before dinner and is also available for tea &amp ; coffee late afternoon. Breakfast in the club lounge is very peaceful and avoids fighting the rest of the guests down in the main facility. Location is a bit out of it but the hotel shuttle is very efficient , running every 20 mnutes to/from the centre of TST and close to the Star Ferry. We also walked one morning and it only took 25 minutes to get to the ferry and was a pleasant walk along the waterfront.. Handy shoping mall next door for those last minute essentials .

the Harbour Plaza Metropolis in HK was recommended to me on this forum , and I am so pleased I took this advice and stayed there. I was pleasantly surprised on arrival , this is indeed a very nice hotel in HK - good 4 star standard and perfectly adequate and nice for a couple of nights or longer stay. The staff on check in were polite , helpful , friendly , courteous and efficient. The room I had was quite small but perfectly comfortable and adequate. The breakfast served buffet style was extensive , hot and catered for both Chinese and Western tastes very well , but the most spectacular was the evening buffet dinner. What a feast ! This was very busy though , so you might need to book if you want to be sure to get in , but they had almost everything you could imagine for about 35 British Pounds - from steak , fish , chicken , pork , to lovely selection of salads , starters , chinese food , chocolate fountain , fresh crepes made to order and also souffle cooked to perfection while you wait. Overall - exceptional and would give this hotel 9/10 for everything. The only downside / well perhaps not really , is that it is a little out of the centre of HK , but there is a shuttle bus every 20 mins which is never full and being just out of the centre means I think it might actually be a bit quieter. This was no problem for us , also as taxis are so so cheap , travel around HK is really no problem at all .

we found the hotel to have fast efficient service. Rooms are a good size for Hong Kong. Proximity to KCR railway , bus terminal plus shuttlebus do mitigate the location which is a tiny bit off the beaten path. But overall it was enjoyable. The Harbour Club upgrade is well worth the price , decent breakfast , use of internet , a few other freebies .

located opposite the spectacular Hong Kong skyline and close to all the shops and attractions .

harbour Plaza Metropolis is quite well located in Hong Hom at walking distance from TST. Some rooms have great views on the harbour and the fantastic buildings of Central and Causeway Bay but the hotel is , in general , not really good .

we were really pleased with this hotel. Very good service , and a good deal for a hotel of this quality in Hong Kong. It is true that the hotel is not &quot ; in the thick of things&quot ; , but it has a shuttle bus available , and it is perfect for those arriving or leaving on the Kowloon - Canton Railway. I plan to stay there again .

very welcoming hotel after a mega long transfer from PRC. Rooms were of a good size with luxurious bathrooms. Becareful that if you have requested non smoking room you get it. We realised too late. You do see the harbour from this hotel and very efficient front of house staff. Food in the restaurant was absloute divine and although more expensive than the rest of our tour in the mainland still good value. We would like o mention dining staff who were superb in assisting with surprise anniversary treat for one of our family group. Recommend you try the mouth watering cakes in the promenade cafe .

this hotel is a very comfortable option for Hong Kong. The reception area is very grand and spacious , with excellent staff all around to help you. Do not be put off by the number of people waiting to be seen by reception , as the staff are extremely quick and efficient. There is an excellent restaurant with a first class buffet ! , coffee shop and shopping area to the left and right of reception .

lovely hotel , good size room upgraded on arrival to partial view of Hong Kong harbor , but would advise not to accept an upgrade unless you can see both rooms , the extra cost may not be worth it.. Superb range of food for breakfast , an excellent dinning room. Friendly helpful staff. Would consider staying there again. Convenient shuttle bus at door to Nathan Road and if you are out late taxis are cheap and easy to use. Staff are very friendly. Hotel could do better with a late checkout policy , having to pay for an extra day is a bit expensive if you have an evening flight. We stayed here for 5 nights before continuing onto Paris .

the hotel is very clean , the rooms are very small , but i think this is the case in most hotels in Hong Kong ! You have to use the hotel shuttle to get to key points , which is very reliable and not really a hassle .

when we got to this hotel we were asked if we wanted breakfast in the hotel we said yes &amp ; were asked if we wanted to upgrade to the executive louge on the 20th floor for 450 HK dollars for the 2 of us each night,this works out at about 30 English pounds &amp ; well worth it as the wine &amp ; beers flow from 6 - 8 in the evening , Also for this you can get coffee &amp ; tea any time of the day where they will also bring a couple of biscuits &amp ; chocolates each.We stayed for 2 days as a stop over to Australia for our 25th Wedding Annerversary &amp ; loved Hong Kong &amp ; would recommend this hotel .

i would recommend anyone to stay at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis , it is absolutely fantastic ! My boyfriend and I stayed there for 2 weeks and it could n't have been any better. Admittedly the room is quite small , but to be honest it has everything you need and most of the time you 'll be out anyway ! The hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly , the room was spotless and the view from our room was amazing .

this hotel fully lived up to our expectations. We stayed in a Harbour view room De Luxe for 5 nights , and although slightly compact its Hong Kong ! it was more than adequate for our needs if you were hoping to spend prolonged periods of time in your room- you may feel different The rooms are clean , up to a good standard with a decent size bathroom. The views from the room were a little disappointing and we tended to look over roads as opposed to the actual harbour.We were lucky enough to get use of the Club lounge for breakfast included in package ,which is defantly worthwile doing if you can because the views from this area are better than anywhere else in the hotel , plus the food and staff were excellent. The buffet that is available in the main restuarant every evening is a must have experience if you can afford Â £ 30pp to eat as much elaborate cuisine as you like. Travelling to and from the sister hotel was easy with the hotels shuttle bus running approx every 20 minutes from 07.00-23.00. The only downside of this hotel is defantely the hotels lobby area. Its constantly busy , with very limited comfortable seating for people coming and going , you therefore feel that you have no option but to go to the bar/cafe/resturant on check in and out .

my fiance and I stayed there for 9 days. We picked the hotel because of the reviews we read. It 's a bit off the drag but we enjoyed it because we do n't like the noisy and crowded streets of Kowloon. We also found the free shuttle to be convenient. We could take as much trips without worrying about the fare. We also liked going to the nearby train station for breakfast. We loved the service. There were times we 'd go back in the afternoon to rest and go out for dinner and would find our bed fixed and towels changed again. The night lamp would also be open upon our return. The staff are courteous and quick to deliver service. I also enjoyed the food at the Japanese restaurant in the hotel. It was a wonderful experience and I would recommend it to anyone who wants a quiet hotel away from all the buzz .

arriving from Shanghai , where we got a very large and modern room Mason Hotel for half the rate at the Metropolis immediately set the tone. The room at the Metropolis was half the size .

problems started at check-in. The booking was for a twin room , because I was travelling with my teenage son , but we were allocated a double - they said there were no twins immediately available , we would have to stay in a junior suite for one night , then re-pack and move the next day. After I protested , they said they would do the pack and move , but my antique gold wristwatch 'disappeared&quot ; in the process. They denied all responsibility , refuse compensation of any kind , and sent a bullying delegation of 3 men to my room to persuade me that it was my fault. Priceless !

this is a great hotel , top service. Rooms great , maybe a bit on the small side , fantastic outdoors restaurants .

we have just returned from Hong Kong and stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis and can not speak more highly of this hotel. The staff was fantastic and the hotel brilliant. We travelled with two children and stayed in a one bedroom apartment which was lovely and clean , well equipped and spacious. The pool , restaurant and facilities were fantastic. The hotel is not in the main 'drag ' but this suited us better and there was a free shuttle every 20 minutes to get to Nathan Road. I would definately recommend this hotel .

location :

overall a great hotel. Great amenities. Room was small but clean and comfortable. Pool was gorgeous and perfect temperature-- nice hot tub as well. You can order food from the hotel room service menu and enjoy a relaxed day by the pool if you need to get away from the busy streets of Hong Kong .

we just loved our four nights in a superior harbour view room. The service was absolutely excellent with no request being too much trouble. This hotel is a little off the main drag which proved to be sheer bliss after returning from the unbelievable noise , lights and crowds of downtown Kowloon. This hotel has the most relaxing , spacious and spotless rooftop pool - a real treat to recharge batteries. We even received a complimentary massage and because we stayed four nights also enjoyed the wonderful complimentary breakfast. The al la carte menu in their Promenade restaurant finished up becoming a favorite restaurant - huge choice and every dish delicious. We usually avoid eating in hotel restaurants . Although the rooms are typical of Hong Kong in being small , the wardrobes and bathroom are spacious with the best shower we 've ever enjoyed. This is a great value hotel with very comfortable beds and pillows , spotlessly clean and very conducive to enjoying a lovely blissful nights sleep .

the hotel has huge public areas , enormous reception block , restaurants , but incredible small rooms. Have never seen anything like it. No place to even put my suitcase. And I could literally not sit behind my desk without touching my bed .

this was our second visit in Hongkong I was amaze with our hotel this time. My family &amp ; I spent 7 nights at Harvour Plaza Metropolis it 's like home away from home. We have the family suite located at 9th floor , with well equipt kitchen , living room w/ tv , 1 bedroom w/ tv and harvourview on the window , nice and clean bathroom and nothingelse I could think off total rating.. EXCELLENT....... All the staff are very helpful especially the chinese guy named JOHN everytime we waited for the shuttle his always there greeting us and giving some instructions where to go , how to get there , where are the good places to see , where to shop...etc .

when we checked in were told we were being upgraded to a harbour view room. We then found out that it was a smoking room. The room itself had a really poor view of the harbour , so we asked not to be upgraded , just provided with the non smoking room which we had booked , to be told there were non available. The whole floor was smoking and it was really unpleasant. I wish I had been more insistent and would encourage others to be .

good hotel , has swimming pool , worth upgrading to the Harbour Club on arrival as the breakfast is free with that. A shuttle bus runs from the airport train to the hotel and the bus provides transport down in to Kowloon. Booked through virgin and got it or Â £ 65 for 2 people room only per night so was happy with the value .

my husband and I stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis Hong Kong last year. This was our first trip to Hong Kong and we were very impressed with the convenient location. The hotel provided a free shuttle bus service for their guests , departing every 15min between 10.00am and 11.00pm. Every morning we took this shuttle bus into the heart of kowloon 's busy city centre , which was only a 5min drive away .

we stayed at this hotel for a few nights after a tour of China. We found the hotel to be excellent from the start , we upgraded to the top floor , which they call the &quot ; Harbour Club&quot ; where you get a guaranteed view overlooking the harbour. It was great to be lying in bed and watching the Star Ferries coming and going. The upgrade included breakfast in the Harbour lounge , again on the top floor , and comprised of a buffet which you helped yourself to. The harbour club also included drinks and light refreshments each afternoon for a few hours , the outdoor terrace was superb and offered fantastic views of the Hong Kong skyline and the harbour below , so an ideal spot to enjoy a glass of wine or a beer. The hotel was n't located in the heart of Hong Kong , but an excellent free shuttle bus service ran frequently between the hotel and Nathan Road , a short walk from the Penninsula Hotel and the Star Ferry dock , and right outside a Metro station. If we are ever fortunate enough to return to Hong Kong , then this hotel will be top of the list of places to stay .

great hotel !

the hotel is coveniently located opposite the Hung Hom train stations , with trains coming from and leaving for the Chinese mainland. We arrived by train from Guangzhou and immediately saw the hotel from the train terminal. But then... how to get to the lobby ? No indications for pedestrians , so we took the risk and walked over the windy fly-over for taxi 's later we found out that you could enter through the shopping mall - a strange way of entering a hotel .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis from Dec 18 to Jan 1 and find it overall a pleasant experience. We booked a suite because we have 2 small children age 7 &amp ; 4 . I must admit I was a little worried because of some of the negative reviews posted on this website. When we checked in , we were upgraded to the Harbourview floor with a beautiful view of the Victoria Harbour and that was a nice beginning of the stay. The suite was spacious and clean , the kitchen well equipped. I did find the hair dryer in the writing desk , a somewhat odd location . There was no bathtub but a nice shower stall that did cause some problem with my younger daughter since she hated showers . House keeping was efficient , but room service could improve a bit. However , every person we encountered at the hotel were friendly and helpful , it did not matter that we were Chinese speaking tourists , the Conciege was extremely helpful and efficient. The mall attached to the hotel was very convenient , there was a laundry service at the mall which opened every day including X'mas and New Year Day with express service and at reasonable price , they even deliver to the hotel and that was a great plus . We ate at a couple of restaurants at the mall and they were OK .

we arrived at the hotel at 2.00am in the morning to a very disorganised front desk-it took along time to book in for very few people waiting .

we just returned home after staying 6 nights at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis .

stayed in this hotel for three weeks while on business. The rooms are extremely small , I felt really claustrophobic while in them. I could literally touch the television and desk with my toes while lying on the bed. There also seemed to be a lot of dust in the room and there was this weird smell in the closets. It smelled almost as if someone left their stinky shoes in there and it never aired out. Well , I had to put up with this smell for three weeks. I did everything possible to get rid of it â € ¦ I bought incenses , room deodorizers but it would only mask the smell. Anyway , in addition to that the room didn â € ™ t come equipped with an iron which I thought was extremely odd. You â € ™ d have to call housekeeping to deliver an iron and board to your room only for them to whisk it away in the morning once they cleaned. Additionally , some nights I â € ™ d get a turndown service and others I wouldn â € ™ t. Where â € ™ s the consistency ? I rather you either provide me a turndown service every night or none at all hey , you can â € ™ t miss what you never had . Oh also , there was a weird drip coming from the ceiling in the shower. At first I thought it was perhaps condensation from the steam while I showered until I noticed that the drip continued hours after I had showered. Perhaps I just started to become a bit nit-picky since I stayed so long , but by the end of the third week I was ready to get out of there !

the hotel itself was very clean and efficient. Typical with most hotels it was very expensive to most local restaurants and bars. One of our evening meals for two cost over Â £ 100 and we only had a bottle of wine and one other drink. The staff are friendly except the majority of the reception staff who could not be bothered to do anything other than their direct duties. They have a shuttle bus which takes you into town which was excellent cause you are quite a bit of out .

we a group of 4 adults and one young child spent 5 nights at the HP Metropolis. On the night of our arrival , we realised that we had been given two rooms with twin beds , not adjoining , rather than double beds-ok for adults but not for sharing with a baby we did mention that we were travelling as a family unit with a young child and needed adjoining rooms . Point for the future - clearly specify that double beds were required , else rooms with twin beds may be allocated by default. What I found overall was that overall hotel reception was not particularly courteous and the concierge seeemed to be always in a hurry to hang up the phone or rush off instead of giving us a proper hearing when asked for general directions around Hong Kong. F&amp ; B staff at the resaurant were ok. Food options are good for non-vegetarians we are vegetarians and so our options were limited . Rooms on the 17th Floor were very small. Our rooms on the 19th Floor which the hotel moved us into the next day are better especially with baby luggage. The free shuttle service to Tsim Sha Tsui etc are also useful and free shuttle to the Airport Express Stations are also useful. We also found the proximity to the Metropolis Mall and the Hung Hom Train station useful. Overall service quality of the hotel staff needs to be more pleasant. I would not stay there again for this reason .

we stayed at the Harbour Plaza for 6 nights ! Everything was so perfect - we booked a side harbour room which had a more than partial view of the harbour , the room was spacious and very clean , the bathroom was very modern and had a fabulous shower , pool was a great size with a fab jacuzzi and great views of the harbour ! Location was great right beside the train station 1 stop from Mongkok and so easy to use - best for technology shopping and attached to a shopping centre ! They provide a free shuttle into Nathon Road and a taxi back is very cheap ! Everything was perfect and i would definitely go back ! !

as always , it 's people , location and comfort that makes a great hotel .

at the end of a two week tour through China , was disappointed with this hotel. Room was small to the point that the bell boy had difficulty in finding a space to put our luggage. Complaints to the night manager only resulted in the reply that all rooms were this size. The harbour view we requested and paid extra for was extremely limited. Complimentary water was only complimentary for the first night , from then on it was $ HK15 per bottle. Whilst staff were not unfriendly they were a little brusque at times and were reluctant to accomodate even the smallest of requests. Having stayed at several other hotels of equal standing in Hong Kong will not be adding this one to my list .

i loved the location , Accross the road from the train station and only 5 minutes from hussle and bussle of Tsim Tsa Tui. The free hotel shuttle came every 20 minutes and always right on time. The hotel staff were fantastic , helpful and very friendly. The room was a bit small but very comfortable and the bathroom was georgeous and always very clean. I miss the exellent breakfast so much , the buffet and the veiw were equally brilliant. Joined to a 3 level shopping mall and McDonalds.The swimming pool is big and beautiful too , a fully equipt gym and massage room what more could you want all in one hotel , my daughter and I loved it.I highly recomend the train ride to Shang zen cost about HK $ 26. It is the best place to do your shopping plenty of shops and very very cheap , the train takes you straight to the Lo Wu mall. We will definitly stay there again .

hotel really good , everything we expected and more !

we have just returned from a week at the Harbour Plaza Metropolis in Hong Kong. As other reviews have stated - it is a lovely hotel - however the rooms are very very small .

room small , with a nice feel and with all the necessary facilities. Side harbour view not spectacular though presenting an ever changing vista. As a tourist , the location was good. The hotel offers a shuttle bus service to Tsim Sha Tsui , from where shopping , cultural and ferry services are readily available. This proved a real bonus for the way in which we could get about and familiarise ourselves with Hong Kong. We looked at the maps , rode on the trains , buses and trams. We walked to many places. We even got lost .

having just completed 11 days through China whereby our hotels were 3 * standard we were looking forward to staying in a 4 * hotel. Unfortunately the rooms were so small and functional that we did feel a little cheated. We also paid extra for a harbour view but half of the view is now taken up by a recently completed building. We had breakfast and dinner which were both very good , along with the service. There was a frequent bus shuttle service to the centre of Kowloon .

on our outbound and later inbound between Europe and Australia , we had the pleasure

stayed for 3 nights on a partial harbour view room which was bigger than some hotels in Kowloon. Location is good if you prefer to stay away from the noise and crowd in Nathan Road and the shuttle services are an added advantage .

