we stayed here for a 5 days stopover on our way back to Perth - we were very impressed by the size of the rooms and the cleanliness - the breakfast was fantastic - everything you could possibly imagine .

the location with the price at this hotel provides a great experience for a budget travellor with friends and family

i stayed at the property for 3 days. The Hotel is right at the central shopping place. MTR station is 2 min walking from the Hotel. The Hotel ambience &amp ; hospitality is too good. You get very good service .

the rooms were excellent and the service was very good.The hotel was very clean and close to all amenities

stayed here for 4 nights during a business trip. Booked a Deluxe King room and was placed in a corner Deluxe room on the 15th floor supposed Platinum upgrade .

i have stayed here several times on trips out of China to update visa etc. Whilst the staff service is excelent , just pray you do not get a room facing what I beleive is Mody Road ! 838 being one

good location. Although the service and the accomodation were excellent but we did n't feel very safe.what happend was there were 2 entrances in the hotel.the back entrance open into Nathan Road which is not secure.During our stay one night,one of my friend who need to go back to hotel for rest,we drop here by the back entrance.And she was follow in via back entrance by suspicious looking man right up to the the floor we stay. It was a very scarry experince and the reason i m writing is to hope that you will rectify this situation for the safety of other customer .

i highly recommend Holiday Inn Golden Mile. Very good structure. Courteous staff. Location accessible to a must-visit places .

i have stayed here over 10 times during business trips to Hong Kong. I have tried other hotels in the Tsim Sha Tsui area Shangri La , Intercontinental , Nikko ... but when it comes to getting the best price for an OK hotel this is generally where I end up .

holiday Inn is very good in terms of its Location , which is on Nathan Street. it is very near to MTR station. It has a little costly but good in house restaurant , where you can get few indian meals too. but there are also a lot of cheap options nearby. as it is situated in CBD the environment around it always bustling with activities. but just beware ! the street turns into a red light area in the night. so always try to comeback by 9 o'clock at the latest. i went with my wife &amp ; 3yr old daughter. we had a pleasant stay. But I must say that the staff is not very friendly , especially the reception people. we arrived earlier than the check in time. and they kept us waiting for three hours. you can imagine the trouble in staying in waiting lounge with a three year old. and staff repeatedly came to tell us to control our baby. We saw them providing rooms to many European guests. The love to white skin can be clearly felt there , even when this hotel is owned by an Indian. they offer a lot of travel packages of the attractions and you can at least get a bargain of upto 15 % if you try little hard .

stayed at this hotel for 4 nights end of September. We were a group of 12 ppl in 6 rooms .

hotel itself is old and not really comfortable to stay. TV remote was not working , clock was not working properly either .

we were pleasantly suprised with the holiday inn. our room was fantastic huge in fact , modern and so clean , although dont expect a view if your planning on staying anywhere on nathan rd. The outside certianly didnt look like the old daggy pics that some people have posted on here and the lobby is all gliz with crystal candeliers. Staff are so attentive and we received champagne and strawberries on arrival i think as a treat because our bags didnt arrive . The only thing they didnt tell us is that the front enterance on Nathan rd closes at 12am and the rif raf comes out to play so it can be a little scary if your on your own. Afterhours you need to enter via the side main enterance of the hotel. We didnt eat at the hotel as it is pricey , heaps of other cheap places to eat close by .

we stayed for 8 nights at this hotel part of a package , after 4 nights we were told to move to another room.Found this not very convient as we had 3 adults and 1 child and a lot of shopping.They tried to move us to a smoking room and when that failed moved us to a delux. Same type of room with very little differences only newer fittings .

i just had to write a review about the Italian restaurant at the hotel. I ate the best gnocchi I have ever tasted. It just melted in my mouth. You have got to try it .

following a good experience here several years ago , we decided to return with our two teenagers. When booking we asked for interconnecting rooms and were told this would be offered if available. On arrival we were told that none were available and we should have asked when we booked ! We said we were happy to wait until something became available , and went off on a brief outing , to return and find we had got interconnecting rooms. The counter staff are not in the slightest friendly or welcoming. Also , while waiting in the foyer after arriving on an all night flight , one of my daughters was approached by a roving staff member and told that sleeping in the foyer was not allowed ! She had been sitting on a couch with her head resting on her father 's shoulder ! Also , the only foyer toilets available required access using a hotel swipe card - whch we did n't have as we had n't checked in. These were really the only blots on the landscape in an otherwise excellent stay .

ok but the noise level across the road from the 7 Elven store at night into the early hrs of the morning with people drinking ,plus the hotel allowing the call girls to use the place as a connection point can be a little off putting.Hotel is doing room level reservations so ask for room or level that has already been done,all in all good location but bar prices are steep .

this hotel was lovely , we had a family room with two comfortable double beds. Our first night was on the 6th floor and there was a lot of street noise but when we mentioned it to the staff they moved us to the 12th floor which was really quiet. Our rooms were serviced everyday and the staff were incredibly friendly. The restaurants at the hotel were really nice. We would recommend when booking paying for the Full Buffett Breakfast at the Bistro on the Mile restaurant within the hotel .

stayed at the Holiday Inn for 10 days with the family. Nice hotel but.... the beds are SMALL. Since there was 4 of us 2 adults and 2 children we booked a room with 2 beds. Turns out they gave us 2 double beds. Now I am not exactly short 6'3&quot ; /1.9M and with my wife in bed with me it made for a very uncomfortable stay. Tried to complain but it was no use. The other bad thing was the hawkers outside the hotel. For 10 days straight they hassled us - &quot ; Want copy watches... do you want a tailored suit ? &quot ; every time we stepped outside the hotel doors. So annoying. Even tried to sell my 10 year old a suit. But the best thing about the hotel is its proximity to the MTR. Its so close and convenient. Made getting around Hong Kong so easy .

i have stayed here multiple times and have found the refurbished rooms and service to be very nice. However , both of us carried our notebook computers this time and were charged twice for daily internet access at 180 $ HK EACH , $ 360HK per day , even though we connected one at a time via the cable in the room. Ridiculous ! Will look for one of the many hotels with free internet next time .

the location is unbeatable ! It 's close to shops , restaurants and all the amenities and attractions of the Kowloon end of HK. The Hong kong island is just one ferry ride away and the star ferry terminal is a close walk .

stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in June. 2 adults and 2 children aged 7 and 12 in the one room. Plenty of room. On the 6th floor and had an interesting view of the street from window. More than happy with the service and the cleanliness of the room. Loved the location - very handy for everything .

i have been coming to the Goldenmile now for at least 15 years , always great. Yes , bathrooms are somewhat old the design not the latest , but good enough .

the Holiday Inn Golden Mile is a clean , modern hotel in a fantastic location. We arrived a little early from Hong Kong Disneyland Resort so we had high expectations and the staff were very helpful. We had to wait about an hour until the room was ready but as a bonus we got upgraded to a higher floor. The only minor issue was that our room was next to the lift shaft so the noise of the lifts going up and down at night was a bit annoying at night .

ive had two visits as tourist , this time it was work and it was my suggestion to the company to use the hotel , so a risk - not really as aways charming and helpfull staff , clean rooms , good security what more could u ask for. My only grip is the smoky bar as a non smoker but thats hong kong , oh I did sneak a look at disneyland , its ok if your in the area , but not up to LA or Orlando

if , and this is a big if , you must stay in Tsim Tsa Tsui , as I prefer to do so , then this is the hotel for you. I have stayed there dozens of times over the past ten years and have no plans to change hotels. My visits have been both business and leisure trips with the family. The refurbished rooms are nice although they do n't seem to have changed the carpets in the corridors for twenty years. Their german deli in the basement is only good for a quick bite. The cantonese restaurant is very elegant but there are far better options in HK for dining. The breakfast buffet is satisfactory but service is slow. The older concierge staff are excellent but the advice you get varies with who you happen to ask. Location is unbeatable. The MTR , Star Ferry , Ocean Terminal and a whole slew of seedy electronics shops are all within walking distance. The pool on the roof is nothing special .

we stayed at the Holiday inn Golden Mile,it 's in the middle of the centre,nice rooms and location,the only one thing whitch i did not like was that the internet acces is very expensive .

nice hotel with a great location. situated along nathan road , the busiest road in hongkong. all the luxury and branded shops are right next door to the hotel. the buffet breakfast is a must try. the staff are very helpful. thank you for hosting our familiarization tour

the Holiday Inn Golden Mile is an oustanding property. The room was immaculate and larger than other Hong Kong hotel properties. My room type and non-smoking request were both met. The breakfast buffet offered a wide variety of Asian and western specialties. The second floor lounge was staffed by professionals and provided a nice end to a day of business meetings. The top floor fitness center was more than adequate for someone who needs to work out while on the road .

this is a very centrally located hotel but obviously has seen better days. The corridors are a bit dingy , carpets fading , needs an overall refurbishing .

very Good Hotel in My Budget. Very Near to the Business Centre and Market. Have all the amenities. Had booked in standard room but due to non availability i was upgraded to Deluxe room at no cost. Excellent Location. Luxrious Rooms. Clean Bathrooms with Tub .

one thing i like in hong kong is everyone just walk walk and walk .

after arriving from a long flight from Auckland. When we got to the hotel to learn that the rooms were not ready so we went to kill some time. All the whilre the desk staff were doing everything they could to ensure that we got our rooms as soon as possible. The rooms were spacious and comfortable , slept four in two double bed. The view was... well... interesting. The amenities are just amazing free bottled water and toothbrushes were just a few. The pool was what saved our lives when it came to being too hot. All of the staff were friendly and willing to help you with anything you wanted. Every morning we went to the gym to catch up on daily excercise. One morning when we did n't have the energy to sample the delights of chinese food , we ordered room service and recieved the most delicous food. My compliments to everybody at the holiday inn and thanks for a great stay .

we stayed at this hotel for 8 days with our 2 year old. The room was spacious and easily fit a very small cot , as well as having two double beds , desk &amp ; chair. The furnishings were tired though. We did n't really bother to open the curtains as our view was of the Chungking Mansions.... lots of washing hanging out of windows and rubbish which looked as though it has been thrown from them &amp ; I 've never seen so many old box airconditioners .

i will continue to stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile .

in the last four years I have stayed at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile 5 times. The rooms are clean and in good condition. The service is good. Hari â € ™ s bar has a good band , but the drinks are expensive and the food okay at best. Being on Nathan road the hotel is in a good location for sight seeing. I would rate a solid 4 star .

great central location. Can walk to harbour and shops all around. MTR station is very close by and ideal for getting around .

i have stayed here twice now. It is a convenient location for the MTR and the Star Ferry. It is not a great location at night .

if you are to stay in Hong Kong and especially in Kowloon , or near Tsim Sha Tsui , remember this hotel. Okay , it is a bit old , and the size of the rooms are definitely small. In addition , when you look out of the window , you see nothing but flats and their inhabitants. But it 's holiday inn standard , nothing more. And you are spotted exactly on nathan road , you walk less than 20 meters to dive in TST metro station , ocean road is 5 minutes walk , hong kong island is one station away , you are in a commercial center .

went to Hongkong with my wife , son , sister and Mom. Being Indian vegeterians , wanted to select a Hotel where Good Indian Food would be easily available. So , picked out this hotel on the recommendation of my Travel agent , though I booked directly to get a better rate. It was a BIG Mistake. I felt cheated for the amount it costed me. I could have got much better accomodation at 1/4th price. And the location , phew , could not hope to get out after evening with my family , as it semingly became a Red Light area .

holiday Inn located right at centre of Hong Kong shopping at nathan road where all the stores near by and MTR metro station is also very close .

holiday Inn Golden Mile is really in the center of Kowloon action .

just got back from a 4 night stay. Shame that it rained for 3 out of 4 days , hence didn ; t get to use the lovely roof top pool. Beds were great size for us as a family of 4 .

this hotel is located right in the heart of downtown Kowloon and close to all the shops and MTR. Its a very handy location for the tourist .

stayed after several years with my family in Holiday Inn Golden Mile. Location is excellent if you want to be in heart of Kowloon but dont expect much from rooms. Still outdated and for the price felt not worth it. The rooms are stuck in the 70s....kettles on the curtains. They told me the rooms were recently refurbished. I doubt that. There has to be better hotels for the price $ 280per night in Central Kowloon

this hotel has to be the most disgustingly dirty places I 've stayed .

there was nothing about this hotel that makes it stand out from all the rest. For what we paid I was expecting a little more. The rooms were just an average hotel room just like any other hotel room in Asia. The bathroom was tiny. The only good point is the location , it was fairly central to most things. We were located at the back side of the hotel , which meant that it was very quiet , but the views out the window were nothing spectacular. Probably wouldnt stay here again ! !

i booked a standard room , during check-in they tried to sell us an upgraded room but I already thought the price we paid was expensive so no takers there. The room we had was 5th floor. It was okay but looking very tired and old fashioned. The bathroom in paticular , shower over the bath with plastic shower curtain and vacuum cleaner type hairdryer , one of my pet hates. The worst view from a hotel room I have ever had , looking straigt into the building next door. Very little natural light came into the room and I could n't even tell what the weather was like outside. No full length mirror. Broadband access was very expensive so we went to Pacific Coffee where it was a more reasonable price , and a good cup of coffee with a view of the harbour .

we stayed at the Holiday Inn for the school half term holidays. Upon arrival we upgraded into the Executive rooms which were well worth the money , The lounge was very good with drinks and nibbles in the early evening. The hotel room was large enough - 2 double beds which was fine for us and our 2 children. Very central to all local amenities and the hotel staff were very helpful. We noticed prior to our trip that lots of people complained about the view - but hey the old flats are what it was like around 10 years ago on all of the streets , so much has now disappeared so it was good to see a little bit of the history left. The kids loved Disney which is definately worth a visit and then each day was finished with a dip in the hotel pool with resident life guard and a drink at the pool bar .

stayed here for three days as part of a tour group. Great location for shopping all around and easy access to the MTR. The hotel staff were nice and friendly overall. It is quite expensive to use the internet in the lobby downstairs ! The breakfast buffet was included in our stay and was delicious ! Especially the waffles ! The service there was also outstanding. The rooms were comfortable and clean .

some of the rooms have been renovated and are fine however those that have not been updated just look dirty and old. Location is good if you like the most touristic part of HKG but if you want to stay away of the fake watches and tailors you have to go north .

we had a comfortable stay at this hotel. It is very clean and the rooms are quite big too. The location is excellent , in the heart of Hong Kong

because of the convenient location , I always stay at this hotel. It is at the centre of the main shopping area , near to the ferries and next to the MTR. It is close to everything , incuding many hotels which are several times the cost .

after checking the feedback from tripadvisor , I decided to book the rooms at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile as a place to stay during our Christmas trip in HK .

i had stayed at the Golden Mile previously in 2003. The hotel has changed quite a bit... For the better !

when we first arrived in Hong Kong we were meet with our shuttle to take us to the Holiday Inn Golden Mile , it was 7.30am when we arrived in the Hotel it was humid but lovely I recommend Shorts and a T-Shirt when travelling to Hong Kong. First impression of the Hotel was positive it looked nice and was tucked away in the busy streets of Tsim Sha Shui surrounded by high building , clothes hanging out windows and huge fluro signs , the concierge was also lovely , a bad room up sell was disappointing but we soon forgot this as the rest of the service was delightful the whole time , a little difficulty with language but the staff always smiled and looked as though they were enjoying themselves. Great location right across the road from the MTR Station and 7-11 the MTR is easy to travel around the whole of Hong Kong , we enjoyed exploring the area and found a great noodle restaurant and even a bar that had a happy hour AWESOME. We stayed for 4 days wish we stayed longer. Lots to do and see in Hong Kong this hotel is well known and there are plenty of cheap taxis around to take you exploring , Temple Street Night Market is a must in the area there really is just too much to name .

i stayed at Holiday Inn Golden Mile in mid December 2008 for 2 nights on our way back from Taipei. It 's my 2nd time at the hotel. Was satisfied after my 1st stay 3 years ago but this time it was even better. The rooms were refurbished and everything is so new , nice &amp ; clean. Location is superb , next to TST MTR station. Shops are all around the hotel .

well I m going to start by saying that this hotel is in a great location.As a hotel we had a small problem understanding the staff .Some of them find it difficult to speak english and it made it hard for us to communicate.The rooms where spacious and clean but as soon as I opened my window I saw a building full of garbage and an alley so dark that I decided not to open the curtains for 5 days..It was awful.So try to ask for a room with a better view than this. The restaurant was ok and the sushi bar as well. The bar of the hotel is full almost every night and it 's a fun spot if you do n't want to leave the hotel .

i liked the location of the Hotel the most. In Tsim Shah Tsui area very clse to the Metro Rail.. This Hotel is a gift to new comers to Hong Kong. There are a lot of plcaes you can walk around excellent hotels around &amp ; ofcourse all transport pick up points to any locations in Hong Kong &amp ; China. The bonus being the station for a train to SHenzen - China is just a few steps by walk .

we stayed at the hotel for 2 nights in May for a weekend away. We were upgraded when we checked in as the hotel was undergoing some renovations. Interior of hotel was slightly dated , but the rooms were spacious and clean , albeit dark. Staff at check in were friendly and helpful. Hotel is easy walking distance to pier for ferry across to Central 5-10 minutes . Also within close walking distance is Temple Street market. Mong Kok electronics , ladies ' market is also reacheable on foot from here , but better off catching the underground. MTR station &lt ; 50m from front of hotel. Really good value for money .

the Holiday Inn Golden Mile is one of the nicest Holiday Inn 's I have ever stayed at. I expected worst and was pleasantly surprised !

m  ; POB

this was our second stay , the rooms have been nicely renovated. The rooms are of a good size especially for Hong Kong and had been decorated nicely with bright coloured curtains , beadspreads and pictures. The room was clean and well maintained .

stayed here in August 2008 with our two kids 9 and 7 . Fantastic value for money. Definitely worth paying the upgrade for the executive floor. Excellent breakfasts which set us up for the day. Check in and room facilities really good value for the price. Staff so helpful and polite. Lovely roof top pool for the children. Great location on Nathan Road for the Star Ferry and sightseeing. MTR a doddle with children. Felt very safe all the time. Hawkers left us alone with a polite refusal and night market at Mong Kok a must-see. Would definitley go back to this hotel .

my hubby and I stayed in this hotel last December. Being a Holiday Inn , we did n't expect too much and our main purpose was to go sightseeing and shopping so we were n't too concern about the accommodation .

we stayed at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile for 3 nights during our short stay in Hong Kong. We were looking for a low price yet well situated hotel with roof top wimming pool. The Holiday Inn Golden Mile answers all these requirements. The king size bedrooms are very comfortable and quiet , and accomodations like swiming pool seemed to have been recently restored. Although , global interior design is not really adapted to European taste colorfull carpet , huge marble reception , black &quot ; look like&quot ; marble bathroom , ... , it is yet really clean and tidy. Moreover , the hotel is really close to the embankment where you can see all the lightings on Honk Kong island. It is also close to all shops and it is only a 5 minutes walk to get to the Star Ferry. We paid 110 Euros per night breakfast not included which is really a good price if think .

this hotel is within walking distance to Star Ferry , space museum , many attractions and many malls and shops and is in the heart of Hong Kong on the Kowloon side .

on arrival after having pre paid through my travel agent , I got the hard sell for about 20 minutes on upgrading my room for an extra Â £ 500 pounds for 5 nights. Reduced to Â £ 400 because things were quiet. I refused saying I only wanted the room I had chosen. It was like the people in the street trying to sell you a suit or a watch , massage etc... that you dont want and not taking no for an answer. Its the last thing you want at the recption after a long flight. Also the breakfast option again refused seriouly expensive , a short walk to mcdonalds and we had breakfast for 4 for $ 82. Maybe its just the nature of hong kong people to try and get your money for something you dont want. Other than that the hotel was okay and the rooftop pool was good .

i loved Hong kong , hotel very busy , room clean &amp ; spacious , the view WELL , not there for the view. Great location to the trains , harbour &amp ; markets. Reception very busy , hallways very musty &amp ; smely , carpet well worn , enjoyed the pool every day on the roof after my morning walk down by the harbour. We only ate breakfast there once , as we were room charged $ 60 aus not worth it .

holiday inn is well situated on Nathan Road and Hoarbour city. Only complaint was there was alot of construction noise during hours of 9 - 6pm which was clearly heard from 6th floor. We complained and were upgraded to a higher level floor room. Rooms were clean and of reasonable size. Breakfast buffet was terrific and would recommend this with your booking although is on the pricey side. Great for families as the pool is of good size , clean and has sun bed chairs for relaxing .

i went to Hong Kong for work. The Holiday Inn Golden Mile was chosen by the client. It has a great location on Nathan Street next to the rather seedy but still interesting Chunking Mansions. It is close to the subway station , the harbor ferries , and the Temple Street Night Market. So , for getting around , the location ca n't be beat. The rooms are musty / moldy smelling and the carpet has seen better days. However , everything seemed very clean and I had no problems with much of anything. The beds were comfortable and firm , the water pressure excellent if a little on the strong side. The front desk seems to speak pretty decent English but we did find that the concierge service was uneven. Some clearly knew way more about the city and how to get around than others. Why this does n't have a lobby bar is beyond me. All I know is that I would have bought many a drink if they had a bar in the lobby. Instead it is upstairs on the second floor and absolutely FRIGID. The good news is that they have a happy hour which we stumbled across accidently. I ordered a glass of wine and got two. The breakfast was fabulous. We never ate the buffet but the cooked to order breakfasts were great. I had both the Chinese selections and the western ones while we were there .

after some survey , we decided to stay at holiday inn golden mile because of it 's good location and airport shuttle bus to it doorstep. everything was fine , the first impression at the reception was excellence as it was fast and smooth. the room size was just right with 2 double bed. however , in the morning , while , we were still in our dreams , we heard loud singings from opposite our rooms , they were pakistans gathering for their praying , opening the room door. and the whole floor were almost pakistan. it was really disturbing. this hotel are really full of tourists from pakistan , even their ground floor , you can see a lot of them standing around in the night time , it is quite dangerous. overall , this facilities and location are great .

we stayed overnight in between flights between the UK and New Zealand , using priority club points. Transfer by airport express train went fine -- on the way back we even managed to check in for our flight at Kowloon Airport Express Station. We booked eight months ago , requesting a non smoking room with two double beds -- on arrival a surly , decidely unfriendly receptionist first tried to talk us into a HK $ 600 upgrade which we turned down , then she told us that we could have a smoking room with two doubles or a non smoking room with one kingsize bed. We were not very happy about this and as a result we got a free upgrade to an executive room with a rollaway. The room itself was great : obviously recently remodelled , quiet , spacious , lots of amenites , the rollaway and our suitcases arrived within 15 minutes. Because of the rain , I suspect , our son had the pool pretty much for himself. The buffet breakfast was expensive HK $ 560 and mediocre. Apart from the receptionist , all staff we dealt with were friendly and courteous. It 's a pity to staff the reception desk with arrogant people , because first impressions count and last. Would we stay again ? No. On our way to the UK we stayed at the Novotel Citygate near the airport which we much preferred and which has very good access to downtown by train .

i stayed in a double room on the seventh floor in what I understand is a smaller room than a standard double offered due to the fact that I was travelling alone . Whilst the room was on the small side , it was perfectly adequate for me on my two night stay. The room had everything I needed and was very clean. I saw other reviewers complain about the view from the windows from this side of the hotel , yes the view of the air conditioning units on the other building is not great but you are in central hong kong so what would you expect in this price bracket , plus I was too busy seeing the sights outside to worry about the view from my room .

we stayed at this hotel from JUNE 13 to June 16 ,2008 .

we could deal with the indians out the front hassling us all the time and the reception area looks beautiful , but when the lift opened , we had a sinking feeling .

i stayed at a deluxe room during June 5 for 3 nights. I was told it was recently renovated , but I wasnt feeling the 'new ' comfort of it when I arrive. In fact the room look just ok , not bright enough. We got a room which come with 2 queen sized bed and it was very good for family of 4 to stay all in 1 room. The bed was quite comfortable though and have clean bedsheet on it. The bathroom was small , with a bathtub that wasnt really clean and white. The toiletries came in full set , so you dont need to prepare any if you are a easy traveller .

this is a clean hotel in a dirty part of the city .

i 'm a repeat guest of this hotel .

we chose this hotel because I had stayed there years earlier and knew it is a great location .

found the 2 double beds perfect for 2 kids and 2 adults--so many places in China including HK want to charge for the 4th person despite the fact that there 's plenty of room. Clean rooms , superb showers , very easy to navigate both the hotel and the neighborhood , though we were frequently barraged with offers for tailoring and &quot ; copy watches.&quot ; One complaint about service : staff was not helpful with regard to use of subway/trains , nor were they able to get us either connecting rooms or decent views .

it 's a four star hotel but it 's more like a three star in the US since the hotel room is quite old. However the service is outstanding. The gym is clean and modern and open from 5 : 30A to 11P. The pool is open from 7A to 7P as well .

great location with 2 min walk to MTR .

after countless hours finding a hotel that would accommodate 2 adults and 2 children , we settled with this hotel .

my family &amp ; I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We stayed in a 2-double bed , non-smoking room. The room was clean &amp ; spacious for 3 of us my husband &amp ; daughter . Customer service officer was prompt &amp ; answer our questions clearly. Buffet breakfast was quite variety &amp ; more than enough to cover until lunch time : . Last but not least , I would recommend this hotel for its location , convenience for public transport &amp ; cleanliness .

we took this trip through JTB the enormous Japanese Travel Agent because we live there. They handle everything , including check-in. On the bus from the airport the local agent assured everyone that we would get non-smoking rooms unless we requested smoking. Lo and behold when we got to the room it was smoking. Front desk offered to send some spray to the room. As any non-smoker will tell you , that has a minimal impact on the stink which pervades the room. After a tussle with the local agent and the hotel , we were finally given a non-smoking room. The room was clean and comfortable. All you would really want for a short stay. The hotel is well located. 10 minute walk from Star Ferry to Hong Kong Island and right on Nathan Road , a main shopping street in Kowloon. Our room was quiet and we were happy with it. I would recommend it although it is not a cheap hotel .

nice hotel with a great location .

we booked the hotel as we knew that the location is superb .

i booked a room at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile through their online booking engine and secured a &quot ; special savings&quot ; 14 day advance purchase rate that required a full prepay and no cancellation. I then came back to the website two weeks later to book a room for a friend to find that the rate had dropped by more than 30 % . When I called ICH Guest Relations they refused to honor the lower rate. Call me crazy , but one would think that a full upfront , no cancellation 14 day advance notice booking would be lower than one booked with no strings attached. Despite their book with confidence , low price guarantee , customer service refused to honor the lower rate. I do n't think I will ever stay there again. WHAT A TERRIBLY CUSTOMER UNFRIENDLY HOTEL ! !

at first we were staying at the Sheraton in Kowloon , Hong Kong but found it was n't right in the city centre , and was a terrible hotel for the huge amount of money that we paid per night. We inspected the Holiday Inn and the staff were lovely and extremly helpful. They happily showed us their rooms and arranged to have our bags moved. They also advised us on all the right subway routes to go to all the shopping hotspots. The rooms were far larger than the Sheraton and far more comfortable. The beds were great ! It 's location was probably the best in Kowloon , right in the middle of Nathan Street with many subways located around it. although subways are dotted everywhere It was very quiet which meant alot to us. It was a fair price as well. We were very happy with the hotel and would highly reccommend it , we are very picky markers and could not find any fault with this hotel. At the end of the trip we had accumulated so much luggage we were afraid we would be charged lots of money on the flight back home. The staff happily weighed all of our luggage and gave us advice on what to do. It is also very secure with a &quot ; bouncer&quot ; outside the hotel at all times. On our second day we discovered the wonderful steam room , whoch is a great escape after a full day of walking. Remember expensive is not always the best !

this hotel charges 4 HK $ US $ .0.50 per minute for internet usage which is a deal-killer for me since I use the internet so much while traveling. This gives me a bad impression of the hotel since it 's about on the level of charging for TV usage or putting a coin operated lock on the bathroom in this day and age. I do n't mind if they charge a flat rate of say $ US5 per day for an internet connection but if they are going to advertise a wireless internet connection in the room then they need to tell you they charge for it by the minute because that makes it basically unusable. If I had known that I would n't have stayed there but fortunately it was for only one night .

this was our first visit with our two children.Top notch accomadation with a premium location and we at all times felt secure.The restaraunt breakfast was a daily highlight. .Our return trip is already being planned for 2008 .

one of the eternal landmarks of Hong Kong and Nathan Road is the old Golden Mile. It has undergone several renovations over the years and the top floors 14 + are very nicely done. If you do have the misfortune of getting on a lower level say 8 or lower it is still pretty nice , but getting quite dated. The view is terrible from either side an alley way on one side , a tailor and housing on the other but take a 5 minute walk to the harbor. There are a ton of things to do within a 5 minute walk as long as you do n't mind being in a constant crowd organized chaos . Be sure the check out the Spaghetti House and Deli France if you 're tired of local fare. For laundry , do n't use the in-hotel service , but walk to the back of the lower level of the horrible looking Chungking Mansion , and you 'll find the very nice lady at Purity Laundry. Save you a ton of money , and get your clothes back within 4-5 hours. Be sure to check out Hari 's bar , happy hour until 9 pm , great place to watch the ladies of the night in action , and look down on the busy area outside while sipping some spirits. As far as the &quot ; tailor sir tailor&quot ; &quot ; copy watch&quot ; as these guys , just ignore them. If you make the mistake of saying no , or even worse shaking their hand , they got cha ! Just walk on by like the locals do .

stayed here for 3 nites. the room was clean and comfortable however the room that i stayed in was facing an old building. Maybe for future stays I would opt for rooms facing the other side of the hotel. Superb location for shopping and travel. It was personally easy for me to get halal food as the bulding next to the hotel has many halal outlets and even across the road .

we stayed here for 3 nights with our 2 young children , and found the staff to be extremely helpful , the room was tastefully decorated and comfortable and the location is just superb if your only in Hong Kong for a few days and want to do alot of exploring .

the location of this hotel can not be faulted , a five minute stroll to Star ferry terminal , and a 60 second walk to the MTR station. The rooms were of an average size , although the bathroom was a little on the small side , but the room in general was very clean , with a really comfy kingsize bed and pillows !

have just returned from a 6 day holiday not stopover to Hong Kong. We picked this hotel from its location on Nathan Road and price. There were three women on our holiday sharing a standard room. We were offered an upgrade at a price but decided we were n't actually going to be in our room much to warrant paying extra. Yes , there was n't much of a view out of our window on the 6th floor , but we did n't pick this hotel for its view. The room was tidy , had everything we needed for our stay and was roomy enough for the three of us .

stayed here for 7 days during the busy HK Jewelery Fair late September . I prefer to stay on the Kowloon side where this hotel is located , albeit HKCEC convention center is opposite on HK island. Really can not fault this hotel for anything. I stayed on the club level which was nice. These rooms have apparently been upgraded beyond the standard accommodations , so I can â € ™ t comment on the regular guestrooms. Nice evening hors d'oeuvres and continental breakfast in the club lounge. Do n't know how much extra this privilege costs , as I was on business...but I would imagine it could be a worthwhile supplement esp. for 2 people if priced at or below US $ 50/day. The greatest thing about this hotel is their location. While I do n't do my shopping on Nathan Road don â € ™ t fall for the hecklers on Nathan Rd â € ¦ although SAM â € ™ S TAILOR SHOP yellow sign on Nathan Rd is very good and reasonably priced , you are literally right across the street from the MRT tube station. Alternately , you can walk to the Star Ferry 10-15 minute casual walk and take the scenic route to HK island via the harbor ferry. Buy an Octopus card and you 'll be all set for boats , trains and Airport Express. There is a minimum initial deposit of HK $ 150 required , but you will blow through this quick enough if you do any amount of moving about during your stay. It 's also nice that they allow you to cash out at the end of your trip...in case you have extra money left on your Octopus. Only complaint is that in-room internet is not free not even in Club level rooms . Again , since I was on business , this was not a big deal to me...but I resent any hotel that feels it necessary to nickel and dime its guests to death. Most Holiday Inn 's have free internet , so not sure why this one is an exception. There are 2 PC workstations in the club lounge with free i-net for those without laptops. Staff attitude is generally very polite , although at times a bit stiff I 'm referring specifically to the club lounge staff . This is a nice hotel , but certainly not the Ritz or Shangri-la...so please drop the fussy attitudes there was one lady at the club lounge desk in particular who was a real piece of work...they should force her to undergo attitude adjustment therapy of some kind. I wrote this off to typical Hong Kong arrogance , so no big deal to me. Housekeeping staff was superb , as was the concierge. Just beware of high hotel prices during conventions. I think my executive club room was priced around HK 1600 quite good ! ...however , I recently looked into booking the same room for October and the lowest rate is nearly HK 3600 ! Forget it , for that price I will take my business to the Intercontinental ! I will say that this is the second nicest Holiday Inn I 've seen...only behind the Ploenchit sp ? Road hotel in Bangkok The other Holiday Inn in Bangkok looks dreadful . But nice or not , no Holiday Inn is worth USD $ 450 per night !

the Holiday Inn Golden Mile was booked through our travel agent as an overnight stopover after a holiday in Europe and I 'm pleased to say it was excellent .

we have just returned from a 3 week trip to China. Our stay in Hong Kong was the final leg of the journey. We had been very happy with all accommodation during our stay and the Holiday Inn did not let us down. From the very minute of our arrival we were treated with great respect and courtesy. Our flight from Beijing to Hong Kong had been delayed by 5hours and on hearing this the reception staff checked us in with great speed and ensured that our luggage was taken to our rooms immediately. The reception staff especially Cindy were all extremely friendly and helpful and all had very good english. We had 2 connecting rooms which were very spacious , spotlessly clean and had lovely fresh good quality fluffy white towels in the bathroom. Breakfast next morning was buffet style and every food you could wish for was there. Fresh fruit , yogurt , cereals , all types of hot western food , chinese food and continental food. The breads , rolls , croissants etc were all very fresh and all food was continuously replenished right up to 10am. We used the restaurant 1 afternoon and the lunch memu was very extensive and again buffet style and food was great - especially the desserts. We stayed 3 nights. We would highly recommend this hotel. It is very well located. The hotel is has a 3 * rating but I would say it is nearer to 4 * .

you can be anywhere in a matter of minutes when you stay in this hotel. Everything is accessible. It is near the subway , convenience stores , restaurants,near the ferry , bus and taxi stop , the post office , near the shopping malls , near the Museums and near the bay ! .

when looking for a good stopover on way home , our travel agent suggested the Golden Mile , in Hong Kong. We got an excellent package deal which included a wonderful sightseeing tour , one free dinner and airport transfers. Fingers crossed we booked , and were not in any ways disappointed. My first impression of the hotel was ..wow...the staff were polite and friendly , and our room was much bigger than expected. I was prepared for the view of neighbouring apartments , and the rubbish that falls on to lower rooves , so saw it as a piece of culture in how other countries live. The room was a delight , large and clean with all amenities...and a comfortable bed ! Location was excellent for the harbour and ferry , and shopping on Nathan Rd. I even had my hair cut and styled downstairs at the salon which was superb. Our included dinner was delicious. While food was reasonably priced , we did learn to drink only water at meal time and buy our drinks from convenience store and take back to our room to avoid exorbitant prices. Hotel staff were approachable , friendly and always smiling and willing to help. I would recommend this hotel to anyone , we could not fault it .

the Holiday Inn Golden Mile is a perfect destination hotel. Not only is it located in the Heart of Kowloon on Nathan Rd , it also has it 's own mini shopping mall too , as well as four delightful dining experiences and a rooftop pool with bar , oh and a gym , if anyone really wants to continue their fitness on holiday .

you 're paying for the location...plain and simple .

a very busy hotel with good size rooms. We are a family of four with two children aged 9 &amp ; 11. We chose one room with two double beds as this was a two night stopover to break our London - Sydney flight with a shopping blitz. Upon check in we were offered a plethora of added fee upgrades of which we choose one at $ 200 HK per night that offered the children dine free and a 30 % discount in all hotel restaurants. This payed for itself and some since we had dinner at the hotel buffet both nights. Best way to describe the hote is - We were comfortable. Our room appeared to be recently renovated and was immaculately clean. Bathroom very small. The hotel pool on the roof provided a nice setting. The staff were very friendly and all spoke english. The room maid was over zelous and could n't wait to clean our room each day , it was a bit annoying knowing he was waiting. The complimentary water bottles in our room was a nice touch and when housekeeping relised there was four of us they replenished the water and cosmetics very promptly. our room rate included a late 6pm checkout at no charge which was very handy. Our son had an incident in the hotel buffet were he accidently broke a glass coke bottle with a glass fragment cutting his cheek slightly. The restaurant manager was extremely attentative calling first aid and a duty manager immediately whom promptly attended. They escorted him with my wife to our room were they attended to him very attentively. Upon checkout the next evenning the same duty manager in a very busy lobby left what she was doing to see if all was ok , which it was and paid particular attention to our son. I thought this was very impressive and personal of her for such a minor incident. Ideal location and hotel for a Hong Kong shopping spree. Exceptional value for money. Was recommended to me by both a friend and travel agent whom both stayed there. I have already recommended it to others .

booked online for executive club room. 2 double beds .

we were recommended this hotel and it was definitely as described , it is central , 5 star and great service. We decided to upgrade to Executive level as it was the same price when we booked direct with the hotel compared with the normal room via the travel agent. You got so many extra 's eg. drinks and nibblies at night , I was drinking Chivas Regal every night , also coffee and bikkies anytime during the day , also a great breakfast all inclusive. So we definitely got our moneys worth , oh also you were always on the 17th or 18th level and checked in there too. The hotel is really central and you can walk to the Star Ferry , walk to Temple St Markets , also Ladies Markets and also an easy 35mins on a train to Shenszen , China the only place to go shopping , it was the best and cheapest anywhere . Loved the place and would definitely go back there. Just beware of all the touting as soon as you walk out the hotel door but it is everywhere. Also if you can avoid June please do as it was so hot in June but there was always so many shops with air conditioning to go into , so you just put up with it .

i travel almost constantly across Asia , and the Holiday Inn Golden Mile is one of my favourite hotels. and perhaps the best Holiday Inn anywhere in Asia except perhaps for the new , funky Holiday Inn at Ploenchit Rd in Bangkok .

we stayed at this hotel on our return journey from Taiwan. There is a free shuttle bus service K3 to/from Kowloon Aiport Express station which will save you the taxi fare , however the taxi fare from Kowllon Airport Express station will only be about 60 HK dollars max which is about four quid @ May 2007 prices .

booked two rooms at the Exeuctive Club floor for four nights. We found the rooms extremely spacious for HK standard - imagine a King bed , a two-seater couch , coffee table and still ample space for my toddler to run around ! This was a welcome change from our last visit where we stayed at the highly rated hotel at Mongkok area. Also , rooms were well-lit .

having seen previous reviews we opted to upgrade - the extra was only HK $ 200 = Â £ 13 a night - and we could n't find fault with the room , hotel or service. The Austrian restaurant was great value , especially the buffet - and again excellent service .

while you could never claim that the Holiday Inn Golden Mile is one of the world 's great hotels , our 2 night stay was perfectly satisfactory. Upon arrival at 9am - and not really expecting to be able to check in - a room was quickly prepared for us. We were also given late check out till 5pm .

the hotel was booked as part of a package deal. We were in a double room for 3 nights. We did n't use all the hotel 's facilities as we were out sightseeing or shopping most of the time .

this is one of the best hotels in Hong Kong .

we have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile. I read several reviews here before making my booking , and I must say that I was feeling concerned upon arrival as most people had said that they did not receive the rooms they had booked , and were upsold to more expensive rooms etc. On arrival , the staff were friendly , our rooms were ready , and were very nicely decorated. We travelled with 5 children , and requested interconnecting rooms which we received. Both rooms had 2 doubles , and were quite large by comparison of some that I have stayed in. The views out the window that people complain about are very typical Hong Kong , and honestly if this offends you , maybe you should not go to Hong Kong. The breakfast buffet was great , food for all cultures , eggs cooked for you. We ate there every morning , and did n't feel the need for lunch. We took a piece of fruit from the buffet , and they encouraged our children to take something from the bakery. We ordered room service one night about 10.15pm. Took approx 10 mins. Pricing was good , and food was great. Arrived in the hot trolley , and left to eat when you were ready. Location was my main reason for booking , with my youngest 6 years , the mtr and the ktr right over the road. At the end of a long day 8 days in a row this was great , straight off the train into hotel. The hawkers seemed to be outside all major hotels , and yes they are annoying. Once again if you stay in the Tsim Sha Tsui area this is to be expected. The firm no works , but they do this every time you come and go. We were given 2pm check out without charge , and our whole experience was great. I would return and recommend this hotel. Staff in Cafe Vienna were very helpful , offering where to shop and where not to. We found this valuable. Overall a great stay .

this was the last stop for us on a four week tour of Australia , before our return to the UK .

the Holiday Inn was clean , the staff was helpful , and the workout room was well equipped. I would give it 3.5 out of 5 stars. The restaurant was only passable , but served the purpose for breakfast. If you have the money , stay somewhere with a decent view of the Victoria Harbour and with better restaurants. We walked to the InterContinental hotel in Kowloon on the harbour one night for drinks and dinner. It was much nicer and seemed like a true 4 to 5 star hotel .

the hotel was right near Nathan Road on Kowloon and an easy walking distance to the harbour. Only disadvantage was the number of hawkers as soon as you left the hotel

stayed 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile hotel over new year eve 2006. Chose this hotel because we wanted to stay in the city centre and that unfortunately most of the surrounding cheaper hotels were fully booked during the holiday season .

we stayed at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile last week , on our way back to Europe from Australia. We have stayed here before and like the location of the hotel. We are Priority Club members. Our flight arrived at 4.30 am and we arrived at the hotel very early in the morning and asked the front desk if they could store our bags until the room was ready. The very friendly and efficient man at the front desk informed us that our room was not ready this early , but he would give us another room to use in the meantime. This was completely unexpected but very welcome ! We were shown to a renovated room - it was clean and spacious. We freshened up and left for the day. When we returned in the late afternoon our bags had been moved to our Executive Club Room. Another clean , spacious room ; 2 queen size beds , bathrobes , slippers , complimentary water and lots of other nice touches. Executive Club level includes access to the lounge , with cocktails from 6 - 8 pm and breakfast. My only complaint about the Lounge would be that there were no drinks save for coffee in the lounge outside of cocktail and breakfast times. Free intenet in the lounge as well , which was great. My husband and I used the gym - it was clean and well-equipped. Breakfast in the morning was great - included eggs to order , plenty of western and Asian choices. We were given a 4 pm checkout with no extra charge. Hotel arranged airport pick-up and drop-off for us .

i probably could write a really bad review about this hotel but wanted to be fair to the company .

we stayed at the Holiday inn Golden Mile for four nights on our way to Oz. As a treat we decided to book an Executive Club room. it was well worth it. On arrival we had personalised check in which was very efficient. Unfortunately we were given a smoking room. We complained and were moved straight away. The service was very efficient , if sometimes a little impersonal and included transfers to &amp ; from the airport organised by e-mail at an extra cost . The lady at the travel desk was most helpful with advice and organising trips for us .

i was very disappointed after checking in at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile. Being a member of their Priority Club , I bookd a room believing their promise of a guaranteed lower-than-anywhere else rate. I even called to check that all their rooms were recently renovated and the operator who answered the call said that all rooms were renovated .

i just returned from a 4 day stay at Holiday Inn Golden Mile. It was my first trip to Hong Kong , but I 've been to Asia many times. Lets first talk about the good sides of this hotel : I had a standard room an 15th floor , just new renovated. The rooms are resonable sized , clean and friendly looking. The bed was excellent and the bathroom clean as I expected. Absolutly nothing to complain. For internet access you need to pay. The disadvantage : looking out of the window simply shows ugly backsides of the economy boom in HK. So do n't do it and keep the curtains closed. The hotel is nicely located , many restaurants are nearby and of course in the middle of many shopping malls. The hotel as it has a lot to offer in terms of bars and restaurants. Breakfast is expensive and not included. To central its just a star boat ride over the lagoon and very convinient. Now to the bad side : they will try to sell you an upgrade which is none - that 's what happend to me. But at 10 pm after a 20 hour trip , you are glad to be in a hotel. I encountered this later the week. A hotel that I can not trust , I will never return .

my husband and I have just returned from 10 days spent at the Holiday Inn Golden Mile. We booked a King Executive Suite and although it cost more than the basic room , it was well worth the extra $ .

i stayed in HK during a weekend in the middle of a business trip between Seoul and Inland China. The Holiday Inn Golden Mile is in a nice location in the middle of Kowloon. My first night there I went to Hari 's Bar in the hotel and had a few beers. The bar is decent and moderately priced. Looks like a lot of the crowd are regulars .

we stayed at the Holiday Inn , Golden Mile , for 3 days , two nights , early June , 2006. On our arrival at the reception the girls gabbled that we could not stay in our rooms between 9 am and 6 pm as there was renovation work going on. We pointed out that we should have been informed about this at the time we booked. The girls made rude comments in Cantonese - fortunately one of us knew Cantonese. We were on the 10th floor which had a corridor carpet in better condition that on the other floors. The decor was 1970s and the only feature apparently added since the 1980s was the modem connection. The outside walls entirely of glass window with scary drop to streets below did nothing to keep out traffic noise and the noise of building work. But the noise inside was far worse. It started even before we got up in the morning and continued to the evening. Mostly drilling. We were told the work on was the 7th floor which was not accessible but in fact workman were everywhere including rooms on the 10th floor - when they saw guests coming they hid. While service staff were helpful and friendly the office and restaurent staff were surly and unhelpful .

this must be the best value Hotel in Honk Kong .

had special needs for my handicap mother , the hotel went out of their way to help and make it a wonder experience , everyone was so helpful .

stayed here for one night on a brief stop over on my way to Shanghai .

what a fantastic hotel. Rooms provide everything you could need , and anyway - who goes to Hong Kong to spend all the time in their room ! The location can not be beaten - walk out the door and you are in the middle of Nathan Road. The harbour is only 10-15 minutes walk away and so are the Temple St night markets. The free hotel shuttle bus from Kowloon station is great - very frequent and never had to wait more than a few minutes .

stayed 3 nights here and 5 nights at the Sheraton , after seeing a few bad reviews of this hotel here .

i 've been to HK many times and this was the first time I stayed at the Holiday Inn. I would definitely book there again. I booked online at the hotel 's website and got an executive king room with breakfast included for a bit more than a standard room. It was fairly large and clean. The breakfast buffet is great and I recommend booking with your room as it 's very expensive to pay for after. The location is nice too , perched on the 2nd floor overlooking Nathan Road so try getting a window seat. The shopping is right out the door and the subway is around the corner. They have pay internet access in the lobby if you do n't have a laptop. It 's a comfortable stay , not as luxurious as the Regent or Shangrila or even the Sheraton but it sure cost alot less ! Infinitey nicer than the Kowloon Ramada or Park Hotel which are only a bit less expensive .

we stayed here on 2 different occasions , with 2 kids ages 9 &amp ; 11 . This hotel gets 5 stars from me for location , accessibility , service , and rooms .

have stayed in Hong Kong many times , Holiday inn a couple of times , both times the rooms were small , about the size the of the bed , for the price stay at the sheraton ! !

the best thing about this hotel is the location. Its right across the street from the MTR subway station which gets you anywhere in Hong Kong. Is also a short walk to the ferries which get you to Hong Kong Island Star Ferry , Macau , Lantau , etc.. There is unlimited shopping along Nathan Road just steps away from the hotel. Lots of good food options too .

this hotel was very nice , but we had booked a room with double beds because of traveling with 2 children. Was told that it would be no problem getting the two beds , but on arrival we were told that they did n't have any but they would upgrade us to a suite with one King bed and a roll away bed at no charge for an extra 1000.00 HKD a night. At this point we had no choice or we were going to have to try and stay somewhere else. Of course , we took it and the room was very clean , and it was extremely nice. Service was good , I thought the room service food was a bit expensive. I would recommend this hotel for single travelers but not families. As far as location it was very good , MTR right accross the street , stores in hotel and all along the road. Only one MTR stop from the night markets .

i just got back and if there was any way I could get a full refund I would. Bedrooms were barely clean , staff unfriendly .

