the location of the hotel is great. This hotel is just opposite a big shopping mall Times Square and within walking distance from the MTR station. Apart from the double bed , the room comes with a sofa bed that can accomodate two young kids. It is a Holiday Inn Express hotel and therefore it does not have some of the frills , such as room service , Gym , swimming pool etc , that come with a typical Holiday Inn hotel. Overall , we are very happy with the hotel .

i stayed at this hotel twice on my way to , and on my way from Oz in May 2007 .

i cant fault this hotel at all.The rooms were a good size for Hong Kong standards and the whole place was very clean and tidy.The location was superb,right in the heart of the action of Causeway Bay and very close to MTR station exit A which could whisk you off to any part of Hong Kong Island or Kowloon in super fast time.The staff were very friendly and helpfull , especially at breakfast were you were seated and served very quickly.As I booked well in advance I got a great price.We hope to return to Hong Kong in the not too distant future and would make this our first choice of hotel .

we have relations in hongkong. so they were the ones that actually suggested , contacted and the reason we went to visit .

very good location , 3 MTR stops away from the centre of Hong Kong , its skyscrapers and its lively nightlife. The journey on the MTR from Causeway Bay to Central is only HKD5 , the equivalent of 50p in November 2009. The MTR station is just round the corner , as is Starbucks , a foreign exchange bureau , a fitness club and numerous shops .

i had stayed 2 years earlier here and this time I sensed things had deteriorated a little. I found the beds to be hard and pillows too soft the only alternative they offered me was a 'foam ' pillow . My bathroom in 2 separate rooms I stayed in made a noise which maintenance could n't fix but I did the DIY myself as I realised it was an air bubble in the sink that i could fix by putting the plunger down .

i really ca n't think of anything bad to say about this hotel. The staff are very helpful , the location is good , and the breakfast menu , although plain , was adequate for the three nights we spent there. The rooms are more than comfortable for two adults and although we were close to the main road side , we were high enough to only just hear traffic noise if we tried. I would have to agree with the comments from some reviewers regarding the distance from the MRT station as it is a bit further than it appears and while it is n't much of a problem when out shopping or sightseeing , I could n't recommend using the Subway to travel to or from the Airport , especially during peak periods. My suggestion for one or two travellers would be to use the shuttle service , it 's cheaper than thieving taxi drivers even when they 're being honest , and less confusing than combining the Airport Express and taxis. Definitely a hotel to recommend .

we stayed at this hotel because of it 's excellent location right next to Times Square , Causeway Bay. The room is very basic , but clean &amp ; with everything you need. Nothing special but a great base. We were also attracted by the free breakfast...we found this to be rather disappointing so do n't book a stay here based on the breakfast. The western options were either bacon , egg , hash brown , toast , fruit &amp ; orange juice with tea/coffee or a green salad with toast , fruit &amp ; juice. The quality of the food was average , edible but nothing special. The restaurant where breakfast was held was very cold a/c overload &amp ; quite depressing ! The free internet corner was a great bonus &amp ; you also get free internet in your room which I think is really good as many hotels still charge the earth for this service. The room was clean , quiet &amp ; did n't have any unpleasant odours which we have found in many hotels that we have stayed in in Hong Kong. The hotel is easy to find , you can either cut through Lane Crawford in Times Square , or walk around the back of the building - the road name is clearly signed. Exit A of the MTR is a bit of a walk but is not a major problem , you could always take one of the other exits &amp ; walk to the hotel across the streets. There are lots of great shops &amp ; places to eat in this area , plus you are only a few stops away on the MTR from Kowloon &amp ; Central .

we stayed with a teenager for 5 nights found the hotel excellant value for money on this grade hotel. We found the quality to be slightly better than their British counterparts. The only complaint is that the rooms are a little small when you have to use the bed settee which in fact is more of a futon. Breakfast had a good choice 4 in all two Western and two Chinese. Service very efficient and friendly in both lobby &amp ; Restaurent. Four restauants on site all different cuisine. Location ideal , MTR entrance via large , very smart shopping mall that also included every type of restaurant/fast food you could require. Area &amp ; hotel spotlessly clean at all times

i agree with the average or poor reviews here , the customer service is really lacking and the rooms are nothing to get excited about. It is a very cheap basic hotel. However , hopefully you do n't spend much time in your hotel while in Hong Kong. The location was nice , easy to walk to anything. Perfect for my first visit .

located beside &quot ; Times Square&quot ; with its access to Causeway Bay MTR the hotel is well situated and fairly east to find once you have your bearings ! .Check in was straight forward , the room was compact but had all the amenties and the bed was comfortable .

first experience of Holiday Inn Express Hotels and this one was good , as far as I 'm concerned. Had rooms on top floor , with views over to harbour and Star Ferry. Breakfast is very good , with enough choice. Breakfast staff very efficient. Rooms a bit on the small side , but everything is there for you .

this hotel 's exterior does n't do it justice. The exterior is old and worn , like many of the Hong Kong hi-rise bldgs. The interior is beautiful , upscale and modern - with several very nice restaurants , bar and fitness center. Great service all around .

although the room is relatively small when compared with any normal hotel room , it is located at densely packed business area at the heart of hongkong island. you can easily catch MRT and the old fashioned tram to sight-see the upbeat vibe of modern hongkong .

spent 8 nights at this hotel. There is nothing i can say about this hotel that has not been said by others :

my huband and i stayed here this october. it is a good hotel . spic and span altho its room are on the small side. it is across times square wc is a really gud place for shopping and by walking a few minutes one can get to sogo dept store in the main causewaybay area. the housekeeping lady was very efficient and so with the reception area.and breakfast place , entrecote. i only wish they could change some of the breakfast fares offered on some dates even if we are given the same 4 choices daily. we stayed a week and it was like a rotation of choice. the one other thing is that their main entrance isnt that noticeable for first time lodgers like me. maybe they could make a more attractive sign to call attention to its entrance

the Holiday Inn is n't a charming historical hotel. It is however a very clean , incrediably functional hotel in an excellent location only a couple of minutes walk from Causeway Bay Metro station and right opposite Times Square. It also has a business centre with free internet via computer terminals which was great for downloading photos and catching up on email. It also has a good airport bus link which is worth it if you have lots of luggage and do n't want the long walk changing trains to the airport express .

hi,

this hotel was perfectly situated next to Times Square Mall and LTR Causway station. As well , it had easy access to the network of street cars. The rooms were big enough to accommodate my family of four , but of course more space would have been ideal. Though the breakfast was n't fantastic , it certainly was decent enough. The one thing I would have liked would have been a swimming pool to get some respite from the heat - then again you ca n't have everything. The prices were quite reasonable , so would definitely recommend this hotel .

this hotel deserves the solid 4-star rating it has on tripadvisor. it is an exceptional value. the rooms aren ‚ Ä ô t fancy but they are clean , attractive and functional. the rooms are not large ; there was just barely enough room for two adults and a 6 year old. when the sofa bed is fully open the desk chair can ‚ Ä ô t be pushed back. but our 6 year old preferred opening the bed only part-way , which made it seem like a little fort. the breakfast in the restaurant is acceptable though limited to four set choices two chinese , two western every day the menu changes occasionally . free internet was great. we were delighted to find a travel agency in the lobby that could book train tickets , very convenient. the times square mall is across the street , there is a door just to the left of lane crawford that leads to an elevator to the mall. in the basement of the mall is a large food court and a huge western-style supermarket , and there are several floors of restaurants at the top of the mall. there is a 7-11 on the street right behind the hotel turn right and walk around the block . we really enjoyed a meal at crystal jade dumpling restaurant in the basement of times square , and it is right next to a conveyor sushi restaurant we also enjoyed. for a quick adventure , there is a very cool open air ‚ Ä ú wet ‚ Ä ù market with vegetables , meats , seafoods , that can be seen from the windows of the rooms ; it is on the other side of the main highway walk underneath . the market is an easy walk from the hotel , only about two blocks , and a very interesting side trip. the only real downside to this hotel is the distance from the subway : the causeway bay station is two blocks away through an underground tunnel which is an uphill walk toward the hotel. tip : if you take the airport express from the airport , take a taxi from hong kong station to the hotel. we made the mistake of taking the subway , which entailed dragging our bags through the underground passages between the hong kong and central stations , then onto the subway which was crowded , and finally dragging the bags up the two block tunnel from the causeway bay station to times square and around the corner .

we stayed here for 12 days , breakfast included. There are four choices in the breakfast menu--- 2 western which consists of ham bacon and eggs or yogurt with fruit salad or oatmeal ; 2 asian which is either congee with dim sum or fried noodles. Across the street is the Times Square Mall where there is a huge food court where you can find hamburgers to korean , or japanese or cantonese , food prices are around $ 5-6 per person. There is also a Pizza Hut in the hotel. The part i like most are the bars 3 of them on the street level. I had great fun in drinking with all my cousins and friends from the US and Canada ; we all stayed in this hotel to attend a wedding in Wai Chai. All of us acknowledge that this hotel is great in terms of location. Since we are not under any business expenses , the average price per room that comes with breakfast is truly economical. The washroom in particular is something to praise about. It is proportionally huge relative to the room size. It is bright and clean. The glass shower stall is big. The design of one door sharing with the overall bathroom or just toilet stall is ingenious. Why it is strategically located is that you are within a short walk from the waterfront , the MTR subway or the tramway line on Hennessey Rd which is one block north . WanChai where the convention centre and bars are is just adjacent to Causeway Bay. There are all transportation means , shops , food courts within a radius of a 1/4 mile. In fact , we walked to the Convention Centre in Wanchai through underground walk way and sky walks for the wedding reception. One added bonus of this hotel , internet is free. We slept well. The hotel , the convenience of food courts , bars and all our outings made this HK vacation just perfect. The only thing i might say put a damper to the fun is the humidity tends to be a bit high in July , it took us quite a few days to get adjusted to it .

we stood 6 nights in this hotel last June 2 adults , 2 children 12 and 8 years old

the hotel is strategically located in the heart of Causeway Bay next to Times Square and Mass Transit Railway MTR station .

i 've been to this hotel twice now -- once in the Christmas of 2006 and once in the Christmas of 2007. Although Holiday Inn Causeway Bay is not the prettiest of the places , it is located in a very convinient place .

this hotel was great...just what we were looking for in our stay in Hong Kong. This is a Holiday Inn , a place that is clean , comfortable and you can rest up for the night. There is nothing really luxurious about it. Check-in was a breeze , fairly young team at the front desk checked us in quickly and were friendly .

i did n't spend much time at this hotel or in Hong Kong but I would not stay at this location again. This location was primarily selected due to it 's proximity to our HKG offices and it 's low cost. Next time , I'l spend a little more money and walk a little further .

i have stayed at this hotel on 3 separate occasions and will continue to return. The rooms are a bit small and not a square inch is wasted in the bathroom layout . But , the rooms are very clean and comfortable , and the bedding is akin to what you would find at a luxury hotel. In-room internet is free. Small refrigerator in room and not a mini-bar , so it actually has room for things .

i stay in Holiday Inn express worlwide during business travel and this one located at Causeway bay hong kong did not dissapoint either when I went with my family for holiday. It is centrally located , with the HK undergrowund MTR at walking distance and the Ocean Park and all shopping mall are very near .

i stayed here with my wife and 2 children aged 12 and 9 . We had 1 room , with the children sleeping on a sofa bed. Do n't expect too much , but great value for money and very friendly staff .

we booked two rooms at this hotel for a family vacation that included my wife , our children and my mother. We didnt go expecting too much from the hotel and sure enough we were not dissappointed .

my office booked me into this HIX - and I certainly didnt regret it. At this price , other HK hotels would give you a room that 'd make a pretty decent walkin closet anywhere else. .

best HIX breakfast I have ever had. Rooms were as large as could be expected for Hong Kong. Definitely bigger than the midtown Manhattan HIX. A bit tricky to find the first time if you do not come out of the right Times Square exit. No fitness centre .

great location. Located in center of activities. You can find local shops and up market shops all around the hotel. You can have the choice of over 20 restaurants and hundres of mall shops in Times Square which is just opposite the hotel , or walk another 50 meters to hunders of restaurants and shops where locals enjoy .

this was my first time at a Holiday Inn Express and I was pretty impressed. The hotel had a modern look about it and the check in was simple and efficient. At check-in , you were also presented with coupons for their complimentary breakast at their restaurant , W'Entrecote which doubles as a Steakhouse , in the evenings .

grea location , right next to Times Square. Rooms were clean , comfortable and relatively spacious. Well designed bathroom , great shower .

the room and bathroom were clean. The room was quite spacious for a Hong Kong hotel. The sofabed consisted of three matresses from the sofa that were laid out on the floor. Check out was at 12 , but they allowed us to keep the room for a couple more hours free of charge because our flight was much later in the day. There was free breakfast ; I liked the satay noodles but not the congee , which I thought was rather tasteless .

best price I could find on the internet and great value for money. ¬ £ 85 per night for 4 of us in a room. Location fantastic on HK Island right by the MTR. Clean and comfortable. Restaurants overpriced but so are all hotel restaurants. Breakfast thrown in was fine. Snob value no but for a family of 2 adults and 2 kids trying to do everything and spend as little as possible it was great

the hotel was easily accessible by MRT - excellent for getting about the city - and with lots of shopping and places to eat nearby. The room was clean and a reasonable size. The staff were friendly and efficient - I was especially impressed by the early morning jollity of the breakfast staff ! The first two breakfasts were fine , the third pretty horrible. There was free internet at Internet Corner in reception. Really , this was as I would expect for a chain hotel in a city. It was a bit pricey but then this is Hong Kong and the ¬ £ is worth very little these days .

we only booked 1 night at this hotel as we were only in HKG on transit. We booked 2 rooms at this hotel , one for 2 people and the other for 3. Having read other reviews we booked a transfer to the hotel rather that taking the MRT. The checkin at 10pm was efficient and rooms were clean and well made up. You can not expect to much from a express hotel , but it was good enough for 1 night. I wouldnt stay in the hotel for longer than 1 or 2 nights .

stayed 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Select during our recent visit to HK. Paid $ 150 CAD a night including tax / service fees and that included complimentary hot breakfast for two , and free in-room internet access .

this hotel was recommended to us by a friend who lives in Hong Kong. It was our first visit to Hong Kong on our way back from China to Australia. The hotel location was excellent right opposite the Times Square Mall though the taxi driver we took from the airport express train station did n't understand where we wanted to go until we showed him the print out with the address my wife speaks Mandarin and we both speak English but that often does n't help much in HK . The room had a great view of downtown Hong Kong , it 's small and basic but there were no problems of any sort. The free breakfast was OK - at least the continental and Chinese options - we managed to get them to swap some items from the set-meal standards at no extra charge .

my friends and I stayed in 2 rooms at the Holiday Inn Express in Causeway Bay for 11 nights back at the end of February to early March 2008. Being originally from Hong Kong and have close family there , I know the city quite well , and preferred to stay on the Hong Kong Island side , but not in the business district in Central .

the room was small , reminded of the cabins on the cruise ships. The roomrate was a bit on the high side , the breakfast experience was very efficient but the food served ridiculous so go to nearby cafes instead. Would n't necessarily stay there again inspite of the very happening central Times Square location .

this is a very economically priced hotel in a great location just next to Times Square which is a great place to shop. The location is about a 7 min walk from the Causeway Bay MTR stop. The hotel is clean and comfortable although a little small and minimalistic but that 's expected given the price . In room internet access is included which is a nice bonus. The bed is comfy and a very basic breakfast is included although it 's plentiful with a choice of 3 or 4 options. Overall a good experience .

spent two nights in Hong Kong as a stop-over en route to Australia. As we wanted to spend most of our time exploring rather than relaxing we decided to go budget rather than pay for frills we would not use .

my husband and I stayed in Hong Kong for three nights on our way to Thailand. This hotel was the perfect choice for our short stay. For longer trips , I 'd recommend something a little more upscale with larger rooms .

just spent a week at the Express and had a very positive experience overall. As the name suggests , it 's a quality hotel but pared down to the basics. Do n't expect room service , cable tv or a big screen. The room was cleaned well every day , a basic service you 'd expect but rarely seem to get. The free bottled water daily was a bonus as was the simple breakfast - handy when you 're in a hurry but not for gourmets. The bed was a good size , somewhere between queen and king with enough room to move around it comfortably. The entrance to the MTR is literally across the street but then you 're faced with about 15 minutes of hiking through corridors and escalators under Causeway Bay before you reach a platform - not a great way to arrive with all your luggage. I was lead to believe the Airport Express shuttle bus service would drop us at the hotel but the driver would n't take us why ? so had to catch the MTR at additional cost and hassle. There are plenty of reasonable eateries in the basement of Times Square - Jade Garden is a good option. Genroku Sushi is a good cheap option on the corner but do n't take their &quot ; bar&quot ; sign literally - they had no cold beer the second time I went in so I just left - they still wanted to charge their 10 % service charge !

very basic hotel , but clean and in a good central location for touring Hong Kong. If all you want is a base place to stay this is definately the place to stay .

we stayed for 3 nights on holiday at this hotel. Its location is excellent , beside the Times Square shopping mall which has fabulous restaurants we particularly liked the Superstar for dim sum . It 's also easy to get to on the metro. It 's very clean , modern , and basic , with a young , enthusiastic front desk staff. We thought it was a good value at USD 155 including all taxes and breakfast. There 's free internet in the lobby. The breakfast consisted of 3 set options and could be improved , but it was filling and there are numerous places in the mall across the street if one wants a higher-quality breakfast. The bed and the bathroom were superb although no bathtub and far exceeded our expectations for a hotel of this class .

stayed here in March '06. Basic but &quot ; business&quot ; type hotel with just the essentials provided. This hotels greatest asset is that it is cheap and located adjacent to Times Square. All round helpful friendly staff indeed , everyone in HK seems friendly and willing to help ! . Breakfast was a weak point though - poor options for vegetarians . A good place to stay in HK .

this is my 2nd stay at the Holiday Inn Express Causeway Bay and also my 2nd review of this place. My last stay was in September last year .

the HI Express Causeway Bay is the perfect choice for a short weekend break in HK to explore the city or just go shopping. Pretty much close to everything. Opposite the subway station and Times Square shopping centre , just 3 or 4 stops from &quot ; Central&quot ; . Beware , though : it 's quite a walk within Causeway Bay station to the actual platform !

the hotel has a good location , right across the Times Square mall and the Causeway bay MTR. This allows it to have easy access to shopping and the food malls. There is also a theatre across the road .

stayed overnight on May 5 , 2008. About 45 - 1 hr from Hongkong International airport. You pay each way for the bus that will transport you from and to the airport. The hotel is in good shape .

we 3 adults stayed at the Holiday Inn Express just last week .

we just stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. The hotel is right across from Times Square mall. The MTR is in the basement for Times Square so you can travel around HK. We bought the 24 hour pass. The hotel lobby is on the 1st floor and the hotel is a typical city hotel. It is clean and newly renovated. The room is small and basic but we hardly stayed in the room. The breakfast included in our price was a selection of 4 set menus. Quite sufficient. Overall a good place to stay if you are going to be siteseeing. The markets ladies and night market were a disappointment , do n't waste your time there. The subway MTR is very clean and convenient. A good stay overall .

this is second time I stayed at Holiday Inn Express in Causeway Bay. This is perhaps the best budget hotel I have ever stayed at in Asia .

this is the place we will stay from now on in Hong Kong. On previous trips we stayed at 5 star hotels including the incredibly posh Oriental and the Ritz-Carlton. We decided to try this hotel for one night since our flight quite late into Hong Kong and we did n't feel like we should spend the extra money for the evening we arrived. Our original plan was just to stay there for one night and then transfer to the Mandarin Oriental Landmark for the following 2 days and nights. After our first evening , we decided to just stay at this Hotel. First of all the location of the hotel is just a few minutes walk from the MTR subway stop at Causeway Bay. Unfortunately it was a little confusing finding the hotel. The exit from the subway was at the Times Square Mall , a huge shopping center in Causeway Bay and the sign for the hotel was quite small and almost unnoticeable. Also the walk from the subway was a gradual uphill climb. In any event once you get to the hotel , checkin is fast and the reception staff very friendly. There is no bell staff so you will have to carry your luggage yourself up to your room. The hotel has 29 floors. The elevators were large and the wait time not so bad. The room we were given was very nice , large enough for 2 twin beds and a double sofa sleeper. The room was very clean and had a nice view of the city. There was a 20 inch television and a nice work desk for use. A plus is definitely the free high speed internet connection. There was no wi-fi in the room but I believe there is one in the lobby area. We were also provided 2 complementary bottles of water each night. There is an in-room safe and cotton slippers were provided. However there were no robes provided. The bathroom was small but the shower had hot water and good water pressure. They provide shower gel and shampoo in a dispenser in the shower. They also provide toothbrushes , shower caps , and sanitary napkins. The beds were very comfortable. At breakfast they provided us with breakfast vouchers. At breakfast they provide you with a choice of one of 3 set meals which includes orange juice and coffee and some fruit. The food was ok if not altogether filling , but there are many cafe 's around the area , All in all , this hotel provides great value. While its not meant for people who want to be pampered like crazy or for a wonderful honeymoon , this hotel is great for most of us : a clean hotel with friendly service , free internet , and at a great location in Hong Kong for shopping and as a base to get around the city. I plan to stay here in all my future trips to Hong Kong .

exactly what the doctor ordered - the location was perfect - rooms were great , staff were friendly and the complimentary breakfast and discount gym passes at California Fitness made for a perfect match .

i stayed in the Holiday Inn Causeway bay with my father for 5 nights in May 2007. The hotel had only recently opened. It was clean , Fresh , great rooms , nice view , outstanding location. this has to be the finest example of a Holiday Inn Express i have been to And i stay in hotels about 200 nights a year . the staff were fantastic and so helpful. Your 2 minutes from the MTR and a major shopping centre. Breakfast is free as well. Overall a really great hotel .

excellent hotel in great location ! ! Very Clean ! ! ! ! ! In a very safe location .

just wanted to let everyone know how pleased i was with this hotel. Good location and importantly for me , clean room and modern clean bathroom. I have stayed at the excelsior before and although rooms much bigger , bathrooms quite dated. Do n't think you can beat it for the money. Went to breakfast once - not very good so did n't bother again but staff v helpful , laundry service excellent and if going back and did n't want to spend a fortune sometimes I go for a spoil and stay at Peninsula I would def go back .

no PRETENSE - GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY FOR THE INITIATED &amp ; INDEPENDENT !

as a family of 4 2 teenage sons we were travelling on holiday around Asia and Hong Kong was our first destination. We were then to travel in Singapore and then on to Bintan , Indonesia. As you can see this holiday , was not going to be cheap and having been to Hong Kong on business I knew hotels in Hong Kong were very expensive and very few family rooms available. We wanted to splash out on better accomodation later in the hoilday. I had stayed at The Excelsior Hotel on Causeway Bay previously so I knew the area. Also I knew that our 5 days in Hong Kong would be spent seeing the place and not staying in the hotel. Therefore , I took a chance and booked this hotel on the web and what a good decision it turned out to be .

we booked this hotel based on the trip advisor rating was # 44 and we are glad we did. I was on a bit of a budget , yet wanted somewhere clean and central. We booked it directly via the Holiday Inn website .

we stayed here during mid-December 2007 for 7 nights , in a room with two beds and one sofa bed for a party of 3 adults .

we were here on Christmas. Although you would be disappointed with the hotel exterior , you would be surprised that the rooms are actually value for money. The bed is comfortable and we could see the peak from our room. As for breakfast , try the burger or the porridge but give the noodles a miss .

this was the cheapest and best hotel I could find online , its not 5 star but its nicer than I expected and the location is fantastic , right across the street is Times Square and the MTR train station which will take you everywhere if you want to travel further afield. We were happy with the breakfast , its a super fast service and they 'll even let you pre-order and pick up your breakfast if you need to. We stuck with the bacon &amp ; eggs each morning of our 3 night stay , this included toast , coffee and orange juice - all included in the room price we paid. Our only complaint was the flooding bathroom but I 'm sure they 'd have fixed that now - we told them about it the day we checked out. Front desk staff were pleasant - and yes they have free internet access , an internet roonm on the same floor as reception which is accessed by your room card - and we travelled through 8 countries on this trip and this was the ONLY hotel that offered free internet - really handy when you want to email friends &amp ; family to let them know you 've arrived safely etc. No complaints here :

i was looking for an economical hotel but wanted a good location. I read a couple review about this hotel and then decided to give it a go. I did n't have a high expectation for this hotel but once we arrived , we know that we would love the location .

i have been going to HK for more than 15 years , and more than 3 or 4 times a year. So safe to say that HK is like a 2nd home to me. Over the years , I 've seen HK hotel prices go through the roof , so if you 're on a budget which in HK means around US $ 100 to US $ 150 but want to stay in the more relevant areas , you 'd have to stay at the older hotels. Not anymore !

i 've stayed here a few times now...Usually when other HK hotels are priced high for 'trade fair season ' , which was the case when I was just there...This trip I was there for 3 nights .

what can I say that hasnt already been said before .

i stay in this hotel fro 3 night. We can not sleep .The room is too small , the fire alarm often scared us. The hall to the room often smell , after we take shower the water ofter f loaded , maybe the price is cheap , but we recommended you not to stay here , it 's not worth it. And the last but not list , the breakfast is not very good

me and my girlfriend stayed at express by holiday inn from Aug 31 to Sept 3. The hotel was small but just right for us .

small and noisy rooms , unfriendly staff but with a great location .

i previously stayed at this hotel a year ago. I was impressed with the modern interior and it 's use of the space , thus I recommended it to my friends .

i stayed at this hotel recently with two friends. We were really surprised at the quality of the room. I had stayed at Holiday Inns before , but this was certainly one of the nicest. The beds were comfortable ; however , the &quot ; sofa bed&quot ; a foam-fold-out mattress was not that great. The bathroom was really nice , and the shower was top-notch ! I was also impressed with the housekeeping service. We had fresh towels and sheets every day. She even tidied up a little for us , and removed old water and wine bottles .

we stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Causeway Bay for 3 nights end of May. The experience we had is way beyond anything we ever had .

we found a great rate from the hotel website. We were expecting a typical Holiday Inn Express , but were pleasantly surprised as the hotel seemed brand new even though its been around for a while and had modern amenities. Its more akin to a boutique hotel rather than a large hotel chain. The location is excellent , not on a busy street in Causeway Bay , and right behind Times Square. I would definitely stay here again. You have breakfast and internet included in the room rate. Great deal in a great location .

stayed here June 5th , 6th , and 7th .

great location near times square and causeway bay MRT. Aircon worked a treat and the bathroom design was a little small but hey...you 're there to sleep right !

nice big clean modern rooms with views of HK if you are high enough. Great location. Decently large bed , well designed bathroom. I would recommend this hotel if I was going back to hong kong. Can be a bit of a queue at breakfast if you go at around 9 o clock .

having read some of the reviews about this hotel , I was a little apprehensive especially as this was to be the last hotel we stayed in on our trip round China and Australia .

booked last december and I was a little worried about reviews I read in certain travel websites. But I trust holiday inn express as a brand and went ahead. Got a great rate from Asiarooms.com The rooms are small but very adequate and more importantly ...... Really Clean. I loved the fact that the hotel was right behind times square and walking distance within everything in causeway bay. 10/10 location .

as other reviewers have said , Holiday Inn Express Causeway Bay is great value for the money .

i must say that this is the best hotel I have stayed so far in Hong Kong. The very efficient check in is a big plus. Breakfast is a set meal but is more than enough to get you through the morning. Also , breakfast can be ordered through phone and picked up if you want to eat it in your room. You have a choice of English or Chinese meals .

we prefer to stay in this hotel whenever we are in HK since it has an excellent location , relatively cheap , plus FREE breakfast and Internet use. Granted the rooms are cramped , there is no &quot ; service&quot ; to brag about , and the lighting in the room is flourescent...still , it is definitely worth what you pay for it. We love the fact that even up till midnight , Causeway Bay is still buzzing with activitiy , and you can actually step out of the hotel and find decent food to eat no matter what the hour. Another plus is the wonderful shower head that is a sure treat after a tiring day...One thing though is that we wish they 'd have more english channels in their lineup for cable TV. All in all an excellent stay and worth going back to.. .

we stayed there for 3 nights , after spending 6 nights at Eaton Hotel on the Kowloon side. The neighborhood is different , we tried all 3 types of public transportation here , the tram , the bus , and the MTR. We also found our favorite childhood snack in this area. But I believe we got a better deal with Eaton in terms of types of hotel and services. The breakfast is , just breakfast. While Eaton has the LCD TV , this one has the old fashion TV sitting on the desk taking up the valuable working space. We had requested a room away from the elevator , but got a room facing 6 of them. Luckily it was not noisy. But had it been during the summer vacation time for kids , I believe it will be a busy and noisy area. I might stay here again only if I can not find another better choice. The room size is good , and it comes with a sofa. It would be logical to have the LCD TV hanging on the wall , so every one can see the TV from the sofa or bed .

stayed here as part of our china trip - with the kids. A bit cramped with the four of us , but excellent value for money in Hong Kong. And close to the metro , which was very helpful - buy an Octopus card , and you can use it to get round the city very easily. Use the Times Square metro exit to get to the hotel - go up the escalators , turn left , then right , and there 's the hotel .

after being pampered in Mainland China , this hotel came as a breath of fresh air. No bellboys taking your luggage or bowing as you walk by , but I was a bit sick of that by then. Instead , what you get is a brand new , clean , comfortable and pretty big room by Hong Kong standards. And for the first time in HK , from the 2 windows of my corner room in the 22nd floor , I managed to see some of the most famous skyscrapers like the Central Plaza and a bit of Victoria Harbour .

my wife , 14 year old daughter and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Express Causeway Bay 5 nights at the end of March 2007. The hotel is in a very convenient location on Hong Kong island. The facilities are excellent and the staff was wonderful. The room was larger than we expected and was very comfortable with many extra features including broadband access. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was included and was very good. Times Square , an upscale major shopping complex , is right across the street. Everything you need is right there...from restaurants to shopping to a 7-11 just a one minute walk. An MTR station is right around the corner. The hotel lobby has an &quot ; Internet Corner&quot ; room with 4 PC 's , free access , and a very nice mini office setting. We would not hesitate to stay here again and recommend it highly .

we spent 3 nights at this hotel as part of our honeymoon .

booking your hotel in hong kong is cheaper through a travel agent than online. We got the holiday inn express in causeway bay for 110 US dollars a night online is about 150 US dollars .

being self-employed &amp ; a frequent traveller to HK , I 'm conscious of what my expenses are. In my opinion this hotel provides all the basic necessities that one needs when travelling .

hong Kong , SAR- Holiday Inn Express

we booked a room online lowest rate guarantee and stayed for 4 nights during the 1st week of January this year. This hotel is no frills , with a very small lobby but very strategically located in Causeway Bay , being just a few steps really ! away from the main shopping mall Times Square. If you plan to stay in Causeway Bay you ca n't go wrong with this location location location ! Checking into this hotel we used the hotel trolley to bring up our luggage .

this hotel was clean and fresh and very new. We booked a triple room. There were 2 single beds and a fold down couch. I would not recommend this fold down couch for anyone over the age of 12 it is not really a suitable bed. The breakfast vouchers were good and we had a good serve of bacon and eggs every day. The room was small but expected for Hong Kong. I would definately stay there again

we stayed in the hotel for 16 nights and we will definitely return there on our next trip to Hong Kong. The rooms were a good size. Everything from the bed , which was very comfortable , to the furniture and fittings were off a high standard. The only minor problem was lack of wardrobe space. We were not too surprised at that as I would imagine most guests would only stay a few days and there woud n't be too many there for as long as we were .

i would like to share with all of you the great experience I had at the Holiday Inn Express in Causeway Bay. Granted , it was n't the best high-class experience , but you must understand that you are staying at an 'express ' limited-service property. With that in mind it is amazing .

my husband , my son and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights around New Year 's Eve 2006. We found it to be a fairly typical limited-service hotel. The room was small , but modern and clean. Closet space was very limited and there were no dressers. Being a party of three , we had to use both the double bed and the sofa bed , which made for pretty cramped surroundings. Beware of the so-called sofa bed. It consists of a piece that acts as a headboard and a thin mattress that unfolds directly on the floor. Even my teenager son found it a little uncomfortable , and he can sleep pretty much anywhere .

at the risk of repeating what the others have already written about this hotel , I thought I 'd just write it anyway. You know , to give some love back .

wanted to stay on Hong Kong side after last 2 trips at Kowloon hotels , and the Causeway bay area seemed the best choice for shopping and convienences. Early booking 2 months before our trip helped to get a great rate at US $ 105 since there was a big telecom conference the week we were there .

as pointed out by xiantraveller in previous review , this is definitely a budget accomodation but hey look at it this way - you only paying a comparatively small amount of money for a place to sleep and shower so why not .

i just returned to Santa Clara,outside of San Francsco , today.I stayed in the hotel for 3 days. I had a great time and the hotel is very busy. Staff is very courteous and any unreasonable requests are handled with thorough efficiency. You can breathe on Times Square from your hotel window which is very convenient.Shopaholics will feel right at home and this hotel tops my list on my next trip to HK .

it is a limited service hotel. No room service food . No bar in the fridge. But just about everything else. Writing desk , TV , radio , hairdryer , laundry service , ironing room , breakfast included in room price , 3/4 restaurants/bars in the hotel building .

stayed a week in October. This is a very good budget property in an EXCELLENT Causeway Bay location , directly next to subway entrance and major shopping and dining area. The hotel rooms are small but clean and comfortable beds , very small bathroom but great shower. Free internet in room or several computers in lobby business center. Free breakfast not great and the breakfast service is not exceptional. Front desk staff is well trained. I usually stay at much fancier hotels but this week there was a convention in town and my normal hotels were double the usual price so I gave this property a try. I usually stay in Kowloon , but actually Causeway Bay is much nicer to dine and shop .

i stayed with two friends in a triple room here for 3 nights at the end of August 2006 .

stayed here with 2 friends for 3 nights at the end of August .

we decided to stay in Holiday Inn Express , only because we were looking for a stop over hotel in Causeway Bay area. It turned out to be a great hotel in an excellent location , right next to the Times Square. We took the Airport shuttle bus where is located at B1 in the airport to our hotel. It cost HK400 for two people/round trip. Make sure to stop by at the airport information desk and ask for coupons if available before you purchase the tickets at B1. We found that it was more convenient for us to take the shuttle bus than the Airport Express , because the Bus drops you off right at the door. With the Airport Express option , you still have to walk to the hotel with your luggage after exit the station. Although you will save more time by taking the Airport Express , the cost is about the same .

this was our first visit to Hong Kong and a friend suggested staying in Causeway Bay. It turned out to be a great location - transport links are excellent and the hotel is very close to Times Square station and the trams. Time Square shopping centre is also great , with lots of great restaurants .

we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of July. Its location is excellent , however our stay was not too pleasant. Despite many previous reviews , our room had weary furniture , especially a sofa. For breakfasts you indeed always have the same three set menus , two Western and one Asian , but it was fine as a snack in the morning .

