the Hotel was located in the Chung King Mansios,where ground floor full of people try to distract you and bring you to different places.And some chinese claim they are manager but actually is a cheaters for their commission.First time visit,was scared by the ground floor.And we go up to the Hotel where located inner Chung King Mansion,Block C,Floor 15.there are few blocks abcde in chung King,and this one located at the last tower.When the lift open on Floor 15,Block C.The look are fresh and seems all brand new,clean.Then people say Hi to us.And go to check-In,the place was quiet with many guests stay,the Hotel I think they have around 77 rooms becasue we saw the number until 77.And really it 's a big difference to the ground floor.Internet are good connection and staff are honest and humble.Price is cheap,all the things I have never expect before.But the room was small and bathroom too.But there are not big problem for us.We suggest people to have a look to this Hotel first when you been to HK.And try to prevent people from the ground floor bring you to somewhere else .

you probably dont get the room that you booked

the Hotel Location was great and just next to harbour.And the Staff are hard work to take care you all them time.However,there room was small but clean,And the Facilities was brand new and have Internet Access to my Lap-top.But Hotel ground floor are many touts are not fine and disturb people or cheat people.I know they work for some small illegal hotels.But sometimes this will affect customers feeling.This Hotel should ask the Buillding management to do something about the touts then this hotel will be perfect.Lift is working 24hrs and I have no problem with this.No Frills.I will come back next time .

the Hotel was Located in the Chung king Mansion,where are full of touts and disturb you in the lobby of the building,just ignore them both chinese and Indian ,becasue they always mislead or cheat people to different place.The Hotel was located in the Block C,Floor 12,where are Clean and no need to queue too long to wait the life compare with Block A.The Room was entire small but it was New and with Free Internet Access.Try to send the E-mail and listen their advice before you go,Luckyhousejoe @ yahoo.com.hk.Would recommend for Budget Travellers .

i read the reviews on this site and internet comments about the notorious Chung King Mansions. this hostel was not as bad as Chung King Mansions is made out to be and actually very modern and recently renovated inside. the retail lobby level does live up to its reputation of being seedy but the location is fantastic on Nathan Road walking distance to Kowloon Harbour and the Airport Bus stop right outside. Chung King mansions is a collection of hostels and guesthouses and the quality can vary quite drastically. this is family run and very clean. the room was nice with a flat screen tv although quite small. the bathroom is an oversize shower cubicle with a sink and toilet located inside but thats hong kong for you ! I dont know about the comments of the desk clerk i 've read on here , it was some african guy but i had no problems. be careful to follow the advice the hostel sends when you book of not to talk to anyone in the lobby when you arrive as they will try to take you to the wrong hostel. also do not touch any of the food that is being sold in the lobby

i originally booked a hostel called ‚ Ä ú England Backbackers Inn ‚ Ä ù and upon arrival I presented my documents relating to my booking and was then aggressively told that I would be staying in ‚ Ä ú Hong Kong Lucky Hostel ‚ Ä ù when I asked a member of staff why I was being moved to a new hostel the employee just started shouting in an aggressive manner telling me that I was going to a better hostel and I shouldn ‚ Ä ô t complain .

the location and room rate is fair but my God ! ! THE DESK CLERK who entertained us IS SOOOOO ARROGANT ! He argued with us at the top of his voice . I wanted to cancel my 3 nights reservation but was forced to stay there for one night since the booking was already charged. We transferred the following day. But I swear , I 'LL NEVER EVER BOOK there again , the experience with the DESK CLERK is a NIGHTMARE ! ! ! ! ! ! and his manager is not doing anything about it !

well its not a hotel its a hostel , he sends an email after u book giving different directions to a totally different floor to the reception to about 15 different hostels and if his hostel is overbooked he puts u in another one something to do with not being allowed to more than so much of the towerblock im told dont know if thats true or not i didnt know this and went to the 12th floors as directed by my booking declining offers of substances along the way where i waited in the hall knocking for about an hour till a guest came back and we let ourselves in then called them after another half hour when i finally got the reception phone to work

