amazing hotel , great inclusions , good for children !

we stayed here for 3 nights. You walk through the lobby and my kids were so excited to see the lovely , gigantic Xmas tree. Checking in was a breeze. Walking into our room , it was good size , clean and tastefully decorated. We stayed on the first floor with our own balcony overlooking the pool. There are activity rooms for the kids and we used both indoor/outdoor pool. My daughter got made up and photos done in the Princess Room. It is pricey but very worth it for the convenience to the park. Our only disapointment was that the food quality is pretty disappointing both in park and hotel .

we spent 3 nights at the HK Disneyland Hotel and thought it was the most amazing hotel. We have previously stayed at the Disneyland Hollywood Hong Kong and while we enjoyed that hotel it has nothing on this one. We were lucky to be upgraded for $ 400HKD per night to a seaview room with a balcony and I would absolutely recommend this. We were overlooking the water and it was so peaceful .

we stayed in hongkong disneyland hotel around the 3rd week of Nov 2009. Although we booked a Garden View room , we requested for something with a sea view and they gave one to us at the top floor , from which we could see the sea and the Maze of the hotel. We stayed 3 nights at an offer price of about SGD 320/night. Regular price was about SGD400/night. Room was very nice and they provided the kiddie barriers , to prevent kids from rolling off the bed. There were 2 queen beds and a nicely sized room for , I would say , 2 adults and 2 kids. Everything was clean and nice. The curtains were nice and thick and blocked out the sunlight completely , so much so that we could sleep in till late and still did n't realise it was bright and sunny outside till we drew the curtains .

we stayed at a two bedroom suite complete with receiving area and kitchen spacious bathroom but what i did not like is that it smelled of cigarette smoke.. .

kids loved it ! The hotel is very nice. It is built like a palace and is very clean and plush. Though the rates are expensive but we thought it was penny well spent !

just returned from a Magical stay at The Hongkong Disneyland Hotel.We were 4 families traveling together and reached the Hotel at around 12 in the afternoon and the check in lady gave us two rooms immediately although the check in time was 3 o'clock.Check in was extremely smooth and the luggage arrived in our rooms in almost no time . As requested we got all our 4 rooms next to each other.One unique feature was that the rooms were below the lobby level.Booked the character breakfast at the garden restaurant of the Hotel.Booking the breakfast at check in itself is cheaper as you get a discount of about 20 percent. Although the breakfast was not cheap 198 HKD it was worth every dollar.All the staff at the breakfast had a smile on their faces and the Disney characters moving around really exited the kids.The staff also readily obliged in clicking photographs with the characters.Breakfast selection was huge and also had a few Indian dishes also which the children loved very much. The overall ambience of the hotel was cool and relaxing .Had dinner at the restaurant at the lobby level which had lounge type seating arrangement also .The service at dinner was a bit slow but the food was ok. There was a well stocked bar inside the restaurant too.Stay and Play for 2 days was also a good deal.Since we reached the park at around 2 : 30 on the first day and were covering the park at a very leisurely pace we could not complete all the attractions on the first day itself.So next day we checked out of the hotel and kept the luggage in their cloak room and then hit the park for another 2 hours. There were a lot of disney characters moving around in the lobby area also with whom you could photograph yourself so if you are staying in the hotel there is no need to queue up for meeting Disney characters at the park.All in all was quite satisfied with the stay .

celebrated my birthday with an overnight stay with 3 other friends at this posh hotel , Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel is truly old American in design with a superb Chinese restaurant Crystal Lotus . Stay at the Kingdom Club level Level 7 for a more personalized ambiance with complimentary breakfast , snacks , high tea service and cordials. You can also get a great view of the 8PM fireworks display from the balcony. The Victorian Spa is nice , but lacked the personalized service for the price range that they offer. Hire an S-Class Mercedes Benz to whisk you to the airport for a glamorous ending to a memorable stay .

everything about this hotel is worth writing about and everything is excellent. Let 's go on each point one by one :

we really enjoyed our Disneyland Hotel experience - from the room , to staff , pool , food and ambiance - a really good , well thought-out hotel , and unlike other Hong Kong Hotels - lots of space and room .

i like to travel , and I have to say that so far Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel is definitely in my top 5 list of best hotels that i 've stayed in .

we got a fantastic deal from Disney via travel industry rate when we booked direct .

found it difficult to book when on-line reservations do not work. You will be forced to call IDD to speak to an operator. The Dineyland Hotel was very pricy and I suggest staying at Disney 's Hollywood next door and use facilities of both resorts. The location wise Hollywood Hotel is better as it is closer to the actual amuzement park. It has a great swimming pool and water slides for kids. The Dineyland Hotel has a piano bar , child minding facilities where they educate and entertain kids and a Disney Restaurant , where all Disney characters join you for dinner. The maze outside is fun not only for the kids !

this is without a doubt the best Disneyland Hotel ever stayed for me. Previously I have stayed in Paris Disneyland Hotel and also Tokyo Disneyland Hotel .

the hotel was very kid-friendly. makes you want to remember your disney days : and the HKD200 buffet was so worth the price ! but the hotel was very far from the city .

our stay at Disneyland Hotel was supposed to be magical , but it was n't really. It was simply overpriced. And the fact that it was in a secluded area did n't help either. We could n't wait to get out of there .

kids loved the character breakfast Mickey , Daisy , Goofy and Pluto and at HK $ 600 for family of 4 not bad value. Rooms large. Staff were super - handing out Disney stickers to kids at every opportunity. Little girls 3 + will enjoy the princess make over and meeting princesses in lobby in morning. Do n't miss afternoon tea. Free broadband. Easy taxi ride to / from airport and regular hotel shuttle to MTR and Disney. Not place to stay if want HK bright lights , shopping etc. Only one issue - beware the poolside bar : the insects will have better meal of you , than you will have 90 bites in 5 minutes . Not just fresh &quot ; tourist meat&quot ; either : bar staff similarly afflicted .

well   i booked the hotel during Christmas cuz my little cousin wanted to go Disneyland. .

the kids loved the pool , we all loved the slides .

we had a great time at Hong Kong Disney. We stayed at the Disney Land hotel and had a nice time. We were disappointed in the restaurants and actually ate all our meals at the nearby Hollywood Hotel I think that is the name....it is also a Disney hotel on the premisis . The Disneyland hotel was great for kids with the Disney Characters all around , all the time. We were a little disappointed that there was no kids club , but they did have a room filled with things to do , but the parents had to stay with the kids. The restaurants were too formal for us. With a 5 year old and a 3 year old the &quot ; fine china&quot ; and victorian style caused us too much stress at the table. Our kids are also up very early ready for breakfast and the restaurants opened too late. Even though it is a Disney Hotel , I think that it was n't well suited for young kids. I would definitely recommend it for families with kids over age 8 , but but iIf we go back we will stay at the other Disney Hotel .

this was our first time at a Disneyland Hotel and what an amazing experience ! ! Arriving at the hotel at night was breathtaking as it is all lit up with fairy lights. Check-in was easy and the staff are all wonderful .

this hotel is excellent , I really ca n't praise it more. The staff are friendly , polite , helpful and great with the children .

with my husband working for Disney in India it prompted us to make a trip to Disneyland and we just had to stay one night in the hotel at the park. Check-in proved to be a delight in itself with Goofy peering over our shoulders as we filled in our check-in documentation. The staff blend right into the theme of this hotel .

part of HK disneyland though not attached. it is an oasis of peace. if you do get a top room you are sure to enjoy the calm of the sea when you get up early morning. a family place with lots of activity even in the lobby keeps eveyone young at heart .

we 2 adults and 2 children aged 7 and 9 stayed here for 2 nights at the end of May. Before I made the booking via the internet I was considering the Hollywood Hotel due to it 's cheaper rates and excellent reviews on this forum. And now I have absolutely no regrets about spending the extra $ $ and staying at the DisneyLand Hotel .

this was the last stop of a big family holiday and the whole Disneyland experience was made even better by staying at this luxury hotel. Spend the extra dollars and stay here. The staff could n't do enough for you , the pool has 2 lifeguards ! 2 ! The lobby lounge was more than comfortable. We had the best night here relaxing on the lounges drinking the wine , eating tiramisu,watching the kids dance to the brass band/ pianist. The kids loved the maze and we were lucky to see Mickey in person on the last day outside when they put on special games for Easter. If I come back to Hong Kong I think I will base our family here and commute to the city ! Far more relaxing. It is even close to the cable car ride to the Buddha ! You get to experience the green and mountainous side of Hong Kong here - a little hideaway .

we visit Hong Kong frequently and this time we decided to stay close to the airport due to us having a late night flight .

this is our second stay at Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel .

we stayed at this hotel and we found it very good by Hong Kong standard. Staying at the Kingdom Club floor I think was worth it , as you get a lot of benefit , which by the time you add it up I think is about the same as the normal room .

so you know where I 'm coming from with this review let me give you a bit of background. My partner and I both worked at the original Disneyland back in the days when service was more important that profit , so we are both VERY picky when it comes to all things Disney. We expect a lot from Disney and we 're not very forgiving when paying the premium prices Disney charges for their deluxe resorts. We have been to all of the Disneylands in the world and have stayed at many of Disney 's deluxe resorts , including the Grand Floridian on which this property is based. So , with that said , I can say without a doubt that THIS Disneyland hotel is the finest example of what Disney can do to create a magcal experience. There is simply no better Disney hotel in the world and I do not make that statement lightly .

the hotel is beautiful , and magical. It is isolated from everything , so meal times at hotel can be very expensive. Young children dont eat much and $ 40AUS per child is over priced. The service is great. Room was a bit small and tight .

everything about the hotel was kid friendly. Traveling with my toddles was so easy. Padded carpets and exquisite but kid-friendly furniture. Parents found the place luxurious. Kids will enjoy the many things to explore. Overall , it provides accommodation that 's relaxing , fun , and filled with magic. The many delightfully-placed disney touches all over the hotel gave us something to smile about in every corner. Mascots walked around , but not in an invasive way. Little girls were dressed in princess outfits. There was beautiful music from a grand piano in the lobby as we waited to meet the rest of our party. The only improvement i could hope for would be better tasting food in the hotel. I 'd like to watch out for promos , if any , because one does have to pay a premium for the disney experience .

stayed here for 3 nights 6-9 April. Got a room rate of ¬ £ 97.00 per room per night with an Airline I D Card HK $ 1045 instead of HK $ 2300 .

stayed for one night and the kid enjoyed it. The rate was 50 % off for annual membership owner and it is really worth it. Finish off Hong Kong Disneyland with a night stay in the hotel and breakfast with character appearances will leave a deep impression in the children 's mind .

our family of four Mum , Dad 14Y/O Daughter and 70 + Y/O Nanna visited Hong Kong in Feb/Mar 2009. We spent the first week in Kowloon and then a further 3 nights in this amazing hotel. We have been to Disneyland in California and stayed on site in the Disneyland hotel so we simply had to do the same here. As a guest of the hotel the Disney experience doesnt stop when you leave the park in the evening. Every single thing exceeds your expectation. There were shuttle buses running every 10mins back and forward from the hotel to the park less than 10 min trip . My husbands birthday fell during the stay and how special was that ! His name as displayed on the special events screen , he was given a Birthday badge and after the most wonderful day in the park we arrived back in our room to find 2 &quot ; cakes&quot ; made from towelling , one from housekeeping and one with a personal card from Mickey himself.The breakfast at Enchanted Garden is one we will never forget , the characters mill around willing you to have a memorable dining experience and the food is superb .

we stayed at the Hong Kong Disneyland hotel 3 times April 2007 , July 2008 and February 2009. and we all loved each time very much. Check in , check out was fast. all the staff spoke english and were very polite and helpful , handed out lots of disney stickers to my daughter all the time .

check in was easy. The rooms were simple but elegant and very clean , and the staff was courteous and attentive. Two pools to use , indoor and outdoor. Simple but fun garden maze. Children can not only have breakfast with Disney characters , but can casually run into them in the hotel lobby during various times of the day. Beautiful ocean view. Fantastic if slightly pricey Chinese restaurant. Family friendly , with some special activities for children .

one of our best holidays ever ‚ Ä ¶

we stayed for one night last Feb 2009. Others have written extensive reviews and i do n't want to say the same things .

we stayed at the Disneyland Hotel for 4 nights in the second lag of our two-week Asia trip in February. We are a family with two kids ages 5 and 6 turning 7 in a few weeks . I have been to Hong Kong numerous times but this was the first trip for my husband and the kids. Originally we planned to stay at the Disneyland Hotel for 2 nights , then the Kowloon Shangri-la for another two. However , once we arrived at the Disneyland Hotel , the kids immediately fell in love -- their first comment was : ‚ Ä ú this hotel looks so familiar , just like the one in San Diego ! ‚ Ä ù . Well , the hotel is indeed a replica of the historic Hotel del Coronado less than 30 minutes from our house in San Diego , which we frequently visit. The kids kept on insisting that they wanted to stay there for the whole time they may be a bit homesick after seeing the hotel , so we finally gave in and stayed for 4 nights .

we stayed here for 2 nights on Feb 09. We arrived pretty early , 11am and they had one of our rooms ready , the other was read as promised , at 3PM. After purchasing our park tickets we headed to Buddha and Citygate outlets .

i 'll make this short : This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in ! =

this hotel looks almost identical to the Grand Flordian in Orlando .

we went to see Disneyland HK during the CNY chinese new year holidays for the 3rd time in after 2 years. This time we stayed at the Victorian Style Disneyland Hotel instead of the Hollywood Hotel since we 've been there twice. I tried to booked us at the Fantasia Room but was dissappointed to know that it was fully booked due to the golden week holidays in China. The Sea View and the Kingdom Club Rooms were offered to me and I opted to take the Sea View room being much cheaper then plus my wife would go on a fit if she found out how much I &quot ; splurged&quot ; on my year-end pay. On the day we came , there were lots of people from the mainland as guests but surprisingly their check-in queue was much faster than the other hotel eventhough there were more people in comparison with our previous stays. As expected due to their number of guests , we were n't given our rooms yet so we took our tickets and went to the park. The park was all jam-packed with people on every corner and we were not able to take all of the rides or see some of the shows like the Lion King , the boat ride to Tarzan 's house or the Disney Parade even when we stayed until 9PM. We did not get the &quot ; play for 2 days&quot ; ticket because the golden week were considered special holidays .

the hotel room is pretty spacious with Hong Kong standard. The furniture looks classy but the workmanship is so so. The view is good. I booked a garden view room and I could see the garden then the pier and the ocean. The inside of the hotel looked pretty nice with real band playing soft music on the balcony. There was plenty of staff around to serve. I guessed not all of them are fluent in English that may be the reason why some reviews said they were not responding . They have 2 pretty nice swimming pools , one outdoor and one indoor .

wonderfull is the word ! !

i have mixed feelings about my stay at disneyland hotel. The hotel itself is beautiful , beautiful lobby , beautiful gardens and rooms. The stay was let down by the quality of the staff and the ambiance of chaos. There were plenty of staff around but very few of them useful. We found many avoided eye contact or simply ignored you so would n't have to do any work apart from stand around .

we have just returned from Disneyland hotel in Hong Kong. The victorian decor is really charming. The price is steep naturally but its such a beauty. The hotel staff are knowledgeable and fun.The service is great. Love the Mickey Maze. Bedroom slippers and bathroom for kid is really well thought. We could see the fireworks from our room window , the park is just 10-15min walk away and there 's free shuttle bus around .

stayed at the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel for 4 nights in Januray at the end of a month long world trip as a treat for our 3 and 4 year old .

as one that had previously stayed in Disney park hotels in Disneyland Calif. and Walt Disney World , I was expecting to be disappointed , as usual , as both park hotels were really not up to par .

we are big fan of Disney. It is not about Mickey Mouse or the other kids ' stuff , it is the Disney 's idea of selling a storybook experience that we love so much .

my husband 's parents celebrated their anniversary by bringing the entire clan to Hong Kong Disneyland. We stayed at the magical Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel. The architecture , the furnishings , the design were all Victorian-inspired so it was quite breathtaking. But it 's the details that really made our jaws drop : glass slippers in the crystal chandeliers , Mickey Mouse on the tiles and everywhere else actually , Donald and Goofy on the rug , Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs carved on the bathroom mirror frame , Alice in Wonderland characters on the cozy quilts ! Amazing !

we stayed in the Disneyland Hotel at the beginning of November for four nights. We arrived after a twelve hour flight to be greeted by the friendliest of staff who immediately upgraded our room to a suite ! ! We were very impressed with both our accomodation and the hotel in general. The view from our room was beautiful - we were overlooking the maze and had fishing boats passing outside our window ! We ate breakfast in the hotel every morning and were waited on hand and foot , although breakfast was a small but tasty buffet !

i choose this Hotel as I had previously stayed at the Disneyland Hollywood Hotel and not been very happy with my stay and decided that next time I would stay at this Hotel instead and organised my stay through the Hotel itself .

if you 've ever stayed at another 5-star Disneyland hotel then this will pale in comparison...a 4 star at best when it comes to the service and the &quot ; nickel and dime&quot ; treatment. There were some nice things like the Disney Princesses showing up in the hotel lobby and not having to wait in long lines at the park , as well as the child 's sized bathrobe and slippers in the rooms. The rooms were modest in size but at least the beds were comfortable some hotels in Asia give you the equivalent of a box spring to sleep on ; they 're so firm . Here are some things we were a little &quot ; put off&quot ; by : There are no movies to watch in your room i.e. when you put your little one down to sleep and stay in the room , not even pay-per-view. The &quot ; many&quot ; Disney channels they offer are actually a couple channels of repeat TV shows offered in several languages ; the same thing on three channels but one in English , Cantonese , and Mandarin. Another irritant was that guests who were already paying at least $ 300 USD per night , were asked to pay an additional fee to go into the locker room of the spa and use the whirlpool or sauna. Basically , I could work out in the gym or pool but had to go get cleaned up in my room. What ? ! I understand having to pay for services like massage , but these were more expensive and fewer minutes than anywhere I 've found in Asia. Concerning prices , be prepared to spend a ridiculous amount of money on average food. The enticement for their buffet is that the Disney characters come greet you at your table Mickey , Goofy , Daisy , Pluto... . It is admittedly fun for one meal , even worth the $ 30 USD per person for breakfast once , but the food was quite average. Dinner prices were $ 75 USD per person and also only average. This is more than double the money than at some of the very nice buffets at the Grand Californian at the LA Disneyland - where the food and service is much better. Concerning service , it is also passable but again not &quot ; 5-star&quot ; and certainly not what westerners might be used to. There is definitely no &quot ; customer is always right&quot ; mentality or even close. I was given misinformation by hotel staff about the availability of suites , misinformation by my travel agent about the items including in our package which the hotel could have accommodated very easily , and several other things. When I brought some of these things to the attention of management Grace and Theresa I think , the answer I was given was , &quot ; I understand , but we 've only been here a short time&quot ; referring to the hotel only being in existence for a couple years . I was floored at the response and disappointed at the total disregard for my concerns and no attempt to &quot ; improve our stay&quot ; as they claim they will do. The only final things worth mentioning is that the hotel and park are in the middle of nowhere , so if you want to eat somewhere else , stop by a convenience store , etc. you have to travel pretty far. We felt a bit like prisoners and like we had n't actually been to Hong Kong. The subway MRT is pretty convenient at least. Last but not least , everyone knows that this is the smallest of the Disneyland parks. Young children can enjoy the rides , but teens will likely find it difficult to stay entertained with the lack of adrenaline-inducing rides .

i know most people if not all that are staying in this hotel are doing it because they are going to see disneyland. And I know you have to be disney hardcore fans in order to stay in this hotel , because you are planning to visit the theme park at least two days in a row .

my husband , two young kids and I had a great time at HK Disney and this was enhanced by our stay at the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel. If you have a young child with you I had my 2 year old , it 's really worth it to stay near the park especially come afternoon nap time. We stayed on the Kingdom Club floor 7th floor and were treated to cheerful , personalized service by the staff. At the lounge , we enjoyed a hassle free check in , all-day complimentary snacks and beverages including a delicious breakfast buffet , video rentals and someone to assist us with everything we needed. The kids loved seeing the characters in the lobby , checking out the activities in the kids ' play room , the garden maze and swimming in the huge pools indoor and outdoor . Even simple things like hidden Mickeys and fairy tale characters in the carpet , bed spreads , mirrors , etc. were greatly appreciated by my kids. The only negative for me was the lack of places to eat at for dinner -- the food at the hotel restaurants was just average and quite pricey. Despite this , we had a great time. We will definitely stay here again .

what did my 6 year old daughter have to say about the hotel ? ‚ Ä ú I love this hotel. There are princesses everywhere. Can we come back again ? ‚ Ä ù

we stayed at the hotel for one night on the 25 September. We travelled to the hotel from the airport by public transport , which was a bit of a pain. A bus , MTR and another bus. We took a cab back and it was HK $ 130 and well worth the extra. Check in was fine , swift and pleasant and we were able to buy our park tickets then. The room was comfortable and I loved the tiny kids robe in the wardrobe. The beds were comfortable and the air con efficient. The room was heavily carpeted and it was one of the quietest hotels I 've stayed in. We arrived quite late , but we had to eat almost immediately as the restaurants closed at 11pm and there was no 24 hour coffee shop .

a little less enjoyable in our 2nd visit here. We were given the seaview room - not sure why , but the air in the room we stayed in , was very dry. We missed having the balcony even though it was garden view in our 1st time. Still , it was an opportunity to check out the seaview this round , and the pool scene was not bad and it was not noisy. The kids ' pool is very nice and clean for kids ; and they have a great indoor pool for adults .

on our last trip to Hong Kong we visited Hong Kong Disneyland .

we stayed fr the last two days of our holiday on the 7th Kingdom Floor to take advantage of the lounge , and breakfast food and drinks throw in , as part of a 13 day stay in Hong Kong .

spent two nights in adjoining rooms with kids. Did the character breakfast , hung out at the pool. They do a reasonable job , but to be honest , it does n't feel 'Disney ' enough - they could do a little more .

we stayed here for three nights. The service was excellent. Due to our flight being delayed , we only arrived at the early hours of the morning. The staff was very helpfull ad welcomed us on our names. The did everything possible to ensure checkin goes fast as they wanted us to get to our room asap .

we stayed here on a recent trip to Hong Kong for 2 nights in a &quot ; Sea View with Balcony&quot ; room. The Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel is one of two hotels in the resort and is a very close walk to the park. Hong Kong Disneyland itself was very disappointing and much too small , but we did enjoy the hotel .

the hotel was ok ~ clean with a professional front desk and front door chauffers.... but overall a bit impersonal in my opinion. The restaurants were great ~ although a little expensive , all the dishes tasted great , even the room service foods were good. The room was clean but no nitely turn-down service which is kind of weird ...The lobby is very noisy and crowded and so was the pool... .

this is my second visit. Have been there last Dec , nice experience though tripadvisor seems not like the review , it was not uploaded inspite of repeated tries... .

i got only 1 word to describe ' fabulous ! You would never regret staying here. Awesome !

i am a local Hong Kong people and booked a spa + stay package for our anniversary. The spa is perfect in all aspects. The spa room , the therapist , the staff , the amenities and the atmosphere are all with top standard. The hotel room is also clean and spacious. Completely sound proof. There should be kids running and playing around but we were not disturbed at all .

was there 3 day and 2 nights with wife , 2 kids , maid and parents in law.Booked 2 adjoining kingdom club room but was upgraded to presidential suite. Totally unreal , with living room kitchen guest room balcony that runs the whole length. Wow ! Once in a llifetime experience !

compared to the other Disney Hotel in the same area with Hollywood theme , this one is significantly less crowded. The hotel is beautiful , the room is spacious and the service is excellent. I still remember one time we came back to our room when it was already dark outside to find the lights in our room had been turned on and in the bathroom sat a cute little ghost made out of white towel , what a lovely surprise and to me little charming things like that leave such lovely memories of the place. After all , it 's Disneyland !

magical experience......... .

we went with our then 2 year old daughter and inlaws. We were upgraded to a fantasia room and loved the jacuzzi tub. Our daughter loved her slippers and little robe. We went to a character dinner and it was great the only problem being that 3 of the 4 characters made it to our table in the first hour but Minnie took almost 2 hours to get to our section which was too long for our 2 year old to be patient .

hi Disneyland ,everything you could wish for and more. Incredibly beautiful at night when lit up like a palace ,great service and luxury all around. I have stayed at many Hotels but would rate this as one of the best in the world.The breakfast at Enchanted Garden restaurant had about 100 choices and so was great value considering you were also entertained by the Disney Characters.It is not necessarily quiet as the children are so delighted to see Mickey etc .

we stayed in a fantasia room at the Hong Kong Disneyland for three nights. We would agree with all of the positive statements made by other reviewers. Spacious , deluxe room with all of the &quot ; Disney touches&quot ; Sleepy &quot ; do not disturb&quot ; sign for door , Snow White and 7 dwarfs in bathroom mirror frame , etc . Luxorious bathroom with great dual shower spiquets and jaccuzi tub. Comfortable king-sized bed. Room immaculately clean. Great view of harbor and garden maze. Staff very courteous. Common rooms and rest of buildings - super design and furnishings. Great atmosphere for families and children , even though there were just the two of us , we enjoyed these aspects too . Besides Disneyland itself , easy transfer by the special Disnelyand line to the main train line and from there only one stop to the cable car to see the &quot ; Big Buddha&quot ; . Spent another day in Hong Kong/Kowloon. Only took about 25 minutes on the metro system to get to downtown Hong Kong and Victoria peak station. Go spend some time in the Hong Kong Historical Museum ! Easy taxi drive to and from airport. Can not say anything negative about our stay here - except that we would have loved to have just stayed a few more days just to enjoy the hotel itself .

our main aim was to go to Disneyland so it was either this hotel or the other pricier hotel. Hollywood did not disappoint. Check-in was at 2pm and my first impression was the friendly and courteous bellhops. The lobby was very posh and clean. The receptionists spoke excellent English. The room was very clean and my kids were thrilled by the Mickey Mouse logos around the room .

we stayed here after four days in Kowloon and it was an oasis of peace and quiet. We had booked the cheapest garden view but found we had been upgraded to a sea view which was a nice surprise. Mind you February is very much off peak season and the hotel was very quiet. As you would expect from Disney , the room was immaculate with lovely touches such as Snow White toiletries , gowns for the whole family , free slippers etc. We had a night flight the following day and so paid extra for a late check out - so pleased we did. It meant we had another whole day in the park , could get showered up , eat and check out at 9pm for the 15 minute taxi ride to the airport. For the techies out there , there was free broadband and a huge flat screen plasma TV .

stayed at Disney for 2 days at the start of our Far East holiday. Lovely experience. We had booked club rooms but were upgraded to a suite which had views of the fireworks each evening .

stayed at this hotel for three night. Fantastic from one end to the other. Would love to go back here some time. We travelled with two children , one fiveyearold and one ten month old baby. Our daughter had stars in here eyes the whole weekend. The staff , the room , the food , the surroundings - everything was immaculate. The breakfast with the characters was fun but a bit stressfull- we didnt eat much ! Fun food for the kids and lot of choices in beverages , fruits , cakes and hot food. The park and the maze outside the hotel is very nice. The hotel atmosphere is one of a kind. Disneymusic in the background in the elevator , in the hall , the staff with names like &quot ; Cupid&quot ; , &quot ; Angel&quot ; and &quot ; Princess&quot ; and the decor of the hotel that makes you feel like a princess - or prince. Bus to the park from the front of the hotel. Not far from the airport either. Only twenty minutes .

we loved our stay here. We checked in and Cinderella and Princess Aurora were in the check-in area letting children meet them ‚ Ä ì my 3 year old daughter ‚ Ä ô s eyes nearly popped out of her head and she was grinning like the Cheshire Cat. We stayed for 3 nights. The room was a nice size , the indoor pool was lovely , the location and shuttle service to Disneyland were excellent and the breakfast with Mickey Mouse , Pluto , Minnie Mouse and Goofy in the morning in the Enchanted Garden restaurant was a fantastic experience. It is not just a stay in a hotel , it is a unique experience and one our family of 4 will do again and highly recommend. The look of excitement and enjoyment on my 2 young children ‚ Ä ô s faces was a priceless experience .

we stayed in this hotel for just a night December 27 , 2007 .. on second thought , I would have loved to have stayed longer .

we stayed at the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel from 10-12th Dec 2007 and were very pleased with the overall experience. We booked the Fantasia Room through the internet 2 months before .

we booked 2 rooms for 3 nights before christmas , and 2 nights after christmas. During both stays , we found that service at most divisions were still very good , but actually downgraded compared to last year .

this is our first Disneyland Hotel stay and my 31/2 year old son enjoyed it immensely. He was so excited when the taxi drove into the hotel 's driveway. He wanted to ask the bellhop if Mickey stays there. The hotel has all the typical Disney touches - bronze statues of Mickey and Minnie at the entrance of the main entrance. Because it was Christmas season , there was a huge Christmas tree and other festive decorations .

how amazing is this hotel i didnt want to leave we took our eight year old who could not believe his eyes a grand victorian hotel with everything , you felt like you were in another world the service , the attention you were so spoiled we felt like kings the rooms were huge the views were wonderfull we strolled along the walk way to disneyland it is not far a 10min at most walk but along the path are waterfalls it is a tropical oasis with piped music from all the disney movies paradise plus we always arrived the same time as the people who took the bus.. the breakfasts are so magical the charactures pay so much attention to your table you must do this i loved this hotel.. ps the picture is of hollywood for this hotel not the dineyland hotel ?

my friends and I - the 4 of us - had a crazy day in the park , could n't wait to settle down at the Disneyland Hotel. Shuttle bus service is available right outside the park. I dont believe anyone would like to walk from the park to the hotel....a bit far in my opinion. Went for check in at like 9 in the evening so there were n't any line ups , quick and efficient. Booked a sea view with balcony room , but there were only ONE set of toilet amenity , ONE set of shower cap , comb....etc.etc we were n't amused as we were tired and stuff , but the housekeeping staffs were quick to get us loads. Brilliant view we 've got. We could see the IFC CLEARLY from our balcony .

our family two adults and children are aged 5 and 7 had a lovely two nights at this hotel. This was our experience :

stayed at this and the Hollywodd hotel at the beginning and end of our holiday. The sevice is better in this than the Hollywood , but unlike others I found this hotel more noisey and frantic. The foyer always seemed packed and the pool area felt far more on show with lots of people wandering by as we sat by the pool. We were upgraded to a corner room which was quite nice but did not seem to have as much space for 2 adults and 2 children as there was just a king size bed and a single sofa bed they did offer to put another camp bed in but this would have made it a squeeze .

it was luxury ! I felt that I was in a pretty little town because it has such an attractive lobby ! Checking in was fast. The room was so pretty , it was unbelievable ! Especially the bathrooms - you 'd want to sleep in there ! Room service was extremely fast. Hotel restaurant offered a wide array of food ! There 's just so much to do in the hotel ! It 's really a five star hotel !

stayed at Disneyland Hotel on the way back from Sydney , and had a great time .

initially booked 2 rooms @ Hollywood hotel. Did n't like the noisy &amp ; defening atmosphere there so transferred to Disneyland Hotel. Had a look @ Kingdom Club Suite with a connecting Kingdom Club room. That suited us as we had 4 children. Stayed 4 nights there .

this is the best hotel in which my husband and I have ever stayed. Everything was beautiful , clean , and top quality. My husband , two children , ages 3 and 5 , and I stayed in an average room for three with a view of the water and the gardens. There were a lot of little details in the room that make a big difference. There were two adult robes and slippers as well as one child robe and slippers. There was a step stool in the bathroom , complimentary water and milk in the fridge , and a very nice amenity kit. The bed was very , very comfortable and the room-darkening curtains were exactly that. They were perfect. No light came through at all - very nice if you have children who need to nap in the middle of the day .

our family stayed for 3 nights at standard room inside kingsize bed,sofa bed,jacuzzy,flat tv,coffe tea maker---heavenly at 31 may till 3 june 2007.We want to celebrate our daughter 6 birthday so we arrage some birthday cake &amp ; goofy character assist us to blow up tha candles,singging the cast &amp ; goofy very lame and not enthusiastic---decepointed . The serviced is standard.The hotel is valued for money,even though expensive but many advantages such as room is cozy,buffet breakfast all high quality and tasty including the character,shuttle bus to the park,many info that we need-weather forecast,the park agenda,and if we buy stuff at the park they will send them to the hotel --free of charge !

an absolutely amazing hotel for all ages. Everything about this hotel is five star with a little bit more on top. The presentation is immaculate inside and out. I feel that the otside presentation is better than the USA Disneyland hotel. Would highly recommend this venue to those wishing to do the Disneyland thing. If using this venue as a touch base for other places in Hong Kong , you might find it a bit out of the way .

having just returned home after spending two nights at the Disneyland Hotel Hong Kong I just had to let you all know how fantastic it really was. We joined the Tung chung MTR line at Hong Kong Central this also picks up in Kowloon 3 minutes later and continued onto Sunny Bay Station where we changed train and joined the disneyline. How fab was it when the Disney train arrived every window on the train was the shape of Mickey Mouses head. Even once on board the hand rails were Mickey Mouse shaped too. from that moment we knew we were in for a terrific time. Within 30 mins of leaving Hong Kong Island we had arrived at Disney. Jumped on the free shuttle bus to the Disneyland Hotel. We stopped enroute to drop off passengers at the Hollywood Hotel but when we arrived at our Hotel we knew we had made the right choice. My Husband ,son age 2 and myself had booked a Kingdom Club Room which we had a full sea view on the 7th floor and access to the lounge which served nibbles,breakfasts etc. The hotel rooms were truly wonderful worth every penny. On the first night we watched the fireworks from the balcony in the club lounge this was excellent.Powerful showers spotless everywhere flat screen tv even a small one in the bath room free mini bar. The first morning we had breakfast in the club lounge , but the second morning we had a character breakfast in the enchanted restaurant this is well worth doing and again worth every penny the choice of food was unreal. from english breakfast to chinese breakfast fresh fruit. Good choice for children. I only had one little grumble and that was the room service choice of the childrens menu of which i did mention to the staff on check out. We stayed at this hotel after Easter which turned out to be agood choice as it was very quiet. The service of the staff was superb and nothing was to much trouble. It was very sad to leave this truly luxurious hotel. Never mind we still have the memory. Two days at Disney theme park is plenty as this is the smallest park , and you can do and see everything within this time .

we had a fantastic stay in April 2006. Breakfast with the characters was special and being so close to the park meant we could go back to the room in the afternoon and return for the fireworks in the evening which should not be missed. A magical stay which would warrant a return if there were not so many places to visit in the world ! Hotel quality overall was excellent , and the kids loved the Disney surprises in the room .

kids will simply adore this place... very family oriented too... each room comes with 2 queen-size beds.. and there are cartoon channels in both cantonese and English language. .

i stayed 8 nights in the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel .

