i have to agree with many comment mentioned below that rooms are small. But for once the service rendered in this hotel by its staff was absolutely faboulus. All staff from reception to maids on the floor are very polite and very accomodationg. Nothing seem out of ordinary for them. All my requests were full filled in time .

got to say that the location is very good. Close to Times Square , the Tram and the nice little wonton noodle shop that is open 24hrs. Room is very small. I reserved the business class room only to find out later that they gave me the studio and charged me for business class. My neighbor smoked all 3 nights I was there and I politely asked the manager all three nights to ask him to stop , but it never happened. The guy next to me continued to smoke .

we tried this hotel for this trip because it was opened in 2008 - pretty new- we thought. We pre-booked it for the first two and last two days of our trip with Wotif.com .

  times a year i visit Hong Kong and this time I was booked at Hotel Bonaparte by Rhombus by my client as their office is very near to the hotel. Causeway Bay .

i stayed in this hotel for 2 days and 2 nights. the room was small. all the rooms have 2 beds in it. good if you are travelling with a companion. but if you are alone , the extra bed occupies lots of space , considering the room is already so small. the toilet and the bath area are separate and both are small too. no telephone provided in the room , they can provide you with a cordless telephone for local calls but with a fee. so without the phone , there is no way of contacting the front desk. no choice but to go down. no internet access , but they can provide a prepaid internet kit for a fee also telephone and internet fee is charged every 24H . they do n't have shuttle service. if you need to go to the airport though , the front desk can arrange an airport shuttle for you but the shuttle will not pick you up from hotel bonaparte ! you have to walk approximately 10 meters to the next hotel and there you have to wait for your shuttle. the staff at the front desk are not so accomodating. the buffet breakfast that comes with the day 's package consists of muffins , fruits and cereals , nothing more. if you are staying there for business at the HK convention center , it is quite far. you can get to the convention center via taxi and it would cost HKD20 .

i stayed for two days at this hotel .

i stayed for a week and found the place to be a comfortable , safe place. The newly refurbished rooms have very clean bath and toilet facilities , and the new down lighting was very nice - the decor , overall , is fantastic. There is an LCD TV with English and Cantonese channels , you can watch BBC News as well as two English movie channels if you ca n't understand Cantonese , and there are other English channels I ca n't recall. I would not say the room is small to the point of being cramped , I had space to lay out and open and close my luggage , but it certainly is on the small side. Housekeeping was excellent , noise was not a problem , check-in and check-out was smooth - however I was n't advised that a HK $ 800 deposit was required upon check-in returned at check-out . They also provide you with a cell phone for free during your stay , I never used it so I 'm not sure about actual call costs. You can ask reception for an adaptor for electrical plugs , I 'm not sure if its a free service because its itemized on a price list in my room , but I was never charged for it - they even had housekeeping come up and deliver it to my room ! There is a complimentary newspaper delivered to your door every morning , I almost slipped on it coming out my room the first morning , and there is a cafe on the ground floor but I suspect prices are a little high compared to eating places outside the hotel. However the cafe does have the only onsite internet , and you need to make some sort of purchase to be able to use it - and I found the keyboard on the right-most PC to be a little problematic. However the service in the hotel cafe is friendly and reliable - I once went back upstairs without paying my bill , having forgotten to do so , and when I returned a minute or two later the waitress did not throw a hissy fit , which is what I suspect a fair few Hong Kong staff would do in many other places. With regards to the location , it is located on busy Hong Kong Island , in Wan Chai , not too easy to get to if you 're arriving by Airport Express at Hong Kong Station in Central. Do n't think about walking from Central to Wan Chai ! Also there is a nearby MTR entrance at Times Square , and you can take a shortcut through some really * authentic * Hong Kong fresh produce and fish markets , but the entrance itself is actually more like half a kilometre from the actual subway station , which is the impression you will get after walking through endless underground tunnels. The Wan Chai Star Ferry pier is also about a 15min walk , I used it several times , its safe and actually pretty busy compared to the main one at Central. Also , this being Hong Kong , there are relatively few places to escape the chaos and the clutter and the crowds , so be aware of that if choosing a hotel like this. I found the chaos nauseating at times , but fortunately , my hotel room was very comfortable and relaxing !

* Customer service is not acceptable at all .

my friends and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. We booked 3 rooms. 2 rooms were the same size described below . 1 room was relatively bigger than the other 2. This is due to the fact that that 1 room was a corner room. You might want to request for this one if you book this hotel. You 'll have at least some space for luggage in this corner room. In the other rooms , there 's not much space to open a big luggage .

i tried out the new hotel by Rhombus given the pleasant surprise staying in the LKF previously. While I recognise the hotel bonaparte 's rating is lower , there is no comparison , facilities here are brand new but everything is so small - 'cosy ' is not a good description. There is nowhere to store luggage , you have to either be tiny or a contortionist to use the shower and there is very little space to use the writing desk. In addition there are few choices of tv channel and no phone in room , likely because there was no room for it .

