for the price you pay this Hotel is over rated. We arrive after 12pm and been dropped by a shuttle bus in a side street no bell boy to assist you with your luggage. Staff not friendly and willing to accommodate you. Very expensive 15min inter use US $ 40 in a room so small you struggle to turn around. Rooms are very small , if you try to open the mini bar you bump against the bed. Shower is so small you struggel to turn arround. If you don ‚ Ä ô t stay on floor 20 or above the view is very bad. We paid for a late checkout but had to be out by 2pm. Breakfast is the only very good thing about this Hotel .

stayed 5 nights at this hotel late November 2009. Newish hotel well located in south TST just off Nathan Road with easy access to the MTR via the Hanoi Street entry/exit which is about 50m from the hotel ‚ Ä ì still a fair walk to the trains via the underground walkways ‚ Ä ì but very convenient. Only a couple of minutes walk to Nathan Rd and about 10 mins walk to Harbour City .

the hotel was comfortable , in a good location and was filled with friendly and efficient staff. We would definitely stay at this hotel again .

we stayed two nights in Hotel Panorama in December 2009 on the way to Singapore and Malaysia. The main reasons we chose this hotel were reasonable price and view to the Victoria harbour. We arrived to Kowloon by bus from HKIA , since the hotel was just a couple of blocks away from the bus stop and the bus is the most affordable way to reach the city .

my main purpose to stay at this hotel was because of its bathroom with harbour view , as they advertised so much. I reserved a harbour view , platinum suite. When I checked in I realized living room and bedroom had harbour views , but the bathroom did not have any views at all. I asked the front desk whether they could change the room for me. They said it was the only room available. Come on. I notice even a single studio room had the harbour view bath room. That was their advertising point. I felt I was cheated .

room was so small , there was no place to put our 4 large luggage , but the location was great , and it was a new hotel. The staff were really friendly .

this was our 2nd time in Hong Kong , having stayed at the Eaton Hotel previously. We booked this through Expedia.co.uk and got what I thought was a bargain .

travel with parent and arrived late evening and find that the front desk staff who had to check us in is not quite happy and although i understand that hotel will require to ask for deposit for incidental charges but was amazed that they asked for quite a huge amount for 3 nights stay MYR 720/HKD1500 . Totally shocked and in the end the staff mentioned that its alright... MYR 480 will do... was not quite happy about it but still we place that amount of deposit as we understood that as long as we dont damage any thing or use the mini bar. But the check-in experience was not what i expected .

have stayed at this hotel several times since it 's grand opening. Services , rooms and commitments are top notch... but my recent experience had me giving it a stop sign .

this is a super hotel , the view is amazing , you can watch the light show from you room .

been a while since we returned from our Hong Kong trip. Travelled with elderly parents and to my pleasant surprise , HK offers good amenities to make our travel seem so easier especially with escalators at every nook and corner .

this is my 5th stay at Hotel Panorama in the space of 16 months. My initial reaction to the size of the room was surprise as they are small. There are issues in some rooms where you can not work at the built in desk and push your chair back without hitting the foot of the bed. I remind myself that I am in Hong Kong where space is a premium. This time I am staying in a king Platinum Room as a corporate guest. This has some significant cost advantages for those wanting a good deal. This upgrade provides me with private check-in and check-out , free internet for the duration of my stay , complimentary buffet breakfast on the 38th floor each morning , free use of the business centre and three pieces of laundry per day. All in all a good , useful package .

very brief update for anyone who , like us were concerned by the previous three reviews. Check in was superb - very well organised and staff very very polite. Room is a Silver Deluxe which is very spacious indeed - two double beds , office area and huge TV. Bathroom includes both a shower and nice sunken style bath. Everything immaculately clean .

the hotel cheated us ! After promising a large room and further amenities at the time of booking , they gave us a really tiny cubicle to stay in ! Then they told us if we wanted a larger room we would have to pay $ 400HKD + tax extra per day inspite of a confirmed bookng. The guy who took our reservation was no where to be seen and instead one really rude manager came and told us to take it or leave it. Since all of Hong kong was fully booked for a conference we had no choice but to cough up the extra amount. The entire hotel staff is extremely rude and do not understand what hospitality means. By all means avoid this hotel. They are nothing but a bunch of cheats out to loot travellers .

this is my 6th trip to Hong Kong and by far this is the worst hotel. The rooms are so tiny you ca n't even roll your luggage to the other side of the room. We stayed at a Superior Gold room with Harbor View on the 25th floor and the edge of the bed is practically touching the desk with only space for one person to move around. After making a complaint about the size of the room they upgraded us to a Superior Gold Deluxe room on the 21st floor which was a little bigger but we had to sacrifice our harbor view. The rooms look rather run down and in addition , the lighting is terrible and limited. The hotel is located near an MTR station entrance but you will find that the subway/train is actually about a 15 minute walk away .

platinum room offered a great view of the harbor ; but was incredibly small. I was a bit surprised to notice some black mold in the bathroom as the hotel is somewhat new. The hotel does not appear to offer any common areas other than the platinum lounge , which is , itself , fine if you have access to it. Breakfasts were OK ; but not outstanding .

we stayed at the panorama for 6 nights and were very happy with our choice of hotel.we had only booked a basic superior silver room but upon arrival we were offered a suite on the 38th floor at the cost of ¬ £ 40 per night extra,this was a great deal as it was nearly half what it was priced at on the internet.the room was very spacious with 2 plasma tvs,a large bathroom amd a massive king bed,the views were spectacular overlooking the whole of the harbour,we could have lay in bed and watched the light show if we had wanted.the room was cleaned and tidied to a high standard daily and all toiletries were replaced daily.we had a daily paper delivered each morning and one night we came in to a basket of fruit,very nice touch.all the staff were more than helpful .

cleanliness - The room was clean and well-made when we got there. There was minimal dust on drawers and the closet. The elevators were always being cleaned when we were there .

the hotel is practical neighbour to one of the biggest underground stations in Hong Kong , so whitin minutes you can be anywhere in the city. It simply has a great location .

positives :

this Hotel is well located .

you wo n't go wrong staying in this hotel. It is new , about a year old , the staff are very polite and helpful and the room amenities are superb. I booked a deluxe gold room but it was upgraded to a platinum floor room upon check-in. The room had a good view of the harbour high-rise buildings were within sight too. The location of the hotel is a bit confusing and disorientating at first but you can easily get your bearings right after a short walkabout in the surrounding streets .

my sister and I travelled to Hong Kong with our elderly but spritely 81yo father and stayed for 7nts at the Hotel Panorama. After a mix-up in communication from our Australian travel agent , the hotel had our booking as being for only 2 people. I produced my booking invoice which clearly stated I had paid for 3 people and hence should have been advised to book 2 rooms by my agent but was n't told . After consultation with the lovely Tiffany at check-in , she spoke with the Duty Manager Andrey who much to our delight allocated us a Suite on the 33rd floor. Well , what can I say ? . We walked into the most fantastic view I had ever seen. The floor to ceiling wiindows framed Hong Kong harbour at it 's absolute best ! The suite was amazing with 2 plasma 's , a Capuccino machine , walk-in wardrobe , to mention just a few features. As we had pre-booked our room on the executive floor , it also allowed us entry to the Panorama Lounge and the great benefits this provided , including all day free drinks and snacks , free wi-fi , cocktails for 2 hours nightly and access to breakfast on the 38th floor in the restaurant with it 's incredible views. From our first night there , we encountered the BEST staff I have ever seen at any Hotel I have stayed at in my numerous holidays away. From the Executive Lounge concierges , Venus , Ellen , Daisy to Tiffany , Andrey , John , Sherpa , NOTHING was too much trouble for these WONDERFUL people , they really put so much effort into making our stay so very special for my Father , Sister and I. I can not recommend this FABULOUS hotel enough and the location is just perfect , right in the middle of everything. So , treat yourself to the Club floors , if you can and enjoy the absolute delight that is the Hotel Panorama .

as a 4th timer in Hongkong I already know what I am expecting in regards to size of the room , it 's smaller than Park Hotel 's room but not to small as Rambler and other hotels.. .

hotel located in great area , near the harbour and the comercial area .

chose this hotel based on Trip Advisor ratings without doing a serious research. As the result paid a price- rReally disappointed : room is small , bathroom is smaller. For the family of four it was really a struggle to make a room livable. Found the traces of mold in the room , but decided not to make a big deal of it. The only plus of our stay is the excellent restaurant on the 38th floor .

stayed twice this summer , both ends of flight to Canada. Such a pleasure ! Nice rooms , with the trademark corner floor-to-ceiling windows. We paid extra once for a high harbor view ; very nice , but not essential. The second stay was lower , with little view ; still a lovely stay. So , I would recommend buying the view once ! Room has lovely ; good-sized bathroom ; be sure to ask for a tub , if that is what you want .

stayed at Hotel Panorama for 3 nights in July 2009. From the minute we arrived we were treated like royalty. We booked 2 Superior Platinum Rooms with interconnecting doors - which we got , as we travelled with young children. Although the rooms were small I believe this is the norm in Hong Kong ! We had a Private Check-In which was quick and hassle-free. Our view of the harbour was great both by day and by night .

stayed here for 4 nights in July. Request to upgrade to Platinum room and paid Singapore dollars about $ 70 more extra per night. Seems a bit expensive for the upgrade since the rooms are of the same sizes except that we were on the 32nd floor with 2 direct lifts serving only from floors 32 upwards , and a great view of the Hong Kong harbour skyline with no blockage .

my partner and I just got back from staying 8 nights. From the moment we arrived , we were treated very well. As I had booked a deluxe harbour view room with access to the Club lounge , we were taken to the express elevator and signed in on the 39th floor. Our plane had arrived in at 6.45am and while we weren ‚ Ä ô t expecting a room that early , we were hoping and our room was ready for us .

i 've booked a Gold Deluxe Room , the view was not really fantastic. I was expecting a better view , but was given a partial See view and partial Roof top view of old buildings 20Flr which was not very appealing. Location was not very convenience even though there was a SUBWAY station nearby , we still have to walk about 10mins to the TsimShatsui station to catch a train. Even in the morning , where we were still very fresh &amp ; energetic , we felt tired after the long walk , its draining us up. To make things worst , we have to carry our big &amp ; heavy shoppings bags &amp ; dragged our tiresome bodies back to the hotel .

i stayed at the Panorama by Rhombus for three nights en route to Sydney and I was very impressed .

after reading reviews on this hotel , I expected much better. Like everyone else , I agree that the rooms are small. The view was nice but it was obstructed. The service was just so-so. The breakfast was sparse. For the the amount paid for the room , I expected it to wow me. The hotel is not bad. I would recommend others stay here , but I will keep searching for a better alternative .

loved this hotel , started off on the right note as we got upgraded to a platinum room when we arrived that had a harbour view. Room was just the right size , not to big or small. Large bed , one of the most comfortable I 've slept in. Location is fantastic , MTR around the corner , walking distance to Nathan Road , bars around the corner and great little places to eat a short walk away. Bathroom was small but clean and restocked with goodies every day , free newspaper delivered to the door every morning , effiecient room service - I really ca n't fault it .

if you are not particular with the quality of serivce and do n't mind not having the feel of luxurious... and you are a shopping diva , you will find this is a great hotel as it location is right in the center of Tsim Sha Tsui. Within walking distance , you are in Nathan Road , Cameron Road and all the famous shopping district .

i stayed in Hotel Panorama for 7 days during July. We were upgraded to a Platinum Deluxe room when we booked a Gold Deluxe room. The view was breathtaking. And also when you go up to the roof-top garden , it 's like a postcard view at night. The only problem is the golf green is closed for renovation , so there is no partying on the roof .

stayed just one night , that was enough .

the only thing that might be a problem is the size of the rooms. The single occupancy room I had at first was small. That said , the rooms still had everything you 'd expect from the much more expensive 5 + star hotels a few blocks away. Moreover , the minimalist lines and the super-efficient use of space makes size a non-issue , unless one is very heavy-set .

stayed for 4 nights in June when I visited friends in HK. Great location and friendly staff. Got lucky and was upgraded to a Platinum Room with full harbour view. If you can afford it go for it , it 's lovely. Liked the furniture and the stylish bathroom .

i stayed at the Hotel Panorama from June 5th-9th for a long weekend break in Hong Kong and i have to say it is by far the best hotel I have stayed at .

we stayed at the Hotel Panorama last month , May 2009. It is a modern hotel and has above average amenities. It is located just a couple of minutes walk from Nathan Road very close to Holiday inn .

a large party from Australia , we were treated to excellent service and care at this hotel. Great value , stunning views and superb customer attention greeted us at Panorama. Assistance with elderly travellers , early checkin , upgrades and meticulous cleanliness made this trip more than memorable. It 's central location , proximity to transport,bars , shopping and laundry , as well as 7/11 store suited our purposes admirably. The staff were attentive from the desk staff to the housemaid and consiege and doormen- treatment of guests was faultless. The bar , restaurant and organized roof event ran efficiently and delivered all we hoped for. We will definitely return .

the Panorama was recommended by my Travel Agent as being a reasonably priced hotel in Kowloon. It turned out to be just that , but not much else .

very nice and modern hotel. Loved the open park balcony at the 40th floor. I requested a room with 2 double beds rare in Hong Kong because we were a family and got it. They also upgraded us free. Staff were very friendly and the manager also offered my daughters ice cream while we were waiting for our room in the lobby. Hotel is very convinient and near to everything. Highly recommended !

from start to finish the stff at reception &amp ; the breakfast room were excellent. The premies and location were good. Our only problem wa with the main restaurant on the upper floors. The staff , though lovely , and tryng to be helpful , they did n't really havea clue .

normally stay with a sister hotel of this group , LKF on HK Island but booked late and they were full already ! This time stayed at Hotel Panorama in TST , Kowloon and was amazed at the views available from guest rooms. Hotel seems to be located in the business district but as there was a height restriction on older buildings due to the previous aiport located at &quot ; Kai Tak&quot ; and Panorama has towered over them all with magnificent full views of Victoria Harbour. Hotel has a SKY Garden on 39/F , open air and perfect to get a few trip-shots that are good enough for printing postcards , restaurant is only a floor below so you can imagine the trend here.....food is great , excellent seafood and beef tenderloin the way it should be cooked. If you are on a budget they do have standard rooms available but if like me you were on business , book a Platinum room which comes with access to the Club Lounge , all the benefits and you guessed it , a view that impresses any new client or associate. Would recommened for anyone needing to do business on Kowloon side , or for a leisure visit as well priced and in mint condition they are celebrating only their first anniversary .

we booked for 5 nights in mid April and got a great deal through booking.com .

love his hotel. It 's romantic , it 's clean , higher floors are a real gem ; even the toiletries are split to guy/gal white / black , a great break to be spending with your love ones .

i 've stayed at the Hotel Panorama several times since it opened in 2007. My experience each time has been great. I travel to Hong Kong several times per year for business , and have stayed at most of the better hotels in the TST area in HK. Being brand new , the hotel is clean , modern and best of all does NOT reek of smoke. My old complaint about the hotel was the lack of a fitness center... however they recently added a full gym with all Precor equipment. The only negative is that the gym is in a separate building , but it opens at 6 : 30 am and stays open until late at night. The rooms are really tight unless you get a corner room. The corner room has a larger bathroom and bath tub. However the middle rooms have the tiniest shower stall ever created and if you are a full-size American you will bump your elbows at least once each time you shower. The staff is very accomodating and you should definitely stop by the Lucia restaurant and have a martini at the bar. It 's tough to get a taxi out front , but if you are willing to walk around the corner you can easily flag a taxi on the street. Overall this is a really good value and generally I find the price of this hotel is lower than hotels of equal status in the area. Do n't try booking a room on their website - the website always shows the rooms are full. Email their reservations department and request pricing and availability for your anticipated dates of travel and you will get much better service. The only cons are : Some of the rooms are too small , no wireless internet , and the internet that is available requires a fee .

the view from the hotel room is superb. Even the ride on the bullet lift to the hotel room is such an enjoyment as the harbour view is breathtaking .

the view overlooking the harbor was spectacular. Service went above and beyond. Room was a little small--but we were inHong Kong , afterall. Hip , modern amenities and decor. The overlook on the 38th ? had an unvbeliebvable view .

stayed at the Hotel Panorama for 3 nights in early March. Very easy to get from the airport to the hotel via the Airport Express. Get off at the Kowloon stop and then take the Airport Express Shuttle Bus , I forget the number but it is the same shuttle that stops at the Pennisula .

we stayed at the Panorama for 4 nights. The hotel was fantastic , I ca n't really fault anything about it. We booked the Platinum room which included the business lounge/breakfast and we got Harbour view - which was excellent !

hotel Panorama is located in a very good spot for people who likes to sight see by themselves , the Hotel is just a 2 minute walk from the TsimSha Tsui exit N , so travelling around is very convenient. If you like to visit the HongKong Side , the Star Ferry Terminal is about a 10 minute indoor walk from our EXIT N , the HongKong Science museum is about a 10 minute walk also. And ¬ † I think this subway exit is relatively new because it has a lift which is very friendly to disabled people and those who have big luggages. The Airport Express Complimentary Shuttle K3 stops in front of the hotel every so often so heading back to the Airport is a cinch , if you opted to take the cheaper alternative to the airport , you can go via the subway and look for Tsim Sha Tsuir Exit D2 , because across it is the Haipong Road where the is Cityflyer Airport Bus Stop .

we stayed one week at this hotel in March 2009 and were upgraded from silver to platinum room on the 36th floor. The view was really great ! The room was decorated in good Scandinavian taste and was very clean. If you are not really oversized the room size is fine for two adults. There is a bar/restaurant on the 38th floor with pleasant bartenders to chat and get some good tips for your vacation. In my opinion , the hotel ¬ ¥ s official www-pages really give a true picture of what to expect visiting hotel Panorama by Rhombus .

once again , thanks to TA members who gave us a heads up that these rooms are small .

we stayed at the Hotel Panorama for 6 nights in February. Arriving late at night we caught the A21 bus from the airport and with the help of locals managed to find the hotel off Nathan Road. The location of the hotel is Tsim Sha Tsui and is excellent being an easy walk to both Star Ferry Terminal and the Harbour. We booked the winter package and were upgraded to a Superior Gold Room on the 19th Floor with two queen size beds. The room had excellent views of the city and Victoria Harbour. Although our room was not overly large it was certainly modern , clean and new. Breakfast in Cafe Express was excellent and included Dim Sum. On our last day we we opted for buffet lunch in the Santa Lucia Dining Room on the 38th Floor the food was presented to a high standard. All the hotel staff were excellent and provided a very high standard of customer service .

we stayed at the Hotel Panorama by Rhombus in Hong Kong for 3 nights in March. The hotel is well situated on the Kowloon side of the Harbor. We had reserved a Deluxe Gold category of room because these have unobstructed harbor views. We paid $ 135USD/night including daily breakfast. We also purchased airport pick up for an additional $ 17.50/person. The airport service is arranged through a travel agency and you will be picked up by a bus and transported with other clients to several hotels- although we were the first stop. Upon arrival we were upgraded to Platinum which simply meant that the room had more amenities. This hotel was recently opened and as such was in very good condition. The rooms themselves are quite small by American standards ‚ Ä ì about 15 x 20 feet. There is a fairly small bathroom with a shower stall. The room contains a whopping flat panel television on the desk too big for the space a mini-fridge , robes and slippers , data port , docking station , safe , good air-conditioning and lots of other knick-knacks. In fact there was too much ‚ Ä ú stuff ‚ Ä ù sitting around and we ended up putting most of it away. Closet space is quite limited. The breakfast featured a good variety of foods- fruit , cereal , breads , yogurt , eggs and meats and was open from 6-10am. We also enjoyed dinner at the hotel lobby restaurant one night there are 2 restaurants , the lobby restaurant is Asian and the other is Italian . The Chinese food was very good and the service was excellent. The best thing about this hotel is the views- they are spectacular ! We could see all of the Hong Kong skyline from our room or we could if it had not been so foggy . There is also an open deck on the 40th floor where you can go to enjoy views of the city and practice putting really - it is only open to guests and they don ‚ Ä ô t mention it to you when you check in. We went up in the evenings to have a drink and relax in a quiet atmosphere. From the hotel it is also a 5 minute walk to the ‚ Ä ú avenue of the stars ‚ Ä ù and the harbor promenade where you can watch the light show each night a 8pm , this is also a fun place to hang out. It is close to Nathan Road for shopping and 10 minutes by taxi to the Jade Market and the Temple Street Night Market. There is no pool at this hotel .

my fiance and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights during February. We both love this hotel. It 's clean , great location and staffs are very helpful and friendly. Only one negative about this hotel is the size of the room and the bathroom. We booked the Superior Platium with full view of Victoria Harbor. However , when we walk in the room. It was suprise us that the size is a bit petit and mini. Anyway , we really have great time to stay in this hotel. We 'll come back to it when we visit Hong Kong again .

hotel Panorama , as of date , February 09 , is one of the newest hotels in the Tsim Sha Tsui area. That being said , it has newer , more modern rooms , well-thought out lay-outs and a generally efficient demeanor that says well-researched and tastefully concocted in that subdued 'beige ' way. There are no big surprises from this hotel--everything is spic and span , from the efficient business like lobby , to the simple and hard working rooms .

my wife &amp ; I had a superior gold room on the 19th floor , for 9 nights in early February. This was our 4th visit to Hong Kong &amp ; the smallest hotel room we 'd experienced - only one person at a time could move in comfort in both the room &amp ; bathroom. There were also some minor maintenance issues : one wardrobe door would n't close completely , the shower leaked &amp ; there was grout missing from some of the tiles in the bathroom , while there were small areas where the grout was badly discoloured. Our harbour view - especially the view to Central/Admiralty/Wanchai - was blocked by a taller building , although we could see most of the western end of the harbour without interruption. Lighting in the room was substandard &amp ; it was difficult to read in bed , due to the placement of the fittings &amp ; strength of the globes. If you need to use a telephone , I 'd suggest not using those in-room , as 5 local calls cost me $ HK205 On the positive side of things , the staff were friendly &amp ; helpful at all times &amp ; the hotel is only a 5-10 walk to TST East , with it 's range of restaurants &amp ; almost total absence of people wanting to sell you a suit , shirt , copy watch , handbag etc. It is also takes about the same time to walk to Nathan Road. The free shuttle bus to Kowloon Station stops alongside the hotel entrance &amp ; there 's an entrance to the TST &amp ; TST East MTR stations less than 2 minutes walk from the Hotels main door .

stayed at Hotel Panorama for a week Feb10th-17th. Room 1913 was an end room which meant that we did n't hear any people traffic from the elevators the hallways are quite narrow so noisy guest could be an issue. Our room contained 2 double beds , and yes HK rooms are small compared to others , but we found the room worked well for us. Beds were comfortable , light blocking curtains a must for me . Our bathroom being a corner one had magnificent views over Victoria Harbour. The Hotels location can be a bit tricky , however a local map of the area is all thats needed. Mtr station at the corner so , no problems getting around , Take the Airport express train then shuttle bus all included in the priceHK $ 140 for 2 one way , Dont bother with a taxi,

lovely , Clean hotel with Outstanding Views across Hong Kong harbour. Knowledgeable , friendly staff who were a pleasure to deal with .

i am always amazed by reviewers who write more about the breakfast at hotels , than the location or service. As if you are going to Hong Kong to stay at the hotel eating breakfast !

i booked this hotel through the hotel 's web site in Aug. 2008. I was request the two of double beds. That was the main reason what I choose this hotel. BC it does n't have too many hotel provide two of double bed in HK. In Asia , most of them only provide two twin beds .

i was in Hong Kong for christmas with my friend and we stayed at Hotel Panorama by Rhombus from 26 to 29 Dec 08 for 4 nights. We like this hotel and it was a pleasant stay experience .

little room with high price , old room only the bathroom is new smell of dust , very impolite staff ! ! Only the view is beautiful .

i stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in January , 2009. The hotel is in a convenient location in TST , though it is tucked in amongst a jumble of side streets , making it a little difficult to find on foot. It looks very new and all the staff I encountered were extremely helpful and friendly , like they were working in a 5 star hotel. My room was on the 21st floor facing the harbour. The room was small but it is HK ! with two single beds. It has a nice flat screen tv. Internet access is expensive in my opinion , $ 100 for wired and $ 150 for wireless. I think it is included with the more expensive rooms I had a superior gold . Very nice bedding and fluffy duvets. The bathrooms is also nice and features a shower with great water pressure. Overall , I had no complaints about this hotel. Note there is a 10 % &quot ; service charge&quot ; on top of your quoted rate .

i stayed at Hotel Panorama for Xmas 08. Same with the other writer , the first night we were sent over to a &quot ; service department&quot ; due to some electrical problem they had. Upon returning , they upgraded our room from deluxe gold to platinum. We did come back for another week of stay and ended up at the deluxe gold floor also. The main difference is the partially obstructed view with the deluxe gold. The platinum floor gives you a completely unobstructed view of Victoria Habour , which is quite spectacular. I would say the deluxe gold floor is not bad even though from certain angle you would see another building blocking the view. The platinum floor also give you access to the executive lounge with free internet and complimentary drink. There are plenty of things to do within walking distance from the hotel. The decor was slick and modern. I 'd like to add that the service from the staff is simply outstanding. I had the misfortune of losing my wallet in a taxi with all ID and credit card inside. The front desk staff was able to reassure me and help me contact the taxi broadcaster , low and behold the taxi driver call back and I was able to get my wallet back !

we were really happy with our booking at the Panorama over the Xmas/NY period. It represented good value for the great views and service that we received as part of the Deluxe Platinum Harbour View package. This included a bottle of wine on arrival , a room with views over the harbour , 300 HKD of room service credit , club lounge benefits , buffet breakfast and private check-in. Although this came at a higher price than the standard rooms , its well worth it. I do n't think I would have enjoyed my stay as much without the extra benefits :

this is a very good hotel , clean , very helpful staff , very comfortable , although small rooms. good location. Would always come back here again .

we spent our New Year in Hong Kong and chose this hotel because of the proximity to various key areas in TST which you can do with ample walking. Kowloon park is just a 10 minute walk by way of Haiphong Road and from there you can easily go to the China HK City Ferry Terminal where you can easily take a ferry to Macau. The TST promenade is also walking distance where you can go to the Avenue of the Stars , HK Space Museum , Clock Tower , etc .

had a bit of problems initially in checking in when the hotel claimed that certain levels of the hotel do not have power supply. Hence they moved us to another hotel promising us that the next day when we checked into Panorama , we will be duly compensated. What really surprises us is that they made a good service recovery when we checked into the hotel.. they upgraded our room to Platinum room with a harbour view and complimentary breakfast .

one of the previous reviewers seemed unsure how they felt about this hotel. That 's me too !

was a little apprehensive at first as this is the first time I am using Panorama Hotel and some of the recent reviews were not great. However , I am happy with my overall experience and will definitely consider using Panorama Hotel again for my next visit .

if this is only the 50th best hotel in Hong Kong , then some of the finest hotel operators must have saved their best work for this tiny part of Chinese Territory .

hotel is at good location to shops and foods. The hotel staff were fantastic , friendly , informative and helpful all the time. The room is very cosy but not very big , anyway that is the normal size of hotel in Hong Kong .

from my room , there was a wonderful view of the hong kong skyline. This view was even more lovely at night. On the 40th storey of the hotel , there was even a gallery for guests to have an unblocked view of the harbour .

i have been to HK for personal and business trips and stayed at places from YWCA to Conrad ... but nothing beats this atrocious experience at Panorama TST.--&gt ; &quot ; Sorry , your room is only ready at 10.30pm ! ! &quot ;

we reserved a platinum room and was upgraded to a suite on the 32nd floor. The room was very big - seperate living room , and huge closet .

the hotel location is not bad , though most buildings in the area are quite old , the view is good on the high levels but on the lower level you see a lot of old buildings that need to be renovated. The room shape is long and skinny , to maximize view i think , it makes the room really crowded and you can not walk pass the desk if someone is sitting in it .

i have mixed feelings about this hotel. There are some very good points about it , like the view of Hong Kong Harbour , but there are also some annoying qualities , mainly related to design .

stayed 8th to 14th November and as per the previous recent reviews I can thoroughly recommend this Hotel. Small Bedrooms but clean and well maintained each day. We were on 25th Floor in Fantastic Harbour view room. We had an offer of a free Breakfast thrown in in the Cafe Express each morning. Again this was of a really good standard. As for Hotel location , well we took a little time to find it but thats probably just us and the tiring 12 hour journey. Next Morning we found that we had walked all the way round the back streets to get there when we should have gone the opposite way which is a 2 minute walk from the Hotel. Must recommend the Laundry shop across the road from the Hotel , ` Happy ` cleaners. Hotel laundry was very expensive so we did a couple of trips to the ladies at Happy cleaners. 10lb bag of washing for 4 quid. Great value ! Hotel is a short walk away from most locations , eg Nathon Road for Shops , Star Ferry , Avenue of the stars , etc etc. MTR Station as mentioned round the corner and so cheap and easy to use. Well we did get lost a few times but soon got used to it. Mongkok Market was two stops away. Think this is probably the best Market we visited. Other Touristy things we did during the 6 day trip was a trip up to the Peak Summit , the Cable car Ride at Ngong Ping MTR Station was near the Citygate Outlet shops Star Ferry and a trip on the Bus to Stanley Market. Thoroughly enjoyed all these trips especially recommend the Cable Car ride. The views over Hong Kong and the Airport were absolutely fantastic .

stayed at the Panorama last week 13/11/08 - group of seven of us , four rooms doubles/twins .

we had a good deal for this hotel via the site opodo. It is very central and convenient in Kowloon , clean and new. We booked a room in the higher floors 28th with harbour view and it is definitively worth the extra money .

i booked this hotel through Expedia , and having only seen online pictures , was a bit nervous on arrival. These nerves were not dissipated by the fact the taxi driver had trouble finding the hotel , and dropped me off on a backstreet of TST..however as soon as I walked into the lobby I was impressed .

very nice place , great staff , the only thing that i did n't like were the prices for drinks , snacks out of the refrigerator in the room , $ 5- $ 6 for a can of pop ? and wireless , $ 10 an hour for wireless $ 15 a day ? Took away from an otherwise great place. Would be 5 stars had not for that .

i will definitely come back to this hotel. It is a new hotel ! The entrance to the MRT is 40 meters away and there are several great restaurants near the hotel Spring deer is just across the street from the hotel .I stayed in a standard room which is a little bit bigger than your avarage Hong-Kong hotel. They have big bathrooms and the nicest bed , softest pillow and softest sheets ! ! ! ! ! ! The staff were very helpful too !

we were in HK for a 3-night stopover en route from Taipei to London and chose the Panorama based on its location and price , and what an excellent choice it proved to be !

the stay in the hotel was something i would like to share with all the people who are considering this as an option for thier next stay in the region . the room we took was on the gold floor got it upgarded from a slver room that comes with the package , the price of upgradation didnt include all the basic top ups a hotel which is five star would give for the guests staying in such a category of room .

such a lovely hotel ! After having a rough ride on the ferry from Macau - still dizzy and tired , the Hotel Panorama was a great relaxing experience upon entering the hotel. Check-in was easy , delivery of our luggage to our room was also fast. I requested for a corner room with a harbor view and they fulfilled what I requested. The room was so clean , beds were so comfy , pillows , comforters were so soft , bedroom slippers were so plush and even the towels were so thick and soft. The interiors of the room was nicely done in the modern minimalist look. Surprise of all was the iPod dock in the room !

we had missed our flight out of hong kong and we did not know where we should overnight--with a baby ! the concierge service in the hong kong airport recommended this hotel. tired and very very exasperated we did not have very high expectations. however our spirits rose upon arrival to a very prompt and courteous reception. the room had plush plush carpet. the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in ! the attention to detail made the stay very pleasurable. i highly recommend this hotel. the only drawback was that our room smelled of smoke. we were told that it was a non-smoking room. should we ever go back to hong kong we would stay at this hotel .

my partner and I stayed here for four nights. We booked the hotel over the hotel website and paid at the same time .

i chose this hotel because it was competitively priced,considering it had harbour views and appeared to be in a location. I was very pleased with my choice. This was my first trip to Hong Kong and as I was on my own I wanted a decent place to stay. The hotel was in a great location , down a quiet side street but only a couple of minutes walk to Nathan Road and just seconds away from the MTR. The harbour front and Star Ferry were within walking distance , as was the Harbour City mall. I booked a Superior Gold room on the hotel 's own website but was upgraded to a room on the 29th floor Platinum room on arrival. My room was spacious , very clean , modern and contemporary , with a large corner window from which I had great views over the harbour to the Island and the Peak. The bathroom was lovely with a separate bath and shower - only minor complaint was the very small bath - ok for me , but if my husband had been there he would have struggled ! In room amenities were good - robe , slippers , kettle etc. Avoid the mini bar - I had a packet of Lays chips only to find they cost 35 HKD which is about 2 pound 50p ! I bought the same chips in the supermarket for 4 HKD ! Room service was pricey but the food and service were good. The fine dining restaurant on the 38th floor looked particularly nice - shame I did n't get chance to try it out ! Staff at the hotel were all very pleasant , the guys on the concierge desk in particular were always very helpful and attentive and sorted out my travel bookings efficiently. For a mid priced , contemporary hotel in a good location in TST , with great views , you really ca n't go wrong with this hotel .

stayed for a cool 5 days 4 Nights between 26th Sept 2008 to 30th Sept 2008 .

we stayed at the hotel fr 8 Sep 08 to 11 Sep 08 and were very happy with stay in this hotel. When check in on 8 Sep 08 , the counter staff , Jenny , was very helpful with my request. The service is very good. Hotel room very clean. Thank you very much , Panorama Hong Kong .

new

my partner and I just came back from a 8 days stay at hotel panorama 's Deluxe Platinum room .

my partner and I stayed at this hotel from 1-4 August 2008 .

i have stayed in probably 20 different hotels in Hong Kong. The Panorama by Rhombus is definitely one of the top 3. I got a great promotional rate as the building was still partly under construction , just under $ 100USD/nt. We were also upgraded to a Club Room which had incredible views of the Hong Kong skyline and was quite spacious by Hong Kong standards. The room was very modern , with iPod docking station not iPhone compatible though , the obligatory flat-panel TV , soft bed , and a beautiful bathroom that faced the harbor. Other amenities include a rooftop area with ping pong table for great evening views and a good location in east Tsim Sha Tui. Service was fast and courteous as well. Would definitely recommend .

stayed here for 3nights , took a deluxe gold room. We were given a room on the 28th floor , the view of the harbour was nice except that there were some old buildings in front of the harbour that kinda ruin the overall view. Room was pretty small , but gorgeous with mirrors around which makes the room seems bigger. Bed was very very comfortable , we love it. Bathroom is anyway , averagely small. We had complimentary breakfast during our stay there , on the 38th floor , Santa Lucia restaurant , breakfast was pretty good , offering both western and chinese cuisine. We were able to enjoy a better view of the harbour during breakfast on the 38th floor. The last night of our stay there , we were given some cookies and milk before bed , did not try them though as we were exhausted from the day. This hotel is very close to the Tsim Sha Tsui station Tsuen Wan line , about 2mins walk , which makes the transportation very easy for us. Would definitely stay here again. We do recommend to reserve your room on the high floors gold floor and above if you would prefer to have a nice harbour view during your stay

we stayed for 3 nights and we loved it. it 's not located along the main road but you can walk to nathan road or canton road for serious shopping. our room was really nice and spacious , compared to the other hong kong hotels that we viewed. the sockets in the rooms are 3-pronged but housekeeping can provide adaptors if you need to plug your laptop or celfone. you can go up to the sky garden to watch the Symphony of Lights at 8pm or smoke or play table tennis or practice a little and i mean a little putting. the staff was always pleasant and very helpful though not all can speak fluent english .

good location. Excelent rooms , very clean bathrooms. Excelent choice for Hong Kong

we stayed for 9 nights in Panorama Hotel in June 2008. We paid ¬ £ 64 per night for a ROH room booked through wired.com ; slight problems when checking in as booking had not been transmitted to hotel correctly and our request for a double bed had not been made. Reception said they would upgrade us because we were staying &quot ; for such a long time&quot ; and also to accommodate the requirement for a double bed. We ended up on a Gold standard floor in room 2303. Room was not overly large , but then again this is Hong Kong and for ¬ £ 64 a night was a bargain. The view over the harbour was excellent from the room ; better still from the roof gardens and the restaurant on the 40th and 38th floor respectively. Hotel is spotlessly clean , bed/pillows/quilt were comfortable , Bathroom was like the Tardis ! - small and shower only but clever design and mirrors made it seem much larger than it really was , and it was perfecltly adequate. Plenty of storage , decent hairdryer and toiletries supplied .

during our corporate outing we stayed in this rather new hotel. Very beautiful view from our rooms. Although the small space the hotel was very comfortable to stay in. Staff very friendly. Breakfast was a delight. It is very near to the MTR station with lots of shops and restaurants around the block. Definitely would recommend to others who would like to visit Hong Kong .

we check in at 5pm but with no rooms available and had to wait till 6 + pm till they managed to provide us an upgrade which was a common practice across the industry so nothing excellent to comment but front desk staff Eileen 's attitude was terrible on both check in and check out occasions .

hotel Panorama was highly recommended by my Agent , at first I was hesitant to try it since I want a hotel that I already knew , it turned out I made the right choice in trying out the hotel. Panorama is the best hotel I ever stayed in Hongkong , good location , bigger rooms , bigger beds and excellent staff. Though the bathroom is not that big , its still reasonably size for Hongkong standard. I also gave them a thumbs up when they took time to send me a thank you letter because I filled up their comment card. Hope they continue keeping up to their high standards. Just a minor comment , do n't forget to refill or replace the toiletries daily , on our last night some of them were not refilled / replaced .

excellent location in Tsim Sha Tsui and central for getting everywhere by MTR .

we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in March. The hotel is in a fantastic location , 2 mins from the subway and a few mins walk to the various shops etc. Nathan Rd is about 15 mins walk .

stayed her in December 2007 , just after Christmas &amp ; the property was in its soft opening phase. The location is great beside a Metro station on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong. The entire property including the 25th floor roof terrace is constructed with the highest quality materials and although it has the look of an office Tower Block , when you arrive into your bedroom , you will not be dissappointed with the technology , the facilities or the view. The Hotel has limited restaurant &amp ; bar space , but all of Hong Kong is on the doorstep with all the amazing variety of restaurants &amp ; food products you would expect. The location is excellent &amp ; is just a 2 minute walk from the world famous Peninsula Hotel. Give this Hotel a few more months &amp ; this will be thee place to stay on this side of the River !

we stayed 3 nights at the Hotel Panorama. This is a brand new hotel , the location is excellent and is located across a mini-square from Kowloon Shangri-La , with the subway station a few steps away. As with other reviewers , it takes a while to actually walk underground to get to the actual subway cars , but it is better to walk underground where it is airconditioned , than above ground where it is not. Some of our friends told us to stay on the Kowloon side , but next time , I would prefer to stay on the HK Island side .

hotel Panorama was nothing like any of the hotels I have ever stayed in - and my husband and I do out fair share of 5 star hotels &amp ; restaurants !

as a frequent guest of the Holiday Inn Golden Mile , I noticed that Rhombus opened another hotel , this time in TST , HKG. I have stayed at the LKF by Rhombus and found it a great experience. So this time , I choose the Panorama , over my usual choice of the HI as it is just a stonethrow and convenient to the office of our business partner in TST .

we stayed for 3 days/2nights to attend a trade fair. Upon check in , we were given a room on the smoking floor we were not advised about this . Since we did n't smoke , we asked to be transfered since the room smelled of cigarette smoke. We were transferred to a room with an awful smell like somebody threw up and it became worse the longer you stayed. We were given a room spray that did not help much. We had to sleep in that room since the hotel said that it was fully booked. The following morning , we talked to the manager and was told the matter would be resolved. When we returned to our room at night , the smell was worse. We asked to be transferred and we were transferred to a room on a higher floor. However , the mini bar refrigerator did n't work. The next day , we talked to the manager and asked for a refund or some arrangement to compensate for what happened during our stay. The manager REFUSED saying the hotel addressed the situation by giving us a room on a higher floor supposedly an upgrade but perhaps it was the only available room at that time. The hotel seems not to have adequate quality controls. We felt that the hotel was indifferent to our feelings and is definitely not guest-friendly .

very nice hotel , beautifully appointed. Linens were particularly nice. Staff very nice and helpful. Room was a bit small and looked out on an alley. Also , we booked specifically because they had an exercise room and internet access. However , the exercise room has not yet been built , and internet access is not available at the TripAdvisor rate .

booked a premium platinum room with club privleges. Room was fantastic with a great view of Victoria Harbour. Staff very helpful and in room check in is a nice touch .

we were a big group of 15 people and stayed in silver and gold rooms for 4 nights 5 days 14 Nov - 18 Nov. I must say that the staff were very kind and helpful ! Every question we had they were able to answer right away , they seemed knowledgeable and easy to communicate with , despite the accent hurdle that we usually experience in HK. The hotel had a modern feel to it , rooms were just the right size and the double beds were big. The corner rooms had bayviews in the bathroom and was very relaxing. Housekeeping went the extra mile and would organize our rooms in the morning , not just cleaning up ! Every night turn down service was excellent as well. Location wise it is near nathan road and walking distance to Ocean Terminal. Beside the hotel street is also an MTR entrance ! Overall it was a great experience and we would definitely like to come back. I just regret not being able to save pictures of the rooms before my camera memory stick went crazy :

i stayed at Hotel Panorama for 3 nights during their &quot ; soft opening&quot ; .

