i had a friend book this hotel for me - from a Chinese language web site. We were just there for the one night on a visa run for the Children , as the Chinese visa in HK is far easier , cheaper and more fun !

describe the service you experienced

i stayed here for one night in September 2008. The hotel is very modern and clean. The room was very nice and I had a great view of the harbour. The bathroom was huge !

i stayed at this hotel in July 2009 and originally i only booked it as my office is directly across the road. The staff were really helpful at check in and i was really surprised at my room - it was huge , with a massive and extremely clean bathroom. The best part was the windows that look out to the harbour and is lovely to look at the lights at night. The staff were really helpful ; for example - i discovered the taxi drivers do n't really speak english and so the concierge wrote everywhere i wanted to go in chinese for me. I travelled to Macoa for a few days at the end of my trip and they held my extra bag for me until i returned for my pick up to the airport - free of charge. Overall , it was a great hotel to stay at...i couldnt complain about anything...and i would be happy to stay there for my next trip .

we recently stayed at the Nikko for seven nights , and we were very pleasantly surprised. On checkin , we asked for an upgrade , and were immediately given a room on the 12th floor at no additional charge. The room was n't overly large , but perfect for what we wanted. The bathroom is very big and contains a separate shower and bathtub , all in marble. The room remained cool even when we were gone , so it was nice to return to after a hot day walking around the city. The hotel staff was extremely courteous , and we took advantage of the free shuttle service into TST , which was a nice perk. We also took the internet deal , which was $ 250 HK for the week. Despite the previous reviews of this hotel , we are glad we stayed there and would highly recommend it to friends , The price was so affordable , and well worth it. Also , we recommend you try the Sky Bar on the 15th floor. The drinks and food there were very good , and the view is perfect for seeing the light show. We thought it much better than the Felix Bar at the Penisula , which is highly overrated. So , our overall advice is , have no worries if you choose to stay at the Nikko !

just recently stayed at the Nikko hotel &amp ; overall I was nicely impressed , my room was a harbour view room with a king size bed .

i stayed in the hotel in late May 2009 based on the reviews made by previous guests. I am very pleased with my choice as the hotel was excellent. I managed to grab a promotion deal that meant if we stayed two nights there was another free so we got three nights for the price of two. This was in the Deluxe double harbour view room and this worked out at about 75 pounds a night. When we arrived they tried to upgrade us to an Executive room which offered a slightly bigger room with breakfast and free internet and use of their executive lounge amongst a few other things for 500 HKD per day but we decided not to and pleased we did not as the room we eventually got was great. Very spacious with superb harbour views along with a large bathroom with seperate shower cubicle. Although the room was a little dated it was more than made up by its size and view. There was free fruit and water too which is always nice. It is very well situated with great links to shopping and ferry terminal which is useful if you need to get over the island which you will need to do if you want to go site seeing .

found this hotel pretty much as described by other guests - very clean , quiet , nice size rooms etc. A couple of other positives - hotel is right on the water so you can go for great walks / jogs along the harbour. The hotel also has a terrific bar on the 15th floor - with fabulous views over the harbour 2 for 1 drinks at Happy Hour . There was water and fresh fruit in the room everyday and I was given a coupon for 20 % off at all restaurants when I did n't require clean sheets after the first night part of their green program . On the negative - The beds are very firm a little too firm for me , they charge for internet in rooms $ 250HK for one week and for all telephone calls .

this hotel is awful. The bathroom was big but wasn ¬ ¥ t clean .

spent 4 nights 20 to 24 April for a trade show on the Hong Kong side. Based on a special offer , I was able to stay on a Nikko floor 14th floor . Therefore , I can not compare it to the other rooms. Some of the extras included : free WiFi in my room and access to Nikko lounge on the 14th floor , and free contiental breakfest .

well treated. Free courtesy bus to give you any connections required. We travelled with a toddler and felt it was very much a 4 star hotel. Not right in the centre but only 5 minute walk into it !

huge , comfortable rooms , everything late 70 's style but very clean , bar on top with great view over the bay , staff could improve... Overal recommendable

nikko Hotel is in Kowloon , near to the harbour. You need to walk a bit to get to the main shopping district of Tsim Sha Tsui and you need to cross the harbour to get to Hong Kong Island proper .

i spent 2 night at Nikko Hotel this month 9/14-16 . I needed to stop in HK on my way to vietnam fir a couple days . I usually try to stay in TST area .

we stayed in the Nikko for one night after we finished a Far East cruise. Check in was quick and efficient. We were up-graded to the executive floor but were told we could n't use the facilities , ie. , the free bar on the executive floor . The room was of a good size with a lovely bathroom with a great shower and lovely deep bath. Also a flat screen TV. We did not have a great view but for one night this was n't a problem .

good hotel in kowloon

the hotel is good , but the breackfast is made for Asian people , the only thing that I coul eat was eggs , there wasn ¬ ¥ t cheese , and more occidental things , only red beans roll , congee , etc

i stayed at the Nikko hotel for two nights while on business. Their function rooms are bad , overlooking the habour and food served was alright. We had lunch at their restaurant - buffet style - and the place as packed. Food was good , but not spectacular. The rooms are average. In my opinion , quite spacious for HK standards - especially the bathroom. Most hotels in HK would not carry both a bath and a shower , this one had both. However , their mirrors were not well placed the small mirrors that turn out and not enough closet space. Their TV is so small , I had to sit closer to the TV on the bed - could do with about 5&quot ; bigger - TV is n't in proportion to the rest of the furniture in the room. Internet is not free. Their rooms are overpriced considering their location and decor which needs an upgrade . I was disappointed to find that the busboy expected a tip. There are better hotels in the surrounding area - Kowloon Shangri-la etc. Hotel Nikko is a rip off mainly catered to Japanese tourists .

an average hotel regarding International standards. Prices too high. I found out that Caucasians and Japanese are paying a hefty upcharge ! I have checked out immediately after one night and moved to the Royal Pacific Hotel. Here I got value for my money !

i arrived late at the Nikko after a long overseas flight from the US - it was pretty easy to get to after arriving. I had a Nikko level room which was quite nice. As this is a Japanese-owned hotel , I had forgotten how rock hard the beds can be in Asia usually the US-based or European hotels have softer beds . After the first night , I figured out how to use the pillows to make a softer experience. The Nikko lounge upstairs was quite good , but the breakfast could be taken in the restaurant as well same western stuff but the restaurant also had eggs . I used the workout room which was a little small , but as long as you get there early , it is fine. The hotel is reasonably convenient in terms of access to the rest of the island not too far from KCR/MTR or the buses . I also made a call to a free phone number and that did n't get charged seems they fixed that policy and access to the internet free throughout my stay 6 days was very convenient for early morning emails to catch US colleagues before they left for the night

the hotel is clean and service good. Rooms are small , espcially by 4 star standards. Stayed on the Nikko Floor and was suppose to get free local calls ; dialed 800 number and got charged $ HK30 or about $ 4.00 per call. They told me 800 numbers do n't count as local calls. Also charged $ HK330 or about $ 45 US for two glasses of wine for my wife at the lounge. she was in town on a different trip . Exchange rate for money at desk is about 6 % lower than what you 'll get on the street so go to Nathan Rd to exchange your money. Broadband access at Nikko Lounge only means the signal ; they charge to use their computers. OK hotel , definitely not 4 star. Stay next door at the Intercontinental for a much nice experience and same great location .

on two occasions I was asked if I was interested in a massage * while walking to my room after a night in town. This is unacceptable , and I did n't feel I was taken seriously when mentioning this when checking out .

my wife and I have stayed at the Nikko hotel during the Chinese new year of 2007. The hotel location is great , it is very close to the Avenue of Stars. we had an harbor view room which costs a bit more than a regular room , but the view at night is worth it , just be sure to ask for a room with a full view to the harbor , some rooms have partial view. The service was great , the only issue is that not all of the hotel staff masters English , but you always find a way to explain yourself eventually. The rooms in the hotel are clean , the bathroom is huge and has both a shower and a bathtub. The hotel is a bit pricy but it worth the price , I will visit again .

my 13 year old daughter and I stayed at the Nikko Hotel in Hong Kong for 5 nights. During that time , on 3 different occasions , she and/or I were walked in on by housekeeping. First a &quot ; man in a suit&quot ; walked in on my daughter while she was alone in the room. Next , a housekeeper walked in on both of us without waiting even 15 seconds after knocking. Third time was with me in the bathroom doorway just after a shower. A housekeeper walked in on me and obviously got a vision that will haunt her for the rest of her life ! I complained to the hotel manager s who said they would take care of it , but they obviously didnt .

my wife and I stayed 4 nights at the Nikko Hotel in June 2007. Everything was great. The room was good sized , clean , and the staff was very helpful and friendly. English was spoken by everyone. Getting to and from the airport is a breeze with the Airport Express train and the free shuttle bus from the train station to the hotel. The only issue we encountered was due to some renovations being done on our floor at the time that we were there , the workers had used some sort of chemical during the day , so when we returned that night , our room had a lingering smell of something comparable to paint thinner. We contacted the front desk and they gave us a different room on a different floor with no hassle .

stayed at the Nikko last week , following a week at the Conrad HK. Booked a harbor view Nikko floor room for 2 adults and 1 child. Room was confirmed with rate and when we checked in were forced to sign document changing the rate by an extra 600 hkd for our daughter. They claimed that they gave us a larger room not true to accommodate cot. We showed them our confirmation from them and they would not budge. We signed as the Dragon Boat races were that weekend and we could not find another hotel to stay at as they were all sold out for the weekend. During our stay we found the beds to be terribly hard , the rooms dated and the breakfast mediocre at best. The rooftop pool was closed several times due to threat of thunderstorm , even though the sky was blue and sun was shining. We often wondered , with other guests , which weather channel they were watching. When pool open , there is no shade and only 2 umbrellas , 1 which the 2 lifeguards sit under. The staff at the Nikko is quite inflexible/indifferent and should truly remember who exactly is paying the bill. We will go back to the Conrad next time .

this hotel is asking for 5 star prices and should only be rated 3 stars. Overall , the hotel needs renovations. The rooms are quite dated and the carpets definitely need to be changed. We stayed on the 3rd floor facing the street , so it got a little noisy from time to time. By HK standards , this place is just OK. Do n't bother getting the breakfast buffet rate unless you want to eat the same thing every day. You 're in HK , which means there 's so much to eat here ! By the 3rd day , we were tired of the same selection , but still felt obligated to eat there because we had paid extra for it I believe it was $ 175 HKD per person . Quite a walking distance to MTR , but close to the train that takes you to Shenzhen which is a must for shopaholics ! When you are there , make sure you try dim sum at the &quot ; Laurel&quot ; restaurant upstairs at the mall and get a massage at one of the many luxury spas you can go to the bottom floor of the mall and catch a shuttle , but make sure you have a mandarin speaking person with you !

the service was exemplary. The staff were polite and very helpful. The rooms were spacious and very clean. The restaurants were excellent , particularly Les Celebrites although one had to eat a little earlier than we preferred , since it closed at 9 : 30 and Toh Lee. The location was ideal for access to Nathan Road and the Star Ferry about 15 minutes walk and there were many good shops and restaurants in the immediate vicinity. We preferred this location to the Marc Polo Hong Kong , where we had stayed in earlier , as it was a much more pleasant area for walking around and was a little less frantic than Harbour City. We would have no hesitation in returning to this hotel .

i stayed at the Hotel Nikko a total of 3 nights in Feb 2007. I booked the hotel using Expedia the reservation confirmed by Expedia but the payments were made at the hotel .

we are a family of 4 Americans and booked 2 rooms for 4 nights at the Hotel Nikko Hong Kong in Feb. 2007. Overall the stay was OK. The location is in Kowloon , where a lot of the action is and has rooms facing the harbor. Service was very good and accommodating gave us an extra cot at no charge for one room .

just like Hong Kong itself , this hotel is a bit of &quot ; the modern&quot ; mixed in with some frustrating details. Basically , it is a business and group tour hotel which manages successfully to retain a sort of personalized touch. We stayed there twice in December -- and in January -- for a total of five nights. The personal touch was exemplified by the dining room on Christmas day : when we expressed some doubt about eating lobster , crab , and so on ; they rushed around and got us turkey , cranberries , dressing , etc. This was while the dining room was overwhelmed with customers ! Unbelievable service ! What more could one ask ? On the other hand , the hotel seems to want to offer individual guests all kinds of deals -- and one is escorted to the fourteenth floor to hear about &quot ; special offers&quot ; when all one wants is to go to one 's room. The room seems to be overwhelmed with technology -- requiring virtually an engineering degree to figure out things like light switches , draperies , and so on. The harbour view is of container docks to a great extent , but at night the distant skyline is certainly worth the price .

rather than staying on Hong Kong island as I normally would booked into for this trip in Nov 2006 as I was attending a conference in the hotel , and then extended over the weekend .

i have stayed at the Nikko many times over the years , but lately been tempted away by other hotels such as the Shangri La. I had occasion to visit Hong Kong during a trade fair which meant my 1st choice hotels were all full. I went back to the Nikko and was pleasantly surprised. I stayed in a Nikko Floor room with Harbour view. The room was newly refurished and was very comfortable. The bathroom too had been overhauled. The Nikko floor lounge provides excellent service and amenities. The breakfast selection was good as was the selection at cocktail hour. The food in the restaurants was great. I would recommend this Hotel as a cheaper alternative to the well known 5 star hotels on Kowloon and as a much better alternative to the tourist hotels on offer. The location in Mody Road means you are not far from the buzz of Kowloon and very near the best walk along the habour front overlooking the lights of Hong Kong Island .

we stayed at the Nikko for 7 nights , rm 1441. Upgraded on arrival to the Nikko Floor. We bought the extra upgrade that allowed us to use the Nikko Lounge which has spectacular views of the Harbour and Hong Kong Island. Free champagne , Sushi , dim sum etc from 6pm onwards and free snacks all day. The bedroom was very spacious , ample space , and extremely large bathroom. The beds were very comfortable , absolutely no complaints. Location is great for all attractions with only a short ride on the underground and the area is great for walking , providing its not to humid. The breakfast was amazing , with a varied menu to include Western , Japanese and Chinese items. We did spend at least an hour over breakfast every morning , definitely a good start to the day. There is ample choice of restaurants and bars in the area. Definitely will stay here again , if I can afford it .

was at Nikko 3 days from Dec , 24- 27 and my stay here was fantastic .

we stayed at the Nikko in October 2006 on the first stage of a seven week round the world trip. At check in we bought an upgrade to the Nikko club , including full breakfasts and use of the Nikko lounge. This was located on the 14th floor with great harbour views , and outstandingly helpful staf who made all our restaurant reservations , reconfirmed our flights etc.. Complementary snacks , ice creams , pots of tea and coffee were inclued at all times ; and premium drinks , including champagne , from 6.00 to 9.00pm .

stayed a the Nikko hotel for 3 nights again after 7 years. Hotel is still okay but in my opinion , too tailored for the Japanese tourists. I think it needs a little bit of update. One thing I disliked was that the rooms have no possibility to open windows to air the room , something I ca n't understand. Rooms a lttle smallish but typical of HG where square meters are not cheap. The Nikko Executive Plant at the top has excellent views of the HK harbour. Service of the employees is all right but could be better for a 5 star hotel .

on arrival , staff did ask us if we wanted to upgrade at extra cost. This would have included an upgraded room , buffet breakfast and use of special lounge. We declined and were not in the slightest bit disappointed with our standard room , it was very clean and comfortable .

i stayed for 6 nights this November. I had a room on the 15th floor with a partial view of the Harbour and my rate was a ‚ Ä ú business package ‚ Ä ù that included the business lounge where you are served free soft drinks and cocktails and hors d ‚ Ä ô oeuvres at various times of the day. Also included were buffet breakfast in the 1st floor dining room or a much lighter continental breakfast in the afore mentioned lounge , free wireless internet access in both the room and lounge , free access to the health club and to the pool on the roof which is spectacular and discounts on laundry , room service and purchases within the hotel. At $ HK1550 a night , this package was a great deal and worth every penny. The service was without fault very efficient and instant and the quality of the food at breakfast superior and quite varied. I in fact tried several of the other restaurants within the hotel and all were outstanding especially Toh Lee for Cantonese cuisine . The room and bathroom amenities were excellent with bathrobes and slippers , a plasma TV screen , cable TV with many channels , a mini bar fridge that could accommodate extra stuff if you wanted , complimentary water , tea and coffee ingredients , an electric kettle , a safe , electronic window drapes , a large bathroom with separate shower stall and bathtub. There wasn ‚ Ä ô t anything that I could thinks of that I missed. Room service was excellent and very quick .

have stayed at this hotel before and as previously ,it did n't disappoint , rooms are clean , bathrooms good and contrary to a previous review it is in a good location , being just a few minutes walk to the Star Ferry and MTR. Fitness facilities are fine and I have always found the staff here to be particularly helpful .

it just occur to me that I should share my experience with fellow online hotel shoppers even though my experience with this hotel was almost a year ago .

for the price of this hotel and the prime location , it is incredibly good value. My fiance and I got the Harbour view room and it was incredible. It had all the mod cons in it.. electric curtain rail ! ! ! Decorated in a beautiful modern oriental style and incredibly spacious unlike a lot of hotels in Hong Kong .

unlike Intercontinental Hong Kong or Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong , this is not a five-star hotel. However , we love this hotel because of its reasonable room rate. You can find 1000HKD roughly 120USD standard room throughout the year .

this was an overnight stop on the way from London to Brisbane. On previous trips we had stayed in the New World Renaissance and the Langham Place ; the Nikko seemed newer , the room more spacious and the price lower. The Nikko is in Tsim Sha Tsui East , only slightly further from the Star ferry than the New World Renaissance , a 5 minute walk to the Avenue of Stars , and near MTR and KTR stations. There is a bridge across the busy road to get to the harbour promenade. There are a few shops and malls close by actually there are few places in HK that don ‚ Ä ô t have a mall close by ! .

hotel is ok , a bit far from the main attractions. Check-in was not good , they kept me for 15min. trying to sell me a room upgrade and then had to change room 3 times until they gave me the room I had booked they tried to put me into worse ones... . Probably to expensive for the area , if you stay in Kowloon and do n't want to pay for being close to the Star Ferry terminal you might aswell go to the Harbour Plaza hotel , 3 minutes from the Nikko , better standards and is about 1/3 cheaper .

hotel is fine , nothing special , staff are friendly enough though not very flexible. Food is &quot ; OK&quot ; but not to a very high standard. Have stayed there a couple of times but will look for an alternative next time I visit Hong Kong .

i have been to Hong kong at the end of july staying at NIKKO hotel Hong kong with my family. It was an excellent experience with a large family of 12 to stay in together , the staff was cool and extremely helpful &amp ; they were much caring of my small kids as there nuns. The rooms was large enough to fit myself with my 2 small kids. The good thing is that , that all underground train stations are very nearby. all in all I hereby suggest for families to really check this hotel before checking in another .

