we stayed here on Dec 15 for our anniversary on the way back from Manila enroute to going home in the states. We got there after 2pm. We took a taxi from central station. Costs $ 48 because we had 3 pieces of luggage. Otherwise it would have cost $ 33. A good 10 minute ride. The hotel is in the western district and away from tourist spots which can be a plus if you want to experience the real Hong Kong .

i found the service at Hotel Jen faultless from check in to check out .

we stayed at Hotel Jen in Oct this yr for 6 nights. We had a Jen Harbor View room , the view was excellent. The rooms were okay , but considering this is HK we do n't have much to complain about considering the price. There are separate shower and toilet cubicles which was great. The room was well furnished,I would say max utility of the space , the closets were quite big .

my first time staying at this hotel. I personally like hotel generally , the rooms are spacious for HK standard i was upgraded to a Jen Room , modern in feel and appearance , plasma TV but limited TV channels/cable . What i found unusual was the bathroom appears to be located directly as soon as you walk into the room , there is a bathroom sink located in the hallway although the seperate stand up shower and cubicle for the toilet next to it is very nice. The problem to me was that the bathroom sink kept clogging up and water could not flow through causing overflow whenever i 'm washing up at the sink. This happened a few times and i had to call for hotel help to attend to it. Hotel services otherwise was generally average , i found the front office staff a little bit on the cold and unwelcoming/unfriendly side , not much smiles there. The restaurant where i had breakfast daily is pleasant , although service again was not too great , the staff appears to be disengaged and unwelcoming and lacks warmth and interaction with the guests. I did not like the fact that they seem to be in a hurry to turn over the restaurant for lunch although it was still within the breakfast hours , items from the buffet was not replenished , the self service coffee machine was removed more than half hour before breakfast ends and i had to ask the staff for it , generally they were focus on clearing out the breakfast as early as they can was my impression. Location of the hotel was another downside , there is nothing much to see and do in this are , not walking distance to any MTR - you would do best to get on the shuttle that leaves about hourly very punctual departure on the dot to get to Admiralty or HK station/IFC mall.If you are going to Macau , the hotel is very close to the ferry terminal and the shuttle takes you there. Generally it was a good stay despite some of the setbacks and service levels and i would certainly consider staying here again if i can get a very good rate .

this is my first trip to HK with family. Got to know this hotel via AsiaTravel.com within my budget and read some reviews in Tripadvisor. Then booked a std room for 4 nights via hotel website HKD 468 + + . After staying , glad that I made the right choice. The room is clean , comfortable and modern-looking. Not very spacious but good enough for us. For the price that we paid , it is definitely worth it in HK. Unlike other 4-star hotel , this one does n't have grand lobby/reception. I guess we do n't need one anyway .

we had pre booked tours and when we arrived at the hotel. Our tour guides had called and asked for us to call them when we arrived to the hotel. The desk gave us the numbers and said to call from our rooms. They DID NOT tell us that local calls are not free and every charge you make they charge you .

a great hotel , in a fascinating part of HK. I stayed in a &quot ; Jen Room&quot ; which had a view of the harbor and also gave me access to the Sky Lounge , where we could have complimentary drinks between 6 and 8 each night , which was a great way to start your evening .

great value for the money : although the rooms were small , they were spotless ; at pool was impecably clean ; great breakfast and &quot ; happy hour&quot ; drinks and sushi- included in the already low price ! great place to stay , although not as convenient to the train , but a great place to explore the &quot ; chinese&quot ; hong kong ; we walked and walked from the hotel to the city center several times , it takes about 20 min to reach temple/hollywood road/mid-level escalators ; overall , we loved the hotel , but i would not recommend if you want to see hong kong during a short stay ; you might be better off in central/tim sha tsui .

its away from the hustle and bustle of Kowloon and thats its USP rather than its drag. The location is awesome , specially if you are lucky like me to be on the 27th floor with a harbour view room. The rooms and the hotel overall is made afresh and hence is modern in its outlook. The rooms are small as is expected in Hong Kong , but things are well organised. The one thing that could be added is latches to the bathrooms .

hotel Jen is located just a few kms from Central. I was cautious of booking this hotel because some reviews described it as out of the way. But we found there were trams and buses arriving every few minutes within a block of the hotel. I love the trams because you can watch Hong Kong cruise by from up top while you rattle slowly along .

lovely modern hotel , a little way out on HK Island but only a 1 min walk to the nearest tram which will wizz you straight into the centre for a matter of a few pence and of course there is the free courtesy bus .

this hotel is faultless. Great service in a great location. Within walking distance of the tram but less convenient to the metro it was in an engrossing part of town easily accessible to the rest of the island. As for the service , we were checked into our rooms immediately even though we arrived early. The rooms are clean and make efficient use of space. I will definitely be staying here again and would strongly recommend it to anyone visiting Hong Kong .

this was our second visit to the Hotel Jen and we are going back for a third. Yes it is a bit out of the way but stay here and you get an authentic Hong Kong experience not just the touristy stuff , The tram is 4minutes walk away and is a bargain .

while the room is clean , the bathroom is old and the water pressure is extremely poor. The walls are thin , and I could hear the elevators every morning even though my room is the furthest from the elevators. There are large groups of tour that stay in the hotel , which means I get woken up very early in the morning when people leave for their tours early in the morning. I would not recommend staying at this hotel despite the cheap deal .

fantastic Hotel. Cheap , clean , great service ! In the Western District of Hong Kong. Soem rooms with impressive seaview and cityview .

the hotel interiors are crisp , trendy and modern. This is an advantage especially if you booked the lower floors viewing other high rises , HK being a modern concrete jungle keeping its old world charms.The rooms are small similar to HK standard hotels but the rooms are intelligently and compactly designed. Flat screen TV , DVD player , modern bath and toilet. Great bed , comfy sheets. Wifi is free depending on the hotel package. Small rooftop pool , Gym is merely for compliance. There 's a free internet at the 2nd floor lobby. Breakfast is not bad but nothing special. Food were fresh and presented well .

i had a 20 hour layover in hong Kong on my way to and from Cambodia. I spent one night each way in Hotel Jen. Hotel Jen has a classy , chic , decor and an impressive breakfast buffet. The rooms are sufficient and clean. The beds are very comfortable. The weather was cloudy but warm so I spent some quality time in the pool on the rooftop .

i had booked Hotel Jen via an internet booking company for our recent stay in Hong Kong. The price was good and the hotel reviews looked positive so we were looking forward to our stay. However , when we arrived at the hotel tired after travelling all night we were informed by the front desk receptionist that they had not received payment for our booking from the internet company and tried to make us sign an agreement so that they could charge our credit card their walk in rate if the problem with the internet company could not be cleared up. Needless to say , we were less than happy about this and did not want to pay the ridiculous walk in rates after getting a good deal in the internet. The two ladies at the front desk suggested we try to contact the internet company to try to solve the issue with them but when we asked to use the computers at the lobby they said &quot ; those are for hotel guests only&quot ; ! So we were left with the option of leaving our luggage there and trying to find an internet cafe nearby in an area we had never been to tired and in desperate need of a shower I should add. We just smiled and politely declined as we had already decided we would not stay somewhere with such poor service and instead took the tram to Central , found an internet cafe and made reservations elsewhere .

i just stayed there a few nights ago. The actual hotel is small but very nicely decorated .

this was an unexpected find. Cheap by UK standards , but absolutely first class , with excellent service , food etc. Pay extra for a harbour view - it 's worth it ! And upgrade to a Jen Room and get free drinks at happy hour , private Jen Guest lounge on 26th floor , later breakfast , mini bar allowance etc etc. It 's a bit further out than most hotels but there 's a free shuttle bus and the trams are a very short walk away .

location :

i will only echo the excellent reviews already posted for this hotel. Highly recommended... No MTR stop yet although two are under construction within a minute of the hotel but the tram HK $ 20 flat fare which is far more interesting stops nearby and will have you in Central in 10 minutes or so .

i booked our ten day stay in HK much earlier in the year and worked my way through a lot of hotels recommended by TA before settling on the Jen pronounced Yen Hotel in Western District. It was an excellent decision and the hotel proved to be one of the most welcoming and comfortable we have ever stayed in .

after reading some good reviews about this property I think I was expecting a little too much.Let me start with the room which had a different lay out because the wash basin is in the room and on your right when you enter had never seen anything like that not that it was a problem just different , the room Jen room itself is big enough,the TV was a good size and the view of the harbour was uninterupted and looked very nice specially during the night.It is a little far away from the MTR you can take the tram to get to where you want but that again takes longer to get to any place if you return late at night then the only option is a taxi from the closest MTR station which will set you back about 25 HKD/trip.The most disappointing bit was the breakfast at the Sky lounge it would frequently run out and you have to wait for some time for staff to replenish the food there was only one attendant ofcourse the single reception staff they have two receptions-one on the first floor and one on the 27th floor would help when more people were eating.The scrambled eggs were 'runny ' and had no flavour plus choice of fruits were limited to three and again would finish quickly.The staff attitude was inconsistent some of them were always happy to help but some did'nt seem to happy if I asked many questions again maybe I am wrong but it just felt that way .Having a 7/11 and a mcdonalds next door does help but the hotel is a little away from most touristy places but if you are looking at a quieter place to stay then this is good the shuttle service is good and always on time,it takes you to the most important stops and you can start your tours from there. The A10 bus service from the airport takes you literally right till the hotel 's doorstep so another plus there.Overall an average hotel and I would probably use them again if the proce was as good .

my husband and I stayed at Hotel Jen twice during our visits to Hong Kong. We thought the room we had was pretty nice , especially considering how expensive rooms in HK are and that we got this for a pretty good rate $ 700 HKD/nt . Rooms are really tiny , but they all are in HK. Everything else was nice , very clean and comfortable. We are not big swimmers , but spent some time at the rooftop pool for the view and just because it was a really neat idea !

booked through the Agoda website for $ 50 US a night. Great view of the harbor , I was on the 27th floor. As many have said in previous review this property is a little far from the MTR , however the Tram takes you to the MTR for 2HKD and it is a fun ride , kind of old school. The room was nice , not large but not as small as some have said. The free breakfast was nice and the mini bar credit is a cool idea. Not sure about the internet , I just used my iPod from some of the local bars .

we stayed here as a treat at the end of our backpacking China trip. We were not disappointed. The rooms were modern and comfortable , the staff were really friendly and the extra touches really set this place apart .

if you 're looking for a hotel on the island , this is the one ! Although not in the city the hotel is located in the western district which is mainly residential the hotel offers all the amenities of a five star city hotel. Only one block from the Island tram line , park 'n shop , McDonalds and Watsons all across the street , and the price , UNbeatable !

our tour group of 13 stayed at the Hotel Jen in September , this hotel is on the HK Island side of the city. We were lucky and had a Jen room with a view of the bay and a little larger room than our other friends , the rooms were fine , clean and modern furniture , restaurant was great for breakfast. They have a free shuttle several times a day to the Train Terminal , Start Ferry , Stanley Market. Great Value .

i stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in September and it 's my first time travelling alone. the hotel is really nice and cozy... clean and modern deco. It 's a real bargain i paid HKD850 per nite for the room with habour view &amp ; breakfast.. the room is well-maintained with good amenities not the usual tiny HK hotel ... totally enjoyed the stay.. .

this is a few you can find in Hong Kong... low budget with quality ~ I stayed in the standard room... Althought the room is a little bit small but the layout and style is great ~ with this price I can not believe I can have the startard like this... specially the ice-making machine located at every 3-4 floors.. .

very nice hotel but the nearest subway station is 30 minutes far away worlking. There 's a shuttle bus very useful and efficient but you 'll understand how to take it once you 're already in the hotel .

had a short trip to Hongkong .

this was such a nice hotel to stay at. With a McDonalds across the street , 7-Eleven only steps away and a Wellcome and Watsons down the street food and necessities were so easy to get at .

what a hotel experience. First of all , I don â € ™ t usually give 5 stars to a hotel that doesn â € ™ t have a wide selection of services available restaurants , bars , big and beautiful pool areas , but I had to make an exception with hotel Jen. Everything went perfectly from check in to check out which both were handled in a few minutes .

hotel Jen is a very nice hotel in a fantastic area. I was attending a conference at the University of Hong Kong. This hotel is probably one of the closest hotels to HKU but is still a bit of a walk up a steep hill , however there is an escalator which removes all of the climbing ! ! - out of the entrance turn left and at the first side street turn left again. At the end of this street you will see the escalator ahead of you , just follow the escalators up to the top , the university is just over the main road .

i stayed here for a short break with the family in may 2009. the hotel is a little further out than most hotels in thhis area but is within 5 mins walk of the tram which is incredibly cheap and easy to use just pay your 20p when you get off . There is a rooftop swimming pool here with some nice views of the harbour. We had a harbour view room which was small but modern design and clean with interconnecting doors which is handy for a family .

hotel Jen runs a shuttle bust to Hong Kong Central , the ferries , etc on an hourly basis. It is just 7 a minute shuttle ride from the main ferry building. Beatiful decor , comfortable beds and pillows the best ! , and lovely roof-top pool. The restaurant is expensive , but just a few minutes along the road is a wonderful Japanese restaurant , as well as a small superrete where you can buy your own fruit breakfast for the next day. Cheap wines $ 10 or so also available at this supermarket. We could not recommend this hotel more highly on a value for money basis .

recently refurbished , previously a Novotel. Very nice if slightly compact room. Pay a small supplement for a &quot ; Jen Room&quot ; on upper floors with Harbour view - well worth it. Good service/ breakfasts etc especially from SkyLounge at top which you get if in a Jen room. Location is in Western District , near &quot ; Cat Street&quot ; . Very authentic Chinese area. Only downside is a 30 minute walk to nearest MTR station. Hotel does run hourly shuttle bus but stops at 7pm. However cabs are cheap - a HKD35 ride to Star Ferry pier .

hotel Jen itself is a nice and modern building located in the Western district and I feel that the hotel 's location is its biggest &quot ; negative&quot ; point. I would like to point out that we did not find it a big problem , however , it will take you a while to familiarise yourself with the area and how to get the most out of it. First of all , the hotel provides you with a free shuttle and they will even fax/e-mail the pick up schedule to you , however , beware that this will be of very little use to you unless you manage to stand at the exact intended pick up point at the time of collection ! For the first few nights of our stay we chose Lanatu island and then moved into Honk Kong and Hotel Jen. We decided to take a free shuttle from outside the Central Ferry terminal , the pick up schedule that was conveniently faxed to us the day before advised to wait outside terminal 7. So we arrived and waited by a bus stop what seemed to be directly outside the terminal 7 only to see the hotel 's bus to cruise past us ! So I had to phone the hotel directly to make sure that the next time the bus actually stops. Consequently , 45 min later the bus re-appeared again and stopped on the corner of a bus stop located between terminals 6 and 7. The extremely unwelcoming bus driver proclaimed that was the designated pick up spot no idea how we were supposed to know this and what I actually realised was that if the bus driver does not see anyone standing on the precise pick up spot of each location he does not even stop to see if any potential clients would emerge from somewhere - completely bizzare ! Needles to say , we did not bother with the shuttle bus anymore and instead explored the public transport options. We found the trams to be the most convenient form of transportation from the hotel , the tram stops are located just around the corner on Des Veux road and all trams take you to the central and back , the ride only costs $ 2 ! The hotel itself is very clean , modern and convenient with very efficient room service so I can not really fault them on anything. Again , interestingly , upon our arrival we were told by the reeptionist that they 'd ran out of double rooms that we 'd booked two months prior and , therefore , she offered a twin room instead. However , when when my partner and I said that this was unacceptable to us and , especially , after I 'd suggested that in my opinion the only option was for the hotel to upgrade us to a Jen level for example we had an ordinary room a double room had , as if by magic , been found ! Another thing that I found quite strange is the unavailability of the Internet - unless you are staying on Jen level there is n't even one public computer that you can use , so unles you are willing to pay $ 50 an hour for the Internet you 're not going to get any ! So these are just little obsrvations that I 've made , apart from that we enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Jen !

the room was good-sized with a window seat to look out to the harbor and watch the boats go by. Had all the needed hotel amenities with a nice large flat-screen TV. Comfortable beds and good climate control. The vanity and shower area were weird as this is where you enter the room. There is no privacy when getting out of the shower , which is OK if you are a couple or solo , but not so comfortable if you are traveling with a friend .

i was afraid to stay there when the travel agency told me it 's quite far from the central but this hotel looked great so my friend and I decided to stay here .

although the hotel is located quite far from the nearest MTR station of Sheung Wan on Hong Kong Island , it is just a few minutes walk to the tramlines that can take you to the MTR station , or to the main parts of the island. The best part about the tram rides is the affordability at a flat fee of HKD2 per person , and it offers a splendid way to view the city , from the very localised western district where the hotel was located , morphing into a more modern commercialised area in Central to the bustling shopping district of Causeway Bay .

booked thru trailfinders for a 2 night stopover en route to New Zealand from UK. Booked double standard room at Â £ 154 for the two nights. On arrival we were upgraded - not sure why but they were very busy in the hotel lobby. 19th floor room was excellent. Clean , bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was well equipped. Good flat screen Samsung TV but not set up properly - picture was dubious - but that did n't matter too much for us .

we agree with the positive reviews for Hotel Jen. Hotel Jen was an interesting mix - the hotel itself was clean , modern and had all that we needed for a short holiday stay. Its location was in the Western District which was more a local area and so a little distance away from the MTR stations .

we are a firm of architects and were on a study tour of Hong Kong buildings. Our team consisted of 8 people and we stayed at Hotel Jen. Our experience at Hotel Jen was a pleasant one from beginning to end. Ivan and Joyce of management and their staff did all that they could do to ensure that we had an enjoyable stay. 3 of our rooms were upgraded from the mountain view to the harbour view which was amazing . The hotel is modern and comfortable. We liked the Sky Lounge on the 28th floor with its spectalular views where we had our breakfasts in the mornings and cocktail drinks in the evening. On the last day of our stay we booked out at 10am but were only due to be collected by bus for transfer to the airport at 8pm. Hotel Jen management were very accommodating to us in that they allowed us the use of a room to shower and freshen up before leaving on the bus for the airport. Thanks to all at Hotel Jen for the wonderful stay - we hope to return and visit you again. Mare Malan , South Africa

this is actually my third stay within a period of three months. I must say that they have consistently kept up to the high standards since my first stay in January. Each and every staff member is helpful and polite. The front desk staff and conceirge are always ready to provide assistance .

my husband and I stayed at the Jen for one night , I wanted to stay at the Wesley Hotel in Admiralty but he was keen to stay at Jen after reading the reviews on tripadviser , we booked at a standard room with double bed through a local travel agent when we checked in all the queen size bed rooms were gone so they gave us two options : have a twin bed room or pay extra and upgrade to mountain view or harbour view room with sky lounge facilities , so we booked a mountain view room the room was small but its HK , breakfast was not bad , in terms of location its a little out of the way but you can make use of the hotel shuttle or take tram or taxi to get around. Make sure you have the chinese address of the hotel as not all taxi drivers know this hotel .

i have used Trip Advisor many times in the past for planning trips throughout Europe , North America and Asia , but had not joined or offered my own comments until now. However I was so impressed by my recent stay at the Hotel Jen Hong Kong with my partner that I was moved to join and write this review .

we really had mixed feelings about this hotel. It was clean and the rooms were pleasant enough but there were a few areas that we were not so happy with .

my girlfriend and I stayed at JEN Hotel for Valentines and we were very happy with our stay. I was concerned that the hotel was not close to the MTR , however the tram link was quite close. The hotel also has its own bus that can drop you off at key points in the city. The room we stayed in was not huge , but it was very clean and had a great view over the harbour. The staff were always polite and helpful. I would not hesitate to stay here again .

we stayed at the Hotel Jen for the Christmas week- we got a great price as part of a package with the flights at Lastminute.com. Transport-wise- there are free hotel buses into town which were very useful- you can get to the Metro that way , and then to the airport on the Metro , or vice versa. The tramline runs very very close to the hotel , so that was handy. It 's not near a Metro station itself , though .

the Hotel Jen is at the western end of Hong Kong island but with a 2 HK $ 20p tram service in the next road and cheap taxis always at the ready , the fact you are not in the centre of everything is no real problem. We booked a Jen room which means you get something a little larger than the typical minimalist HK hotel size and a little extra for a bay view is well worth it. Breakfast was included and we also had use of the top 28th floor sky lounge which has fantastic views and where we could have breakfast if we wanted. Our package included some free add-ons cocktails in the evening and a mini bar plus laundry allowance which made the extra we paid excellent value for money. And , there was no charge for using their internet connection with their PCs. What a delight !

such a good surprise in the HK hotel scene , where a good bedroom can costs easily more than 300 Euros... At hotel Jen , i 've had a good deal for 900 HKD per night which is around 85 Euros and i 've been very satisfied .

different people value different aspects of a hotel when they travel , so I â € ™ ll just list what I liked and what I didn â € ™ t. Then you can see whether there â € ™ s stuff that will bug you out , or stuff that you just simply don â € ™ t care about so this will be a great hotel for you .

i stayed at the Hotel Jen while in Hong Kong to attend a family wedding. We booked a Jen room and were greeted with amazing views of the harbour each morning. We really enjoyed the location of the property as there were many shops and restaurants within walking distance. Housekeeping was sometimes slow in getting our room made up , and the beds were a little hard as they usually are in Asia , but we had a great stay during our time there. My only real complaint would be the toiletries that were provided - they made you smell like your junior high janitor. So , if you 're thinking about booking a stay here , do it. You wo n't be disappointed with the array of &quot ; daily life&quot ; activities surrounding the hotel. Just make sure to bring your own soap and shampoo .

was given a very good rate hence decided to give the hotel a try. Initially concerned about the location as there 's no MTR station within sight , but alas my fears were unfounded ! Hotel Jen is located in a smashing neighbourhood full of local eateries and McD and KFC and even a wet market nearby ! Best of all , its only 10 mins by bus to Central for everything posh and luxurious !

we stay at Hotel Jen for 2 nights in November as the last stop of your honeymoon trip to Thailand. Check-in went smoothly , but there was no one to help us with our luggage. Not the best first impression. Our room was very small , but clean. The location was a bit inconvenient. You had to use their hotel shuttle to get to the nearest mtr station , which was about a 10min ride. Breakfast was not great. The one lone server that was working was n't very friendly. They were constantly short on food and the server did n't bring out more food unless you asked him to. We expected better service considering the price we paid. We 've had better service at hotels that cost much less. Needless to say , customer service is not a high priority at this hotel .

situated in western district , I felt like a local getting to and from the hotel. using the very dependable tram system and clockwork like mtr sheung wan closest station I found it an enjoyable trip to and fom the many sights and disricts of Hong Kong. during the short walk to the tram , look out for gatherings of local elderly men playing what looked like draughts not sure what the local name is... a very nostalgic sight .

hotel Jen , a 4 star accomidation , had a great price when I was trying to save some money. Although not close to a &quot ; MRT&quot ; stop , they provide a shuttle bus to and from. When wanting to step out and see the sights , a tram is one block away and very cheap. This tram will take you to the center of Hong Kong with a view of everyone and everything. When waking up and needing breakfast , again , save some money and walk next door to McDonalds. Save your money and pass on their breakfast buffet .

if we do n't give a 5 points to this hotel , it is only because it is a little bit out of the way on the other hand , taxis are very cheap in HK . We booked a room in the higher floors so we had access to the lounge at the top of the building for the breakfast and in the evening for the free non alcoolic drink : this is very nice. The package also included free internet in the lounge and 100HK dollars mini bar extra per day a cool beer in your room while enjoying the view is a plus after a long day of touristical trekking . The harbour view option is is also worth it .

stayed for 6 nights late October - after reading other reviews went for the Jen room ... The prices seemed to fluctuate all over the place on a few websites but eventually got it for about $ 160 AUD a night . .

we stayed one night in this hotel in our recent Hong Kong visit. We took airport bus A10 for HKD48 and the bus drops you off just before the hotel. Our room â € “ a standard â € “ faces the nearby blocks of old shop building and the room size is a bit smallish. However , the room d Ã © cor is fresh and modern , in blend of white and beige colour and uses plenty of wood panel. The roof top pool looks good. The hotel is located in the Western District which is a place for ordinary HK folks. It is a short walk to the Des Vouex West road along which the HK tram runs. You pay a flat rate of HKD2 for any destination. So getting around is not a problem. The hotel also has a scheduled shuttle to Sheung Wan MTR station , ferry pier and the HK airport express station .

hotel Jen 's biggest attraction is its location. It is in amongst an older , working part of Hong Kong , which means the traveller sees a greater variety of life here compared to staying in a hotel in Central. Other reviews have covered the transport-into-Central bit , which is a positive attraction since it 's quick and cheap but interesting .

we booked our accommodation as we arrived in Hong Kong from London. We found this hotel on wotif.com and benefited from the great , last-minute rates of offer at the time. We were a family of five and booked two Jen rooms. While we did not get interconnecting rooms , the rooms were next to each other which was very helpful with kids. The rooms were very modern with great facilities , although on the slighly small side. The entire hotel had a very modern look and feel. Our deal included free wi-fi , free breakfast , free cocktails from 6-8pm each night , 100 HKD of drinks from the min-bar each day , and ~ 600 HKD for two rooms of non-alcoholic drink vouchers to use over the course of our stay in the Level 28 bar or at the ground floor cafe. Some reviews I have read comment that the hotel is isolated - I guess it depends on your perspective. True , it is in the far west of the city near Kennedy so you would n't walk to the main shops but you can catch the tram 2 HKD to anywhere one street away , the hotel shuttle bus every 30 mins during the week , or taxis 30 HKD to Central , 40 HKD up the hill to LKF . And others may appreciate that this is one of few areas still retaining many of the older and more traditional flavours of Hong Kong in terms of the surrounding buildings and the businesses .

hotel Jen is definitely reasonably priced relative to other hotels in HK , and is an attractively modern hotel with clean bright rooms. However , it needs a lot of work in the customer service department before I 'd stay there again .

as I write this , Hotel Jen is rated # 52 out of 160. It deserves a higher rank .

a change of management is clearly what this hotel needed. The refurb has worked wonders and the rooms are charming , functional and clean. The photos on the website are exactly what you get , and the views either side are great from the higher floors .

we booked Hotel Jen via Hotelopia for 10 nights. After reading reviews on the hotel , it is indeed newly renovated and is very pleasant to stay in. Our room was a standard room on the 16th floor and we did not have the free breakfast. That did n't bother us as we went to the local eateries for breakfast which is much more enticing ! Apart from the bathroom being on the smaller side , the bedroom was sufficient , clean and bright. For those who live in the UK , I would say for comparison sake -it 's much better than the Premier Travel Inn and cheaper than them too !

we stayed here for 8 nights in July and loved the hotel .

hotel Jen is a very nice , clean , modern hotel to the west of Central Hong Kong. My room was almost identical to the picture shown on this website and very comfy. Whilst you are not located too centrally , there is a free shuttle bus from the hotel to various destinations and taxis are very cheap and take about 5mins straight into the city , so this is not really much of a problem .

very clean , modern hotel. Location is a bit out of downtown , which is good or bad depending on your preference as the surrounding neighborhood is not touristy. Good , cheap massage place around the corner. Hotel restaurant is good if you 're not up for the more authentic Chinese places nearby. It 's still easy to get into the center of town on the tram--takes about 15 minutes. Rooms themselves are small , as is the norm in Hong Kong , but are very well organized and comfortable. Recommended .

the hotel is in the Western Districts out in Kennedy Town. It is a long way from the main sights and shopping so you probably need to know your way around Hong Kong before deciding to stay here. Interesting area that is yet to be destroyed by the developers. Its almost all that is left of the more traditional Hong Kong. The hotel is clean , bright , and newly refurbished with polished wooden floors in a clean minimalist style. I had a Jen room which is quite spacious by Hong Kong standards. You can see a little bit of the harbour. Jen rooms use the Sky Lounge for breakfast which consists of a few packets of cornflakes and some cartons of milk. There was not even coffee available one morning I was there. The hotel shuttle operates only every hour or hour and a half and goes to Macau ferry , Star ferry and Airport express. You more or less have to find your own way back which is usually taxi at 30 for 40 HKD a time. Overall , a good value for money stay in an out-of-the-way but interesting area .

this hotel is on the western side of HK island , on the tram / bus lines to the centre 10 mins away .

upgraded to a room with a good harbour view on arrival. Nice touch , very comfortable beds Initially booked a short stay en route to Shanghai. Severe weather scuppered the plans , staff could not have been more helpful contacting airlines and airports for updates. Our eventual 14 day stay was excellent with no complaints. Buses outside the hotel , trams 5 mins away. Free hotel mini bus service during the day to the ferries and the city centre. Would have no hesitation staying again or recommending to anyone. Dont let the &quot ; Novotel&quot ; name put you off this is a higher standard than Europe

booked the Jen Hotel in desperation as could not find a nice hotel with a good rate. On the website HK $ 538 and I paid to upgrade to harbour view room on arrival worth the HK $ 300 .

we stayed at the Jen hotel from 04/03/2008 -14/03/2008. Our room was situated on the 21st floor and had a wonderful view across the harbour,we lay in bed watching the passing ferries and turbojets heading to Macau. The hotel was formerly the Novotel Century Harborview , it has undergone a major face lift and is very modern and clean. The hotel is located on the Western part of Hong Kong island , which is the old Chinese area , it is also home to the University and many HK citizens. The people who live nearby and work in the shops are very friendly.There is a Bank of China about four doors away. A great every day restaurant Tai-Saku about 10 doors down towards the water , which was frequented by locals , we had somewhat of a celebrity status after our 4th visit...great food for very little money .

it was a great surprise to see the new modern lobby and a spotless and funky white room with a fruit plate. The only thing that was a bit of annoyance was the coldness of the bathroom tiles. I understand that there are a very few cold months per year in HK but heated floors would add a nice touch !

stayed here for 5 nights over New Year 2007/08 .

this hotel is undergoing renovation and you can hear the renovation happening in your room during the day. The entrance to the hotel has been closed for renovation also , so you need to enter through the semi-garage .

i stayed at the Harbourview for 5 days with my boyfriend. We were pleasantly suprised by the hotel , as we were expecting the worst considering how much we paid ! However , the room was clean and comfortable , we had a view over the harbour although the hotel is somewhat set back from the waterfront...do not expect panoramic views ! . There was a basket of fruit in the room and we had a free english paper every morning .

for a crowded island , this is a normal sized hotel room. Beds are not as hard as the other Accor properties in China. Location of the hotel is best reached by the tram. Avoid arriving late... poor public transport system to the hotel .

the taxi driver laughed when we said Novotel Century Harbourview his reaction was &quot ; harbourview&quot ; and then he laughed. You get a glimpse of water between the buildings in front. We arrived to find the pool was being renovated and being in this part of town there is not much else to do so it was a taxi or shuttle bus to go anywhere of interest or for good shopping. Beds were also very hard. Would find somewhere else to stay .

we are a family of 4 from New Zealand kids 11 and 9 and Go the All Blacks and stayed at the Harbourview for 5 nights in July 2007 where we had two adjoining rooms. We thought the hotel was very good and would recommend it .

stayed here 3 nights with my 2 year old daughter , got to do a bit of shopping and Disney not as bad as others make it . The hotel is located in the Western District , the best option from the airport is the train into central HK , then a taxi which cost around $ 30hk and takes around 5-10mins. The hotel does have a shuttle but runs only every 30 mins into central witha couple of stops along the way. Had breakfast 1 morning which was varied east and west cuisine , there is mcd 's and kfc less than 1 min from hotel and some other local authentic restaurants. The rooms were quite large compared to other hotels in area and very clean. Next time i would stay maybe a little closer to central or Kowloon for a different experience , but i have recommended this hotel to others and they have stayed and liked the hotel .

stayed here in the first week of June. Upon arrival into Hong Kong Airport Express station , we took a taxi that only cost us 40 a dollars to NCHV. It was apparent from the start that the area Western District was what seemed to be a working class district but this gave off the feel of real Asia , not just the postcard areas most tourists limit themselves to .

we booked this hotel on wotif.com and it was an alright deal. With this booking we were supposed to receive a complimentary fruit basket upon arrival and a free drink. The drink voucher is for a non-alcoholic drink and the fruit basket never appeared .

i just returned from a solid stay at the NCHV. Checked in on Sunday morning and room was made available within an hour. Even received an upgrade to a Harbourview room on the 26th floor , which is one of their &quot ; BIZ&quot ; floors. Room was rather small , but it did not cause a problem , as I was travelling on my own. The location of the hotel is ok , although not exceptional , as you have to take a taxi , which I did a couple of times , to get to the Star Ferry &amp ; Central. These are very cheap and set you back two pounds each way , which equals HKD 30. I would not recommend breakfast , as it is not value for money at all. Rather have a little business breakfast in their business centre , which is located on 1st floor , which is charged at HKD 28 rather than the 128 they charge you in the restaurant. Another recommendation for improvement would be the servicing of the room , which never happened before late afternoon. All in all a good experience especially when considering the small amount of HKD 460/night paid booked via their website . If you do not mind taking a 5 minute taxi ride to Central , this is certainly an acceptable place to stay .

hotel is reasonably well-appointed. Staff were helpful and polite .

as per the title the hotel it is all of those which was is not to be expected. The rooms were comfortable and well supplied with the usuals .

we have just returned from our holiday on which we spent 3 nights at this hotel. The rooms had everything you needed to have an enjoyable stay , they were clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly .

i stayed at this hotel one day. The hotel was clean and the staff was friendly. I did not find any problems with the hotel aside from the fact that it was a few minutes away from tourist areas. But the hotel did have shuttle service the transported people to the MTR subway .

we were given Room 1511 located at the corner. Room was small and we can hear ppl using the tap or toilet from other rooms. Carpet and blanket looked dirty. Shower was disappointing. The water pressure was low , water flow was inconsistent .

we have just returned from two nights at Novotel Century Harbourview. Our initial room was on the 28th floor and whilst we had an excellent view of the harbour it was a smoking room and therefore we changed to a non smoking room on the 24th floor. We were very pleased with the room - it was clean and tidy. We had a buffet breakfast and also an evening meal in the main restaurant which we thought was a reasonable standard and very good value .

this is an older hotel in the heart of Hong Kong island. It is not close to the Mass Transport System although the hotel does have a shuttle during the day .

hotel is ok

the hotel is a good deal and is located in the Western district - a little bit far away from Central , but therefore much cheaper. It can be easily reached with the old Hong Kong tramway .

we stayed in this hotel two nights and it was an awful experience .

i stayed at the hotel for 1 night on business. I picked the hotel on account of the Novotel branding which translates to me as meaning 3.5 - 4 star hotel/room/location/service and the price. True to the meaning , the hotel was good value - no fuss and efficient .

i â € ™ m airline staff and stayed at the Novotel Century Harbourview from 21st to the 24th June. The hotel was very clean and comfortable. The staff were very knowledgeable and always willing to help. Check-in/out was very smooth. We were in an executive room 22nd Floor which had a good view of the harbour between the high rise apartment blocks , although the room itself was very small. The bathroom was very nice with very good amenities .

i just returned from the Novotel century Hotel and I have to say it was excellent. it is well situated not to far from the center but not to close too. The staff are friendly the service is good , but beware paying with your credit card. i paid in advance of my booking and on booking into the hotel they have your card number i believe for security and aditional charges. personally i dont use the mini bar and eat out I am now amazed looking at my Mastercard statement that they not only charged me 211 GBP for my special offer stay , but took another 399.75 GBP on my6 arrival. As nice as this hotel is i could have stayed at a a far better again for this price. So far I have weote to there email address of info @ nchn.com.hk and they havent even taken the bother to reply. I will now fax them direct and hope they take the trouble to respond , SO BEWARE !

i stayed in this Novotel because 1- it is relatively cheap , 2 - of the brand Novotel. I was n't disappointed. The hotel has a decent lobby and reception. The room is the best feature - clean and spacious. Only one thing the shower does n't have a lot of hot water - the water was just warm enough to have a shower but not comfortably warm .

location in the Western District well away from tourist areas but hotel runs a regular shuttle bus to centre , MTR and ferries but not on Sundays. Taxis are very cheap but need to show driver on map where yhou want to go. Rooms very clean , excellent toiletries provided even toothbrush , paste and comb ! Breakfasts have plent to offer European and Asian travellers alike. High floor rooms do have harbourview. Biz bar does happy hour from 5p.m. til 8p.m. every night and you can get an excellent fish and chips very cheaply . Plenty of supermarkets nearby,l McDonalds adjacent and a KFc a few yards up the street .

great value hotel , stayed six nights with the family , whilst visiting my brother in Hong Kong , staff very helpful great location , &quot ; very chinese hong kong&quot ; , lots of local shops supermarkets right outside the door , easy to go downtown to central district via tram or bus,asked staff to empty mini bar so we could use the fridge no problem ! would stay again .

the service at this hotel is great. The staff are friendly and always happy to help. The rooms are nice and clean. A good range of facilities are available including : Internet Access , Business Suite , Bars , Gym and a roof top swimming pool with stunning views of Hong Kong island. In terms of location it is fairly far away from the city centre but the Hotel provides a free shuttle service to and from the city , so the distance is not a real big problem. Also you are conveniently located near a number of supermarkets , restaurants and shopping centres. The hotel restaurant offers breakfast , lunch and dinner at good prices and the food is delicious .

a nice , basic , clean hotel with good service. My husband &amp ; I stayed here while he was doing business. The room was paid for by his work , so I do n't know what the prices were like. The food in the hotel was average - nothing great , not terrible , however .

found the hotel to be just what was wanted - a comfortable place to spend the resting hours during a hectic visit to Hong Kong. We much preferred Hong Kong Island to Kowloon - less touristy and not so 'in your face'. Although the MTR was a 25 minute walk away , the tram was a five minute walk to the next block and this was the real hidden bonus for us. The tram was wonderful and a true taste of Hong Kong living. For 20p you can get right to the other end of the harbour and you get to see the real Hong Kong .

stayed in this hotel for two nights in January. The hotel is what you would expect from Novotel. We were upgraded to a Harbourview room which was nice and we did get a good deal from the Accor website. We chose the light breakfast option in the hotel lobby which is great if you just want pastries or toast and coffee.The only thing I could say anything negative about was the location. It 's about a 15-20 minute walk to the nearest MTR station of Sheung Wan. The tram is about a block away but we did n't bother to use it as it always looked jam-packed. A taxi from Central MTR is around $ 30 HK $ 5-6 Australian so we either took a taxi or used the hotel 's free shuttle service. If you intend to walk and use the MTR then I would stay in a more central hotel. However , if price is what guides your choice , then the Novotel is really reasonable for what you get .

