the location of the hotel was very good and within mins from Exit B2 of TsimShaTsui MTR station. Many eateries and shops nearby. We chose the hotel mainly for its location. H/v , as there were 4 of us spouse , 2 children aged 13 &amp ; 7 plus myself , we had to either take 2 rooms or the Family Room. We opted for the Family Room even though the rates were slightly more expensive than 2 twin rooms. We booked 3 nights and paid HK $ 1450 per night , total HK $ 4,350. We booked the room directly with the hotel. The Family Room has 2 Queen sized beds and 4 bathrobes &amp ; slippers were provided on top of the usual toothbrush , shower cap etc. All their Family Rooms are located on the 1st floor but we could n't hear noise from the street. The lounge with free coffee/tea and a laptop is also located on the same floor .

the Benito is a good hotel with an excellent location , you 'll end up in the very middle of Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon .

i will start with the cons , since that is what really matters. The bathroom smelled like urine and the drain in the shower was not very effective. As such , do n't count on taking a shower longer than 5 minutes. It was clear that mold was growing under the wallpaper... The bed was really hard. Honestly , if we were staying for more than one night , I would have asked to change rooms or not stayed there at all .

we stayed 3 nights at the hotel in November. Great location - just off Nathan road in Kowloon , only ~ 1min walk to the TST MTR station , &lt ; 10min walk down to the pier. Room was quite small but we 've stayed in smaller. The bathroom was a decent size and clean. Basic amenities - cable TV , internet connection , bar fridge. Found this to be great value and would definitely stay there again .

we stayed at Hotel Benito for 4-nights in December. The hotel offers basic accommodation in a great location. Rooms are relatively quiet , clean and comfortable with modern bathrooms , cable TV and fridge. The room rate was affordable at 700 HKD per night. Staff speak English and are friendly and helpful. Check-in/out was seamless .

due to the E.Asian Games , I pay an average of HKD700 per nite for a twin bedded room , it could be as low as HK $ 400-500 in low season. Room is a bit small but everything is clean including the toliet. Location is excellent , just 1 min from TST MTR station Exit B2 and 5 minutes walk from A21 airport bus station. For return to airport , the A21 airport bus stop is just opposite the main road. The lounge at first floor has a coffee making machine and 2 laptops for free internet access .

hotel was a 1-2 min walk away from B2 exit of TST MTR , convenient after a long day of sightseeing. Variety of food and shopping within walking region. However , our rooms were small we could n't open 2 luggages at the same time without compromising our walking space and was n't thoroughly cleaned. I could see dirt at some places. When we checked out , we were made to pay 100HKD for a notepad that my baby cousin drew on which could have been easily cleaned off. After we insisted that it can be rubbed off , they quickly reduced the price to 50HKD .

i just flew in back home from Hongkong after a 4D3N leisure trip with family members. All the good things mentioned about Benito Hotel is suddenly wiped out by its very dubious deposit policy. I was asked to pay a 500HKD deposit upon checkin which , the hotel frontdesk clerk said , would be paid back to me upon checkout. This never happened. After processing my card payment for the duration of our stay , I asked for the refund of my deposit fee. The clerk on duty would n't give it. I demanded that the clerk on duty when I checked in be called to clarify matters. However , Marcia was still unable to explain why I could n't get my 500HKD back even though she assured me during checkin that it will be returned to me after checkout. I will not fuss if I see that it was credited against my total hotel bill. I had to leave the hotel since I had an early morning flight to catch. I refuse to think that 's how they make money from their guests -- letting them pay their hotel bills in full and asking for a 500HKD deposit fee which they promise to return during checkout --- but will not. I wrote the Hongkong Tourism Board already on this. Let 's see how they will respond. Hotels like this give Hongkong tourism a bad name .

we booked in July through Booking.com , &amp ; used a credit card to secure the booking , with the understanding it would n't be charged until we arrived. However , a week later my credit card had to be changed due to fraudulent transactions in Asia &amp ; I notified Hotel Benito of this via email. When we arrived to check in , we were told that they had attempted to charge my credit card overnight , and it had been declined because they were using the incorrect card . They had attempted to contact us , but as I couldnt be reached , my booking had been cancelled. I would have considered this fair if a they had been charging the correct card and b they were n't trying to contact me while they knew I was in the air on a 14hr flight I had supplied my flight details . This was then followed up by a refusal to honour the original booking , and they stung us for another $ 550HKD above the original booking cost so up from $ 2250 for 3 nights , to $ 2800 for a so-called King Deluxe room , which it did not appear to be .

this hotel is the best choice if you come to HK on a budget but need an excellent location in TST. On good days you may book this hotel for more or less HKD400 per night. Free internet , large fridge , LCD TVs... the rooms are still a little spartan and the service is simple but for this price it ca n't get any better .

hotel is located off the main road so it may be difficult to find for some one not familiar with Hong Kong. It is located in a converted building judging by the layout of the rooms. However once you are out of the hotel , you are greeted by the numerous shops surrounding the hotels making it in a great position to be in. Walking to the MTR station is within minutes and accessibility to places of interest is a great plus. As I am familiar with the area where the hotel is located in , I am able to find anything I need in this location .

from the 31st of october to the 6th of November we stayed at Hotel Benito in the Deluxe Queen room .

i recently stayed at this hotel for four nights with a friend. I give the hotel five stars in each category as it meets if not exceeds what it claims to be. Note that this is not a five star hotel with restaurants , fitness rooms and swimming pool. However , for a three star hotel I can not fault it. The rooms were clean although small and I found that the bathroom was very clean and free from mold which a previous review noted. I especially liked the feature that kept the mirror from fogging up from the shower. There is a lounge area that offers free internet on the first floor which I did not come across at any other hotel during my travels in Asia. The location of the hotel was perfect... literally steps away from exit B2 at TST station and surrounded by lots of shopping and wonderful restaurants. For a price of approximately $ 100 USD per night or $ 800 HKD I do n't think that there is another hotel with a similar location that can compare. The only thing that might deter someone is that there is no restaurant in the hotel and no breakfast is offered. There is however , a small cafe directly beside the front door which opens early and has many choices for breakfast .

stayed at Benito for a week based on reviews from TripAdvisor , and was not disappointed. I got room 801 , so a single bed but the room was OK sized by HK standards , do n't expect a huge space . Everything was clean and proper , nicely updated bathroom and workspace. Internet access is wired only , but if you go to the 1st floor you can use their computers , or ask for the WiFi password i found that even on the 8th floor the signal was strong enough . Service was very friendly and prompt. Location is excellent , TST MTR station exit is literally steps away , and lots of food and shopping in the area. After all , this is Nathan Road ! !

recently returned from a 10 day stay at the Hotel Benito. Found hotel to be excellent value for the money. Location is excellent with less that a block walk to the MTR. While there is not a in house restuarant , there are numerous places to eat surrounding the hotel. Found staff to be very outgoing and helpful. Even the staff that did n't speak english went out of their way to contact a staff member that could help us. Room was clean and had several items that I did n't expect for the price bathrobe and slippers , toothbrush , razor , shaving cream etc. Bed was comfortable and the air conditioner was while a little noisy , very effiecent. The only drawback the hotel did smell a little musty when you entered. This may be caused by the air conditioning , or may just be that all of Hong Kong was moist and humid to me .

hotel Benito is a great value hotel located in the heart of Kowloon. We paid around $ 100/night for the hotel over three nights and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel and amenities. We had a king-sized bed on the eighth floor. The room had everything you 'd expect in a higher-priced hotel : complimentary toiletries , nicely-appointed decor , power adaptor helpful since we were coming from the U.S. , iron , etc. The hotel also has free internet access from its two laptops on the first floor. You get a lot for your money , which makes this hotel definitely worth it for those who are looking for a 'home base ' in Hong Kong while they see the sights. Hotel staff are extremely helpful in terms of recommending places in the area. The hotel is right near the subway MTR for getting around the city. It is also a very short walk to the ferry , which takes you either to Wan Chai or Central. The location makes it quite easy to get around to the various sights in and near Hong Kong. We were in HK for three days and got to Po Lin , Cheung Chau , Central , Wan Chai , and the airport with absolutely no problem , traveling at various times by airport express train , MTR , slow ferry , and fast ferry .

stayed for 6 nights last week .

stayed for 4days 3nights at this hotel and couldnt complain. staff were friendly , rooms were clean and big enough for HK standards , internet use at the lounge and very easy to find. A stones throw away from the MTR Tsim Sha Tsui station , you can make your way all over HK easily. Will definitely stay here again in the future .

warning : the taxes and hotel service charges are huge - almost same price of the room .

stayed for 4 nights. Our room had a black patch of mould on the ceiling which was the size of a human hand. There were also patches of black on the walls which looked like mould had been painted over but was starting to come back through. We asked for a room change and the reception did n't show any surprise when we said there was mould in the room. We also began to notice other patches in the hotel corridors and even on the doors. They gave us another room which still had patches but not so many. Do n't know if this is a common problem in Hong Kong hotels where the buildings are old .

my friend and I stayed here for 8 days , and we have no complaints about the place. They have a great lounge with two laptops for guests to use , and wireless connectivity set up in every room. It 's a min walk from the TST mtr station and the staff are really much friendlier compared to the usual snobby service you get elsewhere. It 's right next to a fantastic dimsum place as well , which we found out from a staff 's reccommendation .

after checking out the reviews here in TripAdvisor , I booked 3 nights at Hotel Benito. When I arrived , me and my wife found the hotel and our room as very clean. The room is quite small , but hey if you 're in Hong Kong , most of the time you 're out. The hotel is a stone throw 's away from an exit in Tsim Sha Tsui. Although they do n't serve breakfast , you can take out food and eat at their lounge which also has 2 laptops for free internet .

my family and I stayed at Hotel Benito from Aug1-4. A lovely experience...the hotel rooms are clean..although small but good enough for a hotel in TTS. Complimentary fruit basket was a surprise...toilets were clean. Was expecting a totally no frills hotel but Hotel Benito does have a business lounge lvl 1 with complimentary drinks , newspapers and laptop usage ! Within the rooms , shampoo , body wash , toothbrushes , razor , cotton buds...and bottles of water too. The counter staff are friendly too.. Location , it wins hands down ! If there 's a chance to be back in Hk , definitely Hotel Benito !

hotel Benito is located just 3min walk from the TST Exit D , perfect for the weary travellor. The room is 18sqm , a really small room , only big enough to open one of those bigger suitcases. But its small n cozy. The hotel staff are also v thoughtful with some of the details .

i stayed at the hotel from 19-23 July and i would recommend this to any one who is confused or having second thoughts , i had spent a lot of time deciding a hotel with little budget , and having a 6year old child with us. i was totally impressed as i walked in to the reception area , i feel they have kept the place very well , spotless , very clean. the rooms are very small , but good if you are out the whole day and want to just sleep in the night. the location is amazing , MTR station across the street , with KFC , Macdonald and Burger king round the corner. the hotel does not have in house restuarant but so many choices across the road. if i ever return i would surely use the hotel again , very clean and good for the price we paid. i would whole heartedly recommend without second thoughts. Good security and good reception staff who are over friendly. there is internet connection in the room and a lounge on first floor with unlimited coffee/tea and with laptops .

booked a twin room. Room was small but comfortable. Room was clean and well kept. Nice shower with instant warm water and good water pressure. There is no restaurant , but the hotel has a lounge where you can eat your takeaway food , enjoy a cup of coffee , watch telly or use the two laptops with internet connection. There is also wired internet connection in the room .

i ca n't believe I got three nights here for 1650HKD ! The hotel is right next to the MTR station , the staff are friendly , the rooms are almost spotless and , whilst they are rather small , there is space to open two suitcases , which is more than can be said for many more expensive places !

hotel Benito 's location is first class ! MTR is practically on its doorstep and the area is in the shopping district of Tsim Tsha Tsui itself. Rooms are clean and new thus it was a pleasant experience. Many bustling cafes , bakeries and restaurants are all nearby thus food is not a problem. I 'll be back here again !

this is a very nice boutique hotel. The rooms are quite small , but apparently this is not uncommon in Hong Kong. It 's a very clean hotel , with great location. The subway is literally less than a minutes walk from the hotel. From the subway there is good accessibilty to pretty much anywhere in HK. The hotel is located In Tsim Sha Sui , not to far from the water .

we avail the hotel through travel asia.com.We stayed for 3 days,fortunately we avail their 1 night free promo. It has good location,near to star ferry,avenue of stars,victoria harbour,near to MTR station,&amp ; near to mc donalds &amp ; kfc.If you want sovenier no need to go to night market because there are store near hotel that gives whole sale price.Staff are helpful &amp ; accomodating.Im going back to HK next year w/ my mom &amp ; sis...i will stay @ Hotel benito

stayed at the Benito Hotel for 4 days in last April. I really enjoyed the place , its location and the cleanliness of the room. There 's free wireless in your room and two computers with free internet in the first floor if you did n't bring your own. Rooms also have safe box and minifridge. Very close to the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station just half block , also a HSBC bank with ATMs just a few steps away. Walking distance to the Avenue of the Stars and Star Ferry pier .

nothing beats the location of this place as it is about 5 mins walk to Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station ! The room is VERY small as other hotels in Hong Kong ! but given the location , it is a good value ! Very good location for Muslim travellers as well as it is just opposite Kowloon mosque and there are plenty of halal restaurants around .

hotel Benito has an excellent location in the heart of TST. My room was small , quiet , clean and perfectly suitable for my needs. Broadband is free and fast. Bed was of average comfort , water pressure/temp is fine , toiletries are nothing flash. Will stay here again when the price is right. I think this hotel is worth HKD 600-650/night. When rates are higher I stay elsewhere .

i accidentially found this boutique hotel from website. After reading the earlier review , I am quite confident that this can be one of my good choice. The rate HKD 850 per night is very suitable comparing to the great location at the center of Tsim Shatsui. Tsim Shatsui MTR is just right at the corner of the hotel. Do n't worry that you will be hungry at night as there is McDonald 24 hours just opposite the hotel .

it 's no news that hotel prices are high in Hong Kong , and this place is n't dirt cheap either , but considering the circumstances , it must be really good value. You 're placed in the core of Tsim Sha Tsui , just a few steps from an MRT exit , and a short distance from the waterfront , with its view , museums , ferries , etc .

after checking out , we were informed that the little notepad in the room was missing , we insisted that we only saw a big one , then they told us we 'd be charged 100 hkd if the notepad ca n't be found and that we should go back up to the room to look for the notepad ourselves , out of disgust , i threw a 100hkd bill at them and walked away , is that good customer service or relations ? ? ?

excellent location , convenient , clean and very helpful friendly hotel staffs .

i stayed for one night in a Deluxe Single Room for HKD 750 at the Hotel Benito after a week in Guilin and Yangshuo. My flight came in late and I checked in around 11pm. It is literally a stone 's throw away from the Cameron Road exit of the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR and is closely situated to Nathan Road and a ton of food options - including Maxim 's fast food Chinese - very good , KFC and McDonalds. The hotel itself is very recently renovated , clean and provides no frills accommodations and service to its guests .

after extensive renovations , this little hotel has it all , clean , modern rooms , friendly &amp ; helpful staff , ideal location and value for money. I would n't even consider staying anywhere else next time I visit HK , and I plan on telling anyone I know to stay here. Steps from the metro , laptop &amp ; lounge use on the 1st floor , quiet rooms and overall just what we needed in HK .

i would stay here again if in kowloon again ! we chose the deluxe room because other reviews mentioned how small the rooms were. we found the size very acceptable. the bathroom is also a decent size. the room is clean and modern , and we liked the decor and furnishings .

i and my wife stayed at Hotel Benito on 23-26 Feb 09 .

we booked this hotel because it was one of the lower priced hotels we could find in Kowloon. There was some renovations going on when we stayed there , but nothing too noisy. The room was small , but that was expected in Hong Kong. The hotel is located near many shops and restaurants and is very close to a metro station. Overall this is a good choice if you have a tight budget in Hong Kong

i stayed at Hotel Benito for my Dec trip. It was just lovely. The room was clean and the bathroom was considered big. Though its a bit small , but it does not matter at all since we are always out. Most importantly , it has a very good location near to just everywhere - airport bus , train station , ferry terminal. And there are lots of shopping around. Within walking distance to lots of places. The staff were very helpful and accede to all our requests .

we were a group of 5 and we reserved the Family room. 2 Double beds , 1 single bed. It was said that the rooms could be quite small and we were expecting the worst ! But when we saw the room , It was really spacious ! The layout was very good and they did not sacrifice on other amenities like dressers and refrigerators just to cram the beds and fit it into the room. The hotel was very modern and very clean. The location of the room is also very convenient as it is the same floor of their lounge where you can have free coffee , hot chocolate , tea or fruit juices ! You can also browse the internet with their laptops for free !

benito hotel albeit boutique is very nice - clean , accessible , with courteous staff and reasonably priced , and if i get to visit hong kong again , i 'd love to stay in this hotel again .

this was a wonderful hotel. Modern , very clean , and comfortable. Service was excellent. Location is extremely convenient ; close to MTR and many restaurants , banks , etc .

brilliant Hotel. Rooms are a bit small but we didnt care , the location is brilliant and for Hong Kong the prices are very reasonable. Staff are friendly and we felt at ease for the duration of our stay. Cant ask for more really .

convenience !

this is a part of our 21 day trip to asia and we stayed in this hotel for 2 nights .

this is a great hotel. It is very modern , super clean , and less than a minute away away from Nathan Road , a taxi stand , the MTA and is easy walking distance to the Star Ferry. It does not serve food but there is a 24 hour Chinese restaurant on the next street and if you really must there is a 24 hour McDonald 's less than a minute away plus many other restaurants. It has a nice lounge with juices , hot drinks and cookies as well as two laptops connected to the internet. The rooms are clean , have internet access , flat screen TV 's and are very modern. The only negative may be the size of the bedroom. It is small , but the bathroom is good size and has a heated mirror which is a good thing to have in humid Hong Kong. We booked through asiatravel.com and paid HK $ 770 and HK $ 800 for Saturday night .

we booked the Benito through email directly through them and got a very decent rate , considering how expensive all the other hotels in HK were during our vacation .

nice botique hotel. MTR is only 20 meters away and this makes it easy to travel anywhere. I booked directly with hotel and found that cheaper. My room was small but cozy. The washroom however was a decent size and very clean. For the price and location it is an excellent choice. I speak chinese so the staff were not rude to me nor were they friendly either. Lots of shopping and eating close by and bars at night near by. TST area has it all...highend shopping and cheap stuff too. I would stay here again in a heartbeat but if you are use to north american size rooms then this is not the place for you. More suitable for couple/singles .

for tourists , the location is super convenient ! we paid $ 800/night for 7night stay,it was a fair price to pay. lots of eating places here and there. the relatively new hotel room was pretty small but since we did not plan to hangout in the room , it did n't matter. we had a clean room to rest in , take baths,etc. nothing more. the tv in our room did n't work well , we only had one working channel with poor reception. towards the end of our stay , around day 5 til we checked out,we noticed that the room has n't been cleaned as efficiently compared to the past days .

we booked this Hotel with little information so we were a little apprehensive until we got there. We were pleasantly surprised !

excellent central location .

the location was superb as far as I have. MTR is near by , less than 2mins walk , food is abundant even at night. But expect nothing more than that

hotel is newly opened in Nov &amp ; I had booked myself &amp ; my partner 7 nights from 23 - 30 Dec 07 at HKD600 per night. A great steal considering nearby hotels were as high as HKD1000 + per night .

