booked a Regency Club room via the Hyatt Gold Passport website and requested DVD player and late check-out. Within a day , an e-mail was sent to me noting the DVD player and type of bedding requested were confirmed. Upon arrival at the street-level check-in counter , I was adviced that Regency Club room guests have a dedicated counter in the Club Lounge for an exclusive check-in so a very polite member of their staff escorted me up to the 25th floor for just that .

i loved this hotel. The rooms were spacious , spotless , modern , stylish , and well appointed. I came to Hong Kong on a business trip and was a bit put off by having to stay out in the middle of nowhere , but one look at the room changed my mind. I really enjoyed the room , but the breakfasts , the fitness center , and the restaurant were all great as well. Big thumbs up !

we stayed here for two weeks with several young children while I was visiting my parents. Overall an excellent value for the money ; I 'd definitely recommend this hotel. Extended-stay suites were very spacious with beautiful views ; staff were quite helpful and friendly. Lots of nice amenities for extended-stay travelers--wonderful fitness center , heated saltwater pool with a large shallow end for kids , playground on site , free DVD selection in business center , discounts for longer-term guests on hotel services. Close proximity to MTR station makes getting to other sights in the city relatively painless , even with several children. Only downsides were higher than normal Internet fees and a hotel air circulation system that would occasionally leave unusual scents in our rooms .

stayed here for 1 night during a business trip. Booked a Mountain View King room 720HKD and used one of my upgrades to their Regency Suite King as a Diamond member .

i justed stayed at this hotel for the first time. Hotel is very nice and facilities you would expect with a Hyatt. Location is ok. Nothing in the area to do. The MTR station is right out the door .

ok this is a 5 star hotel

i have been to the city couple times before. But this hotel is really different from where I stayed. Although it is not located in the business districts , it takes only 30minutes to reach the hotel from the airport , just as convenient as those hotels on the HK island .

we stayed at the Hyatt for 24 days in total while in Hong Kong visiting relatives. When we first entered our suite we were all in awe. There was a large spacious sitting room with a kitchenette area that had every thing apart from a cooker ; a dining table and chairs ; comfy sofas and a breath-taking sea view. The two bedrooms had ample room to sleep the five of us in and the best thing was that there were plasma tvs in all the rooms so no fighting over the remote .

this hotel is simply fantastic. Got a free upgrade to the club king suite on 14th floor which was great ! ! Room was spacious and spotlessly clean. Good location , only 5 mins walk to MTR. Overall , it provides a good combination of comfort , style , convenience/location and price .

a lovely hotel , so easy to get to from the airport , and MRT to downtown Kowloon on the doorstep. Also so close to go to Shenzen , China for the day for some serious shopping. The Regency Lounge facilities were just wonderful and well worth the upgrade to include breakfast and cocktails. Swimming pool and kids club are perfect .

great hotel. friendly staff and nice location. Terrace good. Would stay again if on business .

i went with my family to Hong Kong for a week. We stayed for a week and were extremely satisfied with what we have gotten. The staff were courteous and helpful when we asked for assistance. The room was comfortable and we were pleasantly surprised the moment we checked into the room. It was spanking clean and bright .

simply put , this is an excellent brand new hotel that would easily cost you twice as much if it was more centrally located. Which is not to say it 's hard to get to : it 's right outside the University MTR station ~ 20 min from TST , just take Exit B , turn your head right and you 'll see the Hyatt sign , although the pedestrian entrance is via the car park and partly hidden by the construction site next door .

we enjoyed our 2-night stay very much. We booked a mountain view room through the Hyatt website and was upgraded to a seaview room , where the view as glorious. Cost HKD 880 per night .

hotel was still not fully opened during my stay , however , great room and courteous staff made me feel at home .

this is a super classy hotel with some of the friendliest and most helful staff I have encountered ! The rooms are very luxurious , with a range of stunning amenities , and the views are superb .

i Have staye in the hotel for 5 days for the first time in Hong kong it was very good hotel in hong kong it was very beautiful.the stay was very good and peacefull.i liked staying there.it is perfect spot to stay for holidays.staying there was veryyyy good... .

everyone is calling this new baby a five-star hotel in the making , and I have to disagree. First , it is absurdly difficult to get to the hotel on foot , and for that reason alone I would never recommend it. Nor does the hotel do very much in the way of posting signs for the benefit of pedestrians or travelers coming from the nearby MTR station. When you do finally make your way there , you find that you 're entering the building along the access lanes for the parking garage. That 's hardly a grand entrance. The whole message is &quot ; Anyone worthwhile will surely be arriving by car or taxi ; people who want to walk in off the street must be vagabonds.&quot ;

this hotel has only been open since Feb 2009 and is superb value for money with attentive but not instrusive staff. There is virtually nothing I can fault , but for some the location may be a problem. It is into the New Territories but even so just a 20min ride to downtown on the MTR that is so efficient in Hong Kong. The station is 100m from the Hotel. If you want this kind of standard in a hotel either in downtown Kowloon or the Wanchai Hong Kong area you will be paying twice the price HK $ 2000 vs 1000. Thoroughly recommend on all points .

my boyfriend and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Sha Tin prior to competing in a triathlon in the area. We arrived via the KCR and rode our bike over to the hotel. The hotel is less than 400 meters from the University train station. We typically stay in Central or Kowloon when traveling to Hong Kong , but opted for a room in the New Territories because of its proximity to the race .

we arrrived at the Hotel from the Hong Kong Airport - it is directly located at the University Station on the East Rail Line. If you do n't have too much luggage it is no problem taking the MTR but with a few suitcases it might be .

upon entrance , like all hotels in HK , a warm welcome by the door staff , which is appreciated as always , since I travel a lot , so any feeling of uneasiness does not help , and they have done well again on that .

hyatt Regency Sha Tin offers excellent facilities. Though the hotel is still in it 's soft opening , I see that the facilities to be offered would be very much competitive to other five star hotels in HK. Staff are warm and friendly. The location is quite far though for leisure trips to HK .

i was looking forward to the opening of this hotel as I was expecting its price to be low and its facilities to be nice. Indeed this hotel offers excellent value for money and its service is efficient and very quick just like in the Grand Hyatt. The restaurant is quite good and seem always crowded but the pool and spa are not open yet. The hotel is right next to the University MTR Station and it will take you about 30 minutes to go downtown. Basically it 's the perfect hotel if you 're looking for 5 star facilities with 5 star service at 3 star prices but do n't mind the location .

we stayed at the Hyatt from 4/12 to 4/14. The hotel is a new hotel

recently open if you looking for a great place to stay not so far from all the major place in town with very good travel commodities , the MTR is just a 5 minutes walking distance and you can rich the center in 20-25 minutes .

booked this via a travel agent because it was near our business stop. Pleasantly surprised to find a very new &amp ; stylish Hyatt with friendly but appropriately formal service. Bill came to $ 180 US for one night plus a breakfast charge , which seemed reasonable. Booked a standard room , but wonder if it was a Jr. Suite as it was quite large. It was very clean &amp ; had modern decor. Nice gym with new equipment incluing new loaner shoes I borrowed . As it 's brand new trip was March 2009 , they were still getting some kinks out like fuzzy TV reception , possibly too-hot sauna , pool not yet in use , not all restaurants open , construction still going on next door , guest room doors slam hard , etc. However , I 'd still stay there again. Location is not ideal to see Hong Kong proper , but the Train stop is right near the hotel , and we went into Hong Kong one afternoon/evening very easliy .

great hotel within reasonable distance of airport. rooms were fabulous and service excellent. Conceiage went above and beyond to help make stay great .

