once you get off the street and ritde the elevator to the lobby your opinion ca n't bee too great. However once you get into your room you will be imprssed with the high quality finishings and style throughout. Only beef is the bed not super soft. Note GREAT looking pool also. Always nice to stay at at BRAND NEW hotel

i stayed at the Hyatt for 7 nights and got a very good deal on the internet , approx. US $ 200 per night out the door including taxes. I was happy with my stay overall. The room was on the 17th floor. I found it to be very comfortable , clean , quiet and ok sized room for one person or a couple. The breakfast buffet was good , not great - consisting of limited selection of dim sum , congee , jap breakfast , noodles , eggs , meat , fruit , yogurt/cereal , juices , etc. Since I prepaid my room , it did not come with the free buffet. I paid US $ 29 for the breakfast buffet which I thought was expensive. I also ordered room service and they had a VERY limited menu. Room service was expensive and in my opinion the food portion/quality was not that good. Back to the size of the room , I ordered room service and the cart could not be wheeled into the room because the room hallway is so narrow , with my lugguage blocking it .

we are just completing a four-night stay at the Hyatt Tsim Sha Tsui. We will be back !

i would recommend this hotel for a businessman or a couple who rarely spends time in the hotel but needs a very nice classy room to stay in and not pay top dollars for it. The price of the room is reasonable compared to other neighbouring 5 star hotels that have same or better quality Grand Hyatt . But you must , at any cost , get a room with a view coz I viewed the other rooms in the hotel including Suits and they face other very nearby buildings and let me tell you , the view is not great at all. I loved the service , the staff were really nice and friendly. Food was OK. I took a room with a view at the club lounge level 23rd Floor . The Lounge was OK. The room had everything a businessman or couple would need including Nice Desk with Wireless and Wired Internet. And not to forget the amazing espresso machine which was really nice to be offered free of charge. The Bathroom was amazing with an open window overlooking the bedroom and overlooking the view of the harbour. Very nice at night especially if you are taking a shower and looking at the amazing view. The only not so OK thing was that you had to switch Elevators to go to the lobby level then take another elevator to the rooms floors. Oh , and there is no GYM or Pool yet as it is still under-construction , but the hotel gives you access to a nice public gym which is not a 5 star Gym but clean and you can get a decent work-out there , about 5 minutes walking distance. Some of the Hotel restaurants are not open yet , the lobby restaurant has a nice variety Buffet , so you should be ok for a meal or two. For Transportation , avoid taking Taxis if you can as traffic can be a nightmare especially during rush hour , use the Tube Metro which is right outside the hotel main entrance and it â € ™ s very easy to use as everything is mapped in English and the ticket system is super easy just touch your destination on the map and the fee will be displayed , pay it and here comes your ticket , it â € ™ s that simple. There are many shopping mall in the area and I recommend the Harbour City Mall which is 10 to 15 minutes walk from the Hotel. I have attached a video of the room and some picks to give you an idea. Enjoy your stay .

this hotel just opened in Oct. 2009 , and replaces the old Hyatt Regency that was torn down two years ago. It is more high Tech , although the entrance is not easy to find , and the lobby is on the 6th floor. The service was good , and when I checked in on my birthday , management sent up a cake .

the Hyatt Tsim Sha Tsui just opened. I stayed in a Regency Club Suite Harbour View. Magnificent view and sunrise. If you do n't want to see it keep the curtains closed. Lovely suite. Elegant marble bathroom. 5 star all the way .

we stayed for nights at the newly opened Hyatt Regency in Mody Road. The location was very convienient , with the MTR just steps outside the hotel. We visit Hongkong once a year and have been staying at different hotels but we did n't have the feeling that we would like to go back to the same hotel again. But with Hyatt Regency , the staffs made you feel welcome and they are friendly , always giving you a smile no matter if they are just holding the lift door for you .

stayed during the official grand opening of the hotel for 5 days. First , the good :

the new hyatt regency TST just opened a couple of days before my stay. It 's facilities are ok but nothing impressive compared to other hyatts in Asia or other nearby hotels. Its price is reasonable and location convenient but the hotel was really poorly designed : the car entrance is on level -3 , the lobby is on level 3 and the street entrance for walk-in guests is so small that you may not find it at all. So far the hotel is lacking a gym , business center , bar and only offered a choice of 1 buffet restaurant. Furthermore the shopping mall on which the hotel stands is not open yet. If you consider staying in TST for the same price I 'd recommend the langham instead for now .

we decided to try this newly opened property. Having stayed in most of the 4 + hotels in Hong Kong ; this one was attractively priced and conveniently located. The 4 + Star rating by TravelAdvisor is on the high side..First , an important aspect to any highly rate property is the ease and convenience of gaining access. We were diriven from the airport to the hotel by Hyatt 's car 680 HKD . We were desposited 3 stories underground , then taken by elevator to the 3rd floor where the lobby is located. Not an impressive start. In order to get to the street level from your room , you need to reach the lobby and take another elevator the 3 floors down to street level ! One 's initial impression of a property is its Lobby. Not here. You feel like you 've come to a YMCA. There are just two bench style seats in the entire lobby. Enough room for about 8 people ! The rest of the space is left void of anything , save a few plants. I 'm not an architect , but the design seems outrageously stupid. Clearly , they chose to locate the lobby on another floor so that street level space could be devoted to Retail. The rooms are adequate in size for Hong Kong ; but not any larger than a Super 8 in the States. All the bascis one would expect of a 4 start hotel are here , so there is nothing unique to report .

i recently stayed at this Hyatt on a recent trip to Hong Kong. The rooms are wonderful with a comfortable bed and shower , great bath products , and a nice new TV. The internet connection work well and I loved the location. Their breakfast buffet was very good with great coffee and their breakfast rolls were the best I found in Hong Kong. The big downside for me was that the pool was closed and the gym was not complete. They have access to a gym about 15 minutes away but that gym did not open until 6 : 00 am. When I travel from the US I find myself wide awake around 4 am and I really enjoy working out during that time. Because of this , I checked out early and went to a different hotel. With all that said , I would return to this location once the gym is complete .

on arrival by taxi from the airport we were enthusistically greeted by the hyatt team who immediately opened the door of the car,handled our luggage and we were whisked to the check in desk located on another level. Already impressed by the warm greeting,we were once again make to feel very welcomed by the efficient check in staff and then personally escorted to the room by the duty manager. We headed for the lounge next and was indeed impressed that the lounge staff knew our names and we were told that we were special guests. Of course we feel honored .

this is an new hotel good decor good rooms and good staff. but some how i dont understand or like any hotel which has a lobby on the 3rd or the 2nd floor and change 2 elevators to reach to your room .it feel more like a apartment then a hotel rest every thing is ok the lobby is small and the breakfast spread is ok not good or not bad. nothing very good about the hotel i would suggest holidayinn goldenmile is better located and bigger rooms even the lobby also langham hotel is better as all these hotels TARIFF is near about the same

stayed for one night to attend a trade show .

this is a brand new hotel , having opened in early October , 2009 .

hyatt Regency TST is very similar to Hyatt Regency Shatin .

