we stayed at the Ibis for two night stopover in Hong Kong. The location is easy to access via the North Point MTR station. The room was very small even by ibis standard. The TV was located in the most unpractical position hanging over the bed , there was nothing much to watch anyway .

i have known IBIS as budget hotel , with simple facilities , but I did n't imagine such a poor thing in Hong Kong 's Ibis. The room was so small , we could n't even put our bags without obstracting our way out. There was absolutely nothing except of dinosaur 's era TV , and a old bed. Walls are so thin , that you can hear every noise from next door. They say , that there is a nice view of Hong Kong harbour from hotel room , but in fact all you see is a bus interchange station and a few ships near dirty pier. Staff has very little idea , what is English about , all they know is how to get to Disneyland. Overall , I was expecting , that it will be not something special , as we were intend not to spend more on hotel , but for THAT kind of hotel , even cheap price looks like we have been overcharged. Does n't worth , really.. .

we stayed here for bout a week , they have a nice buffet breakfast but you have to be early .

bookings com has always been great and nearly accurate on rating hotels...the reason for landing in this awful place with kids on 9 days trip to Hongkong. Rooms are TOO SMALL to breathe forget about moving ! - so what to write about bathrooms ? ? . If you are excited about HARBOUR VIEW room - as a picture on web site shows - for sure disappointment will be much more. Stinking carpets and long waiting at elevators add on to pain .

given the low prices , I was n't expecting much , and my expectations were met. The hotel has a fairly good location , just steps away from the Northpoint MTR station. A cab into Central would take around 15 minutes and be around HKD 50 , but it depends on the traffic. The most I paid in peak traffic was HKD 80 , it took around 30 minutes. Do n't expect exceptional service , or any service at all. Check in was swift , my only grouse was that I paid for a Superior Harbour View Room , but all I could see was the parking lot and bus interchange. I was on the 9th floor , the higher floors probably have a better view. The room is tiny to a fault - if I lay down spread-eagled on the floor , I could have touched all 4 walls with little effort. The furnishing is basic , they provide an electronic safe , refrigerator , electric kettle and cable TV mainly Chinese channels though . The bed was rock hard and on wheels for some reason , so everytime I turned the bed would roll a few inches .

i had stayed at Ibis Hongkong for one night before I was going to China. It was very easy to find the hotel , because it is right next to MTR , North Point , exit A. Unfortunately,when I was check in , one of staff was acting a bit rude at me , and when I asked for non smoking room , I still got the room in floor that can smoke. That was why my room has really covered with the cigarette smell. From my opinion , except for the location , this hotel just so so hotel .

my wife and I stayed for four nights at the Ibis North Point. Having stayed at several of the chain 's hotels in Germany I can say that the room here is somewhat smaller and the bathroom particularly so. The shower stall is about a meter square which means the shower curtain will cling to your butt , and we 're not big people. As for food , if you 're not intimidated by working-class eateries with chinese-only signage then you wo n't go hungry , but otherwise you 'll be dining on 7-11 fare. The good thing is the transportation ; you are steps away from the North Point MTR station , the North Point bus station direct buses to Stanley , Repulse Bay , HKG airport and about a block away from the tram. Plus , the Ibis enabled us to stay on HK Island for US $ 80/night. If I wanted to stay on HK Island again , I 'd look hard at alternatives but I can see us returning to this hotel .

well located and very affordable. breakfast is not wort it. not immaculate either but i guess it 's hong kong. would recommand with a yellow flag .

this hotel is in a fantastic location for the overseas traveller. It is the last stop for the A11 city flyer bus from the airport so you ca n't go wrong and it is two minutes from MTR station. BUT...the room was so small it was claustrophobic. We had actually paid for an upgrade and a double bed so I ca n't imagine what the normal room is like. The lifts were slow and the restaurant was pretty poor. I have stayed in many Ibis hotels all over the world but this was the smallest room I have ever been in .

the best thing about the Hotel is that it is located right next to the subway station North Point . There is also a Bus depot in front of the Hotel which has regular Direct Airport Bus service starting very early in the morning. The Hotel has a Restaurant and the breakfast served was scrumptious. Can not expect much from the Hotel in terms of service as it is sort of self service Hotel.The rooms are small which I guess is the norm across HongKong. The bed is just big enough for a average size couple .

i have stayed in Ibis this April. Could not say much about the staff , as I was not contacting them exept the check in and check out , as the reception is on the first floor , so if you need nothing from them you do not stop at the first floor , as you can catch the lift from the ground floor. Location is not central , you need around 7 stops by the Underground train , or around 30 minutes off peak by tram. Lovely harbour view. Very very small rooms usual for HK . Clean , nice hot water showers. Good value for money. Stay there if you like to travel everyday to city center or kowloon side .

i stayed here for 10 days when I arrived in Hong Kong. Overall , staff is friendly and helpful. Internet services are provided at a fee , a little pricey but convenient. Laundry services are also available but expensive. Rooms are fit only a bed and a few pieces of luggage. There are no closets or storage. TV in room , a few news channels. Safe and fridge in room. Kettle and coffee cups in room. Beds are very hard but pillows are good. The daily room cleaning service is okay but not great. For some reason they wo n't replace my used coffee cups. Nice view of Kowloon. Wake up call is not always on time .

my wife and I stay in this hotel for 10 days during December 2008. The first impression after entering the room is &quot ; tiny&quot ; . It is probably very tiny but this is HK. For HK $ 500 a night during December , this is good value in HK .

perfect hotel for single travellors , Great view form each Room. Privacy gauranteed

we booked a double room hotel through Accor hotels website for a cheap price of 350 HKD per night !

contrary to many opinions here , this IS a geat hotel to stay at in Hong Kong. You can pay HKD 250 or 300 for an even tinier room in a backpacker hotel in a grotty fire-hazard building that will probably not have any windows , or you can pay HKD 350 here for a newish , much cleaner room with a harbour view. Staff were friendly enough , the wait at the elevators was not painful , the TV tiny but in a good location over the foot-end of the bed , and the mattress was hard but I slept well. Location is excellent , steps away from the airport bus A11 and MTR only 3 stops to WanChai and with very easy booking on www.accorhotels.com. If you want a bigger room with a soft bed you WILL have to pay much more for it in this city !

stayed here with a few friends around Christmas to New Years. Was very busy. Started in a Standard view for one night but ended up booking the Harbour View room for the rest of our stay. Very budget hotel. But recommended for travellers who want a cheap rate and not too fussy about space as these rooms are tiny. The Harbourview room view made a difference to the view from the standard room an office building wall . For a budget hotel at this price , the cleanliness is OK. One of the room cleaners was actually very friendly which made our stay a bit more pleasant. It is in a really good location , just a few steps away from the Northpoint MTR station and there is some good food around the corner. I would recommend this hotel for budget travellers for example , a group of friends who are n't that fussy about where they stay as it is a really good price for Hong Kong. Oh there are a couple of restaurants in the hotel which we did n't actually get to try as there are alot of places to eat just outside the hotel .

worst place to stay with family..tinest room ever possible .

we had booked 3 nights but left after 2. The room was small , had dirty carpets , walls , the net curtains were grey,bed hard as a rock , no where to put your suit cases , no hanging space and the TV was about the size of a postage stamp. The corridor carpet was stained and worn out.There are only 2 lifts that are so small and have a habit of going straight past your floor without stopping. The staff only smile or laugh when you complain. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy let alone a stranger so be warned .

we booked three nights in the Ibis Hotel with wotif.com. One of the major problems is this 31 storey hotel has 2 tiny elevators which fit two people with suitcases comfortably. And yet how did 8 people manage to squeeze in with us ? The lobby is not at ground level and can only be accessed by the tiny elevators or by dragging your luggage up a very high flight of stairs. We only had a few days in Hong Kong , so we gave up on waiting for the elevator and dragged our suitcases up and down the stairs. When you finally get to the lobby you have to wait while bus loads of travellers are processed - and once your turn to be served arrives be prepared to defend your position .

i am normally quite fair when it comes to reviewing hotels , but I have to say that its hard to find anything good to say about this hotel other than its location is good for Hong Kong .

compared to other hotels in Hong Kong , this is amazing value. It is on the water at North Point perfectly placed for the Metro , buses the airport shuttle goes to and from the bus station opposite so no need to get a taxi from/to the airport - allow over an hour for this The rooms are titchy but if , like us , you are sightseeing and only sleeping in them , this is great. I would n't recommend these rooms for large people as you do have to shuffle around the bed - yes , they 're that small or for long stays as there is very limited wardrobe space and storage. It really is just for sleeping for a couple of nights. North Point is a much more authentic Hong Kong experience than Central or Wan Chai but is only 5 mins from them on the metro .

i was going to stay at the ibis a full 5 nights

this is most terrible place I ever stayed in Hong Kong ! ! ! The rooms are small , like a prison in which you hardly can find a place for your suitcase , the rooms are very dirty , the carpet had so much dirt that I could not even risk to put off my street shoes. Lying in the bed was not easy to forget the dirt around. Ugly ! ! The bathroom was terrible small , you hardly can Â ´ t move around yourself. Shower was small and of course you are afraid to touch the walls with any part. The breakfast was terrible. There was nearly nothing and the quality bad. Also the breakfast room was dirty and absolutely nonconfortable. The staff was not pretty friedly. The biggest problem I had was the high price for this shed ! ! Its expensive and terrible ! ! ! I was in Hong Kong several times and always stayed in nice hotels. Now I kow that just a little higher price can decide to be in a much much better hotel .

rooms are very , very small the smallest we had until now although frequent travellers - around the bed only some one meter space to move around. The bed is small for 2 people but takes the whole room ` s space. There are no closets for clothes. Carpet was very dirty ! Hotel service unfriendly and poor. The nice seaview compensates partly for the negative facts and that the regular bus No. 11A from airport has its last stop in front of the hotel .

payed Â £ 171 for 3 nights room only. Yes it was a small room on the 15 floor. Yes the carpet could do with a clean , but the bed was clean and the towels very fluffy. Ideal for transport . Next door to the undergroud , opposite the bus station and ferry and just round the corner from the tram. The breakfeast is 50hk $ not to my liking. Eveing meal was ok. No bar but one a few doors away but not a nice one. For the price it is a good hotel would stay again when in HG .

it was a nightmare :

this hotel is small , convenient and simple. There are no frills , but you get what you pay for. The MTR station is stone 's throw away , there are lots of cafes and restaurants in the area and the bus stop is across the road. The view from our room on the 27th floor was pretty good too. The room is very tiny - the smallest bathroom I have ever seen , but it is adequate , and apparently the room sizes on Hong Kong Island are small. The bed is a little hard , but we stayed at 3 hotels and all 3 had slightly hard beds , so it must be a Hong Kong thing. North Point is not a very exciting location - slightly run down but the MTR station is close by and the rest of Hong Kong is only a few minutes away .

the reviews here have got this place covered pretty well. Rooms are super small : I 'd guess the bedroom area in our room to be 2.2m x 2.2m. Yes , the bed is small and hard , pillows are flimsy and you would n't want to rely on the blanket and bedspread to get you through an arctic winter .

this is a decidedly 2 star hotel. Any source that suggests it is 3 star quality - - as many travel sites do - - is not living on the same planet as the rest of us. Given a 2 star classification , the Ibis hits all the right buttons. Rooms are small but clean , functional but barely so , location is convenient but not useful , desk staff is efficient but not overly helpful , no gym , walls are thin so lots of hallway noise , etc , etc. I experienced no problems with the Ibis but I feel I was oversold on the expected quality and I paid for 3 star lodging. Hence my low rating. If I paid for 2 star accomodation I would rate it higher .

we stayed there for one night on November 2008. We choosed smoking room and regretted it since the smells were too awfull. We did n't even dare to smoke in the room because of that. However , it appears that they locate the smoking rooms on their top three highest levels and the view to the harbour is super fantastic , especially at night .

the reviews make this hotel sound terrible .

the Hotel is on the cheap side and you get what you pay for. The room was tiny , the bed was big and hard as a rock good , it had a safe and a small fridge , and everything was clean but rundown. A fresh coat of paint and new carpets would do wonders .

you could do worse for a hotel in hong kong when on a budget .

i stayed at Ibis Hotel in HK and was n't disappointed with the room. Yes , indeed , it was small , but that was expected in HK. Rooms were not impeccable but for the price , it was good enough. The bed was a bit harder than I expected , but at the end of the day , you 'd be too tired from all the walking that you would n't have the time to mull it over. Hot water is available , so are shampoo , body wash and towels , everything else you have to get yourself. The location was good , just a few steps from an MTR entrance , roughly 20-25 mins to get to Mongkok/TST , etc .

i had read the reviews about this hotel and was expecting small rooms. I admit the rooms were compact but i was not expecting much for the low price i was paying ! i would say it was big enough for one person but not really for two. bathroom was clean and modern . It was located conveniently for the metro system , which was about 10mins maximum from the central stations. There are plenty of neighbourhood shops around to get snacks and stuff , although the main shopping is further away. It was quite easy to get a taxi or the metro from there to places of interest .

customer SERVICE SERIOUSLY ATTROCIOUS ! ! !

i arrived more than four hours before my check-in time due to an early morning flight , but the desk staff were exceptionally helpful in making up a room for me rather than keeping me waiting with my luggage , at no extra cost .

stayed there for one night with a friend. I already stayed there previously so I knew what to expect. The room was small but cozy. Basic amenities were there. Safe included. Yes , the bed took up the entire space and there was barely enough space for a suitcase but for one night or two , it was a good place to be .

hotel , previously owned by other company , however perfectly in line with IBIS philosophy : tiny roooms for reasonable price. All a/c , floors for non-smokers. Harbour view is nice to have , however , the view is not so nice to struggle for it .

the location of this hotel is good , no doubt .

it was purely a business trip. We stayed for 3 nights , and visited two exhibition halls , and went to our supplier 's demo centers. We walked a lot , thats why we appreciated the location of IBIS Hotel , just a few steps away from the MTR. Because of the major exhibits being held , the cost of the other hotels are terribly high and almost always fully booked. It was good that our supplier was able to get us accommodation at IBIS .

having read the reviews on here for the hotel , I was a bit apprehensive when I arrived .

stayed at the Ibis with my wife for 4 nights in March. We did review this hotel on trip advisor before we booked it and were aware that the rooms were very small. Therefore we were not surprised when we got there. We used this hotel because it was cheap and right next to a MTR which made it easy to get around .

my sons and I had booked two rooms at this hotel as our base for the Hong Kong sevens , we had requested twin rooms but told by the staff that they were not available. The hotel information says double/twin with queen bed if this was correct things would have been fine , what you get is a very small room with a 4ft bed no wardrobe or draws , just a little hanging rail above the safe , so you would have to live out of your suite case .

i stayed at the Hotel Ibis North Point for two nights. Having never been to Hong Kong I did n't really know where to stay. I opted for an inexpensive hotel with a worldwide brand that I thought would be fine .

the room is so small , hardly any space to walk after u 've placed your luggage. The double bed is not a queen size bed , it 's just like a super single bed around 42&quot ; . Feel so cheated. The tv is at the side of the bed , just do n't know which angle shd be comfortable for me to watch the programmes .

i just stayed here for five nights. I was worried about the location , but being 30 seconds walk to the MTR subway station , makes it extreamly well-located for all of Hong Kong. There is even a ferry across from the hotel , that goes over to Kowloon , which makes it convenient that way too .

brilliant location right above North point station , and nearby to local food markets , but the room is tiny , Hong Kong is prime real estate so you can live with it , the room was a bit dank and gloomy though due to the surrounding buildings , which I 'm sure is commonplace across the island .

i just got back from staying there 4 days. After reading the review , I was so scared but it was the only hotel that has the reasonable price during Christmas time. I did n't have to wait for check-in and check-out even the hotel was full at that time .

my wife and I stayed this small hotel for total of 5 nights and went to Shanghai after the first 2 nights. We read the reviews and did not expect too much. However , it was much more than our expectation , such as pricing was the cheapest , location was very convenient , room was clean with very nice harbour view even it was tiny , staffs was helpful , and the food quality of the only one cafe is good. We went to Shanghai by an early morning flight and had to left the baggages behind for our return. Everything could be done within 10 minutes as schedule so that we did not have to take a taxi to rush to the airport. We spent a breakfast , a afternoon tea and a dinner at the cafe and chat with our friends for hours , food was fine and the servers had never distubed us. In compare to the hotel at Shanghai , the size of the room is 4 times of Ibis , however , it was not clean , not maintained well , and the workers there were not up to the standard.. We would go back for sure and would recommend ibis to our friends .

just spent 7 nights with my husband at the Ibis , North Point. Yes , the rooms were quite small , but ours had a 4ft 6ins bed traditional british double , was cleaned every day , fresh fluffy white towels etc .

  person at the desk checking people in , around 5 people waiting. I got my room &quot ; card&quot ; , went to the room , opened the door and there was someone else in the room. Went back and got another card for an empty room this time ! Room was TINY. I have stayed in Hotels in HK for $ 20AUD more that have rooms twice as big. Carpet was filthy. Walls were dirty. Stayed on the southern side and found an open wireless connection. Hotel charges $ 30HKD for 3hrs ! That 's around $ 4AUD

stayed in this hotel cause it was near Tai Koo 2 MTR stations away , though not expecting it would be right next to the station. The location is very convenient for moving around , especially if you have 3 days octopus card , giving you unlimited rides on MTR and a return trip from/to airport .

the hotel itself is very close to the MTR and bus station. As for the area on Hong Kong Island , it is a bit farther than I wanted to stay 12 min-Central , 20 min- MongKok . The rooms are clean and small but that is really common in HK . They have a restaurant that serves western breakfast for $ 35HKD .

although the staff are friendly enough , the rooms are some of the worse I have stayed in .

i stayed in this hotel 4 weeks on July 2006 .

the room is small but so are most rooms in hong kong that are of the same class. i travelled solo so i found the room to be quite acceptable. the place was neat and the view was quite nice , overlooking the highway and water. the location was great , on the same block of north point station if you get off the right exit. it was strange that reception was on the first floor while the entrance was on the ground floor and there is no security when you enter but it is quite safe. the room may be tight with two travellers but i believe it 's worth the price .

i stayed in Ibis North Point for 3 nights in August 2007. I stayed in Ibis in Vienna and Milan and I thought that Ibis Hong Kong should be alike. But It proved to be a horrific experience for me and I would n't advise anyone to try this hotel. It should be declassified , shut down and renovated. And it is not about the size of the room given the case , it should be clearly indicated on sites but about the stains and spots which are everywhere , on the corridors carpets , on the tiles from the bathroom , on the blankets on beds etc. And if you take a look to the wall paper colour you freeze. It has various tones of grey to black. The first room I entered smelled of urine , like the closet never being washed with detergent. I had to ask for the second , which was as dirty as the previous one but without that particular smell. Unfortunately it was to late for me to change the hotel because I had already given it as meeting point to some friends. In brief , the hotel is much dirtier than words could describe it and any dollar you pay for a room there is waisted .

this is a nice clean hotel especially if you are on a tight budget .

i stayed at the hotel a short while ago. I 'm not sure what all of the negative reviews are for to be honest... some people expect to sleep in a suite when they are only paying around 450HK $ per night ! Get real ! The Ibis website does state the rooms are 'compact' .

stayed here for ten days and it was well worth it. Right on the Island line MTR Route so getting around was really easy. Oppisite ferry piers to Hung Hom &amp ; Kowloon City. Central Mtr ins about 20 minutes from here. Rooms are smallish but then space is at a premium in Hong Kong. Rooms serviced every day , fresh towels etc. Resturant in hotel is amazing , excellent food at amazing prices , highly reccomended. Next door is great Chinese resturant called &quot ; You Me You Me&quot ; try it , great food. Dont use the hotel laundry service , its a rip off. Next to hotel in the alley way is a small laundry who will do a plastic bag full of laundry in three hours for 25HKD , open from 8am to 9pm. Hotel has internet service etc. Good all round place to stay , east access into Hong Kong centre , most main tourist places only 30 mins away max .

we chose to stay here against the advice of previous reviews as the room rate was so cheap. Please do not make the same mistake. This hotel is awful , from start to finish .

this hotel is a great base for exploring Hong Kong for a few days. Our room was very small , but if you organise your baggage well , it 's not a problem. The room and bathroom were kept clean. The hotel as a whole felt clean and tidy , and yes , there were amazing views from the building. Best of all was the location - 1 minute from the MTR station , and we could get around Hong Kong very easily from there. Recommended as a base for seeing the sights .

we stayed here for a couple of nights before flying further to Bali on our honeymoon. We wanted a cheap and reasonable hotel close to the underground and basically that 's what we got. Very good value for money. We had a special deal so I was also curious what the hotel looked like : the hotel is relatively new and it has a modern style , the rooms are extremely small , but clean and from the upper levels you have a nice view to the channel and Kowloon .

we stayed three nights here in May 2007. It 's a budget hotel , but the room was very clean and the size was OK for Hong Kong - those who complain about the size of the room obviously do not visit cities like Hong Kong or New York regularly. If cost is the top priority , you may want to stay at one of many hostels in Chungking Mansion or Mirador Mansion in Kowloon , but if you are booking a double room the rates of those hostels often rivals that charged by Ibis North Point , and the latter is a MUCH better choice. Take it from someone who has stayed at both places.. .

we were very worried about this hotel after reading all the reviews. At check in the staff were very polite , the first room we were allocated was grim. But after a very brief conversation with the receptionist we were allocated a room on the 28th floor a non smoking floor - the decor was acceptable , the sheets on the bed were clean and nice fluffy towels in the bathroom , and a decent shower which always worked and always had hot water of a consistent temperature. Yes the bedooms are small - but if you move the bed against the wall for day time mode and out again at night it works really well. The room is a typical HK budget room , small but perfectly formed. The harbour view was probably the best we have ever had in HK , we have stayed tin HK four times at different hotels. Should you be sad enough to be in your room at 8 o'clock at night you can see the light show ! ! ! !

the staff are unsmiling but efficient except for Ms Bird who remembers your name and is verry efficient but a little too businesslike and not chatty.The rooms are tiny not much bigger than the bed The bathroom has great water pressure in the shower.The double beds are hard.If you can find out where they hid the electric kettle it is nice to not need room service to make a drink of tea or coffee.The phone rings off the hook when you need assistance from your room.The airport bus A11/12 $ 65hk r/t stops outside.It is next to the underground train station which is on the Wan Chai line.Try the restaurant on the second floor !

for anyone that has ever stayed in an Ibis hotel before - this one is no different. The rooms are small , the reception can be crowded then again , I was checking in just before the Rugby Sevens and is on the second floor and only two small lifts provide access the entire hotel .

i stayed at Ibis NorthPoint early March for two nights .

room is okay for 1 person. I would n't stay here if I was sharing with another... the room and the bed are just too small. Bed is way too hard for a comfortable sleep. Harbour view was great. Room could have been cleaner , especially the bathroom. Wireless internet should be free but it is not. It costs alot and was very slow. Service was very efficient but not friendly. Personally , next time I think I will pay more to stay at a better hotel .

we stayed in the Ibis North Point for two nights in January and we knew from all the other comments on the site that the room have a reputation for being small....and well yes they are ! Im not a great big bloke but with the two of us in the room it was a challenge. But for the price you pay at this place its a great deal. They know there rooms are small and they are a bed factory hotel but they use the space they do have well , if you are going to Hong Kong for a more than a few days or have lots of luggage then this is not the place for you. If you want to spend more time experiencing all there is to do in Hong Kong and just want somewhere to lay your head and have a shower then you will love this place. Its so easy to get to from the airport just step outside take the A11 airport bus and it stops right out side , the MTR subway is two seconds down the street and will take you anywhere you would need to go. I have to say I do n't know what the food and things are like in the hotel because there are just so many places to eat in the rest of the city. Hong Kong itself is excellent so much to see and do , we only spent a few days here and that was a good time frame for what we wanted to get out of the place .

the smallest room at a hotel I 've ever been !

we have just returned from spending nine nights at the IBIS Hotel in Hong Kong. The room was clean and the maid service was good. Yes the room is small and the bed is hard but my beef is that I booked a standard room with a Queen size bed. A Queen size bed is sixty inches. When we

we booked this hotel for our 2-week stay. There were 4 of us travelling and we booked 2 different hotel rooms. There is nothing good I can say about the Ibis. The reception was rude and not very helpful , there room is small although not the worst of their problems , I could 've lived with a small room , there were stains on the bedsheets , and the room smelled. According to my mother , who I travelled with , it smelled like dead rat. In reality , it really just smelled like musty wet towel that has been out for months. When asked to change rooms , they made it difficult. We eventually had to change hotels. I do not recommend this hotel for anyone. Not unless you want the worst service and the dirtiest hotel ever .

i have just returned from a 5 days 4 nights stay in Hong Kong. Stayed at IBIS Hong Kong for 4 nights and it was great ! I booked 2 rooms there were 4 of us in the trip for S $ 100 per night and it was valued for $ $ $ ! . Each of us paid abt S $ 50 only including room service and taxes. We had an excellent habour view on the non smoking floor. There are 28 storeys in all and we stayed at the 18th floor. Jus the perfect height to admire the view and provided ease of getting into the lifts. There are only 2 lifts .

maybe it was because we read the reviews here before booking the ibis north point , or maybe it was because we stayed in an even smaller room in mongkok the night before.. but it was n't that bad actually. staff were ok , room was also ok. a bit on the small side , but much larger than most of the hostels in hk which are not that cheap as well .

the location is not bad , the rooms are really small and the bed made of wood probably ! the worse point is many people tried to call me and NOONE picked up the phone ... seems there is no operator in this hotel , when I complained about it , they just replied they were probably busy .. sure in a matter of emergency better be busy doing something else ... I never seen any hotel in the world with such incompetent people ... IBIS group is a big hotel group they should be more carefull , I have sent a complain by email to the hotel and of course , never get any reply ..... Cheap hotel = cheap service or no service at all .. This is totally outreagous ! next time I would defenetly pay more and get better ...anyway it can not be worse than that !

we had to stay here because it was the only hotel in our budget price range in Hong Kong,

definitely the smallest hotel room I 've ever stayed. All bed in queen size.. no extra bed available. Good price for budget traveller. All room equipment work well. Very easy access from subway .

my husband and I stayed there in July 2005. I found this hotel on the web site. I have expected the room to be small but this was really small for a 6 foot guy and a 5&quot ; 2&quot ; woman ; thankfully we are not big. However , we found it hard to move around in this room. For the money we were paying , yes , it was good value. We were also happy with the location ; it was just a short walk to the Understand Ground. The bed was clean , shower was clean and the towels were clean. But the carpet and curtains were minging , the T.V was a 14 inch stick out from the wall , no wardrobe ; only a few hangers to hang your clothes ; we just left our clothes in our luggage , also very very tight space for 2 luggage. We did not stay in the room for long ; we only needed a clean bed to crash out ; there was so much to do in Hong Kong we did n't get in still quite late. The other good thing about this hotel is that there are a couple of restaurant just outside the hotel , which open quite early and close quite late , which is a bonus. The restaurants serve Cantonese food though , so , if you like Cantonese food , this is very convenient if you do n't then it is only a short walk to the Underground Station to get your breaky .

i stayed at the Ibis this March , i WO N'T be staying there again. The room i had was meant to be a superior but it was the size of a postage stamp , the bed was very hard and the pillows squashed completely flat when you put your head on it. There was very little storage for clothes - thank god it was only me in the room - and my suitcase had to be stored at reception because there was no space. I have stayed in the guest houses in H.K. and the rooms are around the same size , but around half the price. On the plus side , it was clean and you got a free newspaper every day

i found the check-in staff to be very friendly and helpful indeed , also very efficient .

i 'd read the negative reviews here on tripadvisor but this was the only hotel I could get into in my price range !

we still decided to stay at Ibis after the mixed reviews we 've seen on Trip Advisor. Yes , the room is really small , as most people said on the reviews. The room is clean overall. The towels are clean , bed is clean , and the room is clean. The bed is hard. Morden design interior. Free newspapers every morning. Staff is polite and helpful. There is a restaurant on the second floor of the hotel. Great price. For a full dinner set with soup , main course , desert , and tea/coffee , it ranges from HK $ 40-60 US $ 5.2-8 . Taste okay. Hotel is in a very convenient location. North Point subway station is only 2 minutes walk. Across the hotel is a big bus terminus that you can go to many places , including to the aiport for HK $ 40 US $ 5.2 . Next to the bus terminus is also a ferry station where you can take the ferry across the harbor to Kowloon Whampoa . Convenient stores are only another block away to get your water , etc .

we spent over an hour at the reception waiting for our reservation to be sorted , as they could n't find it. We then decided to cancel it and find another hotel to stay for the night , but then we were told that we would be charged anyway - so we stayed. The bedroom was tiny and the mattress so hard. it 's well located near the metro station and cheap , but i woul n't go back there ! !

