the Intercontinental Hong Kong is located in an enviable position on Victoria Harbour. The hotel is in Kowloon about 30 minutes from the airport and less than five minutes from the main shopping area and star ferry .

my husband , five year old child and I stayed at the Intercontinental for three nights. We got an much reduced room rate for a deluxe king harbour view room through shopping around on the internet but it was still pricey and the room was on the small side to hold the extra bed required for our child. The hotel 's location and harbour views are unbeatable. The pool , infinity plunge pools and health club are top notch. I thought failure to provide tea and coffee facilities in the room made the hotel a little stingy , considering the high room rate. Loved our stay though. Nice to touch the luxury for a brief time .

this Hotel is in the heart of Hong Kong City. A ideal place for transporation and sight seeing. This is the hotel from which we can watch the sympony of Lights most clearly. The Avenue of Stars is behind this hotel. There is too many big shopping malls near this hotel. It is located in a posh area and the streets are well maintainted. A destination point which is familiar to every taxi drivers. Rooms are neat and well maintained. A very good hotel .

during my first trip to Hong Kong in December 2007 I stayed for four nights at the Intercontinental Hong Kong Hotel. On arrival my partner decided to upgrade our booking to a junior suite and after seeing the room , I think that he made an excellent choice. It did cost extra , but the experience of the suite was just amazing , starting from the astonishing view of Victoria Harbour , the spacious rooms , the luxurious details that the room service staff took care of , not to mention the dining experience. The staff was just amazing from the moment we entered the hotel. The Club Intercontinental was also a welcoming and relaxing atmosphere and the fact that we came across a few Hollywood stars , who were in Hong Kong shooting a movie , made the experience even better. It is hard to choose my favourite moment from our stay , but the outdoor heated swimming pool must be my favourite. It was worth enjoying the warm water with a cold cocktail and a breathtaking sunset view .

wow   Stayed here as a treat on way back from Australia , Limo pick-up from airport , met and escorted to our room , feeling like real vip 's. Harbour view deluxe with a panoramic view to die for. Half bottle of Moet on ice in the room , some special biscuits and a big cuddly panda toy for my daughter...All check-in details done in room..Thats service , others take note. .

the reputation is well established , so we were prepared for a very nice experience. We were definitely NOT disappointed. It 's better if you know going in that you will spend some coin. A hotel of this quality , on this location that provides this level of service can not and should not be inexpensive .

my wife and I spent 7 nights at the Hong Kong InterContinental HKIC Hotel and the place certainly lived up to its reputation. We also spent 2 nights at the Conrad on Hong Kong island so we are in a position to write a more educated review .

it was a blessing came true for me. I had booked the Crowne Plaza for my Family Holiday in Paris in May-2009. As a pleasant surprise , the Hotel Chain started a Scheme where in they claimed that if you stay 2 nights in any Holiday Inn Group Hotel upto July-2009 then you get 1 night free in any of their 4000 Hotels worldwide. I was allowed to opt for this Scheme and as a result for my 6-night Stay in Paris , I was eligible for 3-night anywhere stay. I opted for Hong Kong. After goig through the Trip Advisor Reviews and other Web_material I zeroed in on Intercontinental Hong Kong as a redemption. I was not sure , if I would get it. BUT to my happiness , I was allowed redemption on this Hotel. Location wise no other Hotel can beat this Hotel. The Scheduled Check-in time was 1400 Hrs BUT my Flight was to reach at 0630. I called up the hotel 2 days before my departure from Mumbai to confirm my arrival and to inquire if they have a Cloak Room whereby I could dunp my baggage and move around and check-in later at 1400. But the reception was so comforting which I still can not believe. He Said , &quot ; Sir , you are our honoured guest. If you are arriving early , it will be our priviledge to provide you an early check-in in fact , it wa very early . Although it can not be ensured now BUT I believe that we would be able to manage that. Please do not worry and arrive with a complete peace of mind.&quot ; What more can one expect ? Such a great Comfort ? We arrived at the Hotel at 8 AM. While we were pulling out Strolleys , on alighting from the Airport Bus , the Bell Boys ran to get the same from us and from then on , the 4 days and 3 nights that we stayed , were pure luxury and love. The Lady Host Louise took us around , explained all the fine details of the Room , of the Hotel and of the Town. She was very sweet and lovely lady. She made us feel fresh and we forgot all that long and tiring flight from Mumbai-Via-Delhi .

beginning with the reception area , I began to regret deciding arranging our stay at this hotel. The check in process took quite a while , even though it was not very busy at the hotel. Although the hotel has a beautiful view of the harbor , the decor is very old and tired. That would be bad enough , but as we went up to our rooms , the hallways were dark and had an overall grimy feeling. The rooms looked out on the harbor and if that 's all you were doing , it would be fine. But to actually stay in the room and try to be comfortable was another matter. The room seemed to be very superficially serviced , so there was a dull coat of grime everywhere. The bathroom was unbelievable for a hotel that bills itself as a luxury hotel. First of all , the commode was one of those kind you find in public restrooms , very low to the ground for some reason , with the long chrome flusher which when you flushed , sounded like an airplane taking off , that loud. Worse , it had blue water--probably to save even more on the effort needed for cleaning the thing. The shower had heavy black mold growing in almost all the tile grout--I had to literally close my eyes when i showered so I would n't get sick just looking at it. Not only is this inexcusable as far as not being up to general cleaning standards , but mold like that is downright dangerous to yor health. There seemed to be an odor in the room , mustiness covered up by room deodorizer. We stayed one night then fled to another hotel. it just was n't worth staying here at all .

this hotel was the best choice we could have made for Hong Kong ! We upgraded to the Deluxe Suite with bathroom big enough to be a second house , with floor to ceiling windows that become a VIP seating for every night 's laser show from the opposite Kong Kong island ! Beautiful experience , fantastic breakfast and location superb !

how this hotel remains # 2 in popularity is beyond me. Yes , the view is incredible , so absolutely go and have a drink in the lobby bar - you 'll be glad you did .

the Intercontinental in Hong Kong is a superb hotel , I can not fault it in any way .

my husband and I came here on business for two days. The hotel has a fabulous location , within walking distance of the hustle and bustle of Nathan street , but away from it all to also be a quiet oasis. We had a car pick us up at the airport , we arrived to friendly staff , acknowledging us correctly by title and name we have different surnames , quickly getting us through check in as we were quite tired , etc. We were upgraded to a fabulous junior suite overlooking the harbor * - just like a picture postcard. We had access to the Club Intercontinental - worth every penny. Fabulous , sumptuous breakfasts , happy hour which was our dinner with incredible edibles , free internet , concierge , great views and , again , a warm and friendly staff .

i had always heard about this property and the great views of the harbor. I had also de-prioritized it because I do n't like the Kowloon side as much and the hotel itself looks a bit dated on the outside. There is also very stiff competition from other properties and Intercontinental usually does n't hold muster vs. Four Seasons , Mandarin , and the Peninsula .

when travel to Hong Kong , for the best view , while enjoying drinks , viewing the Hong Kong Harbor and the Light Show , we stay at the Kowloon Intercontinental Hotel , we love this place ! ! !

we stayed for 2 nights in a standard room facing the swimming pool with a partial view of the ocean. We were offred an upgrade to a room facing Hong Kong for HK $ 1100 per night plus taxes but we declined since we have a very active two days shopping and viisting friends. We were quite impressed with the facilities and services. We did not have any meals at the hotel , but we did had a drink in the lounge facing the Hong Kong side in the evening .

stayed here for 3 nights as first leg of our holiday to Hong Kong &amp ; Bali see reviews of The Chedi Club &amp ; The Legian .. .

we only stayed at the Intecontinental for one night due for our stopover to NZ .

went to the Steakhouse for a birthday dinner. Must admit that it was a very nice setting , with good service and a nice feel to the place. Very dissapointed with the meal though as the prices were simply exorbitant. I 've eaten in may fine restaurants in Hong Kong , including 2-star and 3-star michelin restaurants and this one really let me down , For the amount you are paying in excess of USD100 per steak I was expecting a lot better. To be honest I could have made the same steak at home. Not impressed. Salad bar looked good though... maybe I should have gone with that.&quot ;

this hotel is absolutely wonderful , and definitively the best I have ever stayed in ! Spend 3 nights in October 2009 and did not want to leave ! ! ! My room was on the 17th floor , with wonderful view of the harbour and the buildings located on Hong Kong Island. Enjoyed the light show in the lobby bar few nights in a row. Wonderful room , fantastic swimming pool area , the most dedicated employees in the world !

i stayed here for 3 nights for a holiday. I am a member of the Ambassador Club which entitles me to a one room category upgrade. When I arrived they said there was no rooms left at the one category above but they were sure I would be happy with my room .

the ICOHK is a superb property. Well-appointed rooms with an enormous ultra comfortable bed to climb into and sleep away all that jet lag , and views of the most amazing metropolitan backdrop and a harbor that never sleeps. The breakfast spread was excellent both in choice and quality. Hotel location is convenient but its harbor edge setting is gold .

this is indeed a beautiful hotel and the location is fantastic. Certainly lives up to the expectation from the room quality to the friendliness of staff and cleanliness of public areas. We stayed in a Junior Suite , located on the 10th floor with views across the harbour and to the kowloon side as well. I do n't have any complaints but I do have a suggestion - Please do n't put television sets in front of the windows. It just spoils the most incredible view. Highly rated hotel and we will certainly stay again. The staff are excellent with particular mention of Roman and Casey - both showed outstanding customer service skills and a credit to the hotel .

my husband and I stayed at 5 top rated hotels during our recent 24 day holiday and the IC Hong Kong did n't let us down. The location was great. It was walking distance the pier and most shopping on the Kowloon side and it was right next door to the Art Museum. The Club was located on the second floor , but we did not take advantage of it as it was a hefty $ 120 HK per day. The hotel houses some excellent restaurants and we sampled both Nobu and the Cantonese restaurant. We were blown away by the excellent food at the Cantonese restaurant. The regular rooms are nicely furnished , but rather small compared to other IC rooms. We are Ambassador Gold , so we were upgraded to a a higher floor facing the harbor which is a gorgeous view , but the room was not very large. The entire registration process took place in the room , which I believe is reserved for Ambassador members , and is a lovely touch. While we were presented with a gift in Singapore , we did n't receive any special touches here. However , fruit and water were available free of charge. Bath amenities were Elemis and include moisturizer , shampoo , conditioner , liquid soap and nothing else , which is surprising. We had two unfortunate situations in HK , one with a taxi and one with a store. The hotel rushed to help us in both instances. They noticed our situation with the taxi and rushed to our defense with the taxi driver without our asking. The other instance required them spending a great deal of time with us. The hotel is a large , bustling hotel , but there was so much staff , we were always personally greeted. The lobby includes a large cocktail lounge which overlooks the harbor and is great for relaxing. It is not a casual environment. We stayed at the Singapore Intercontinental , the Hilton Beijing , the Opposite House in Beijing , and the Shangri-La in Bangkok during the past 24 days. It was very different from the other hotels , but overall , I preferred the IC Singapore as it was a more relaxing and comfortable environment. It has nothing to do with the hotel service. The hotel room prices are very high for the size of the room .

we stayed here for 2 nights in October having managed to secure a very good internet deal. We 've stayed in 5 star hotels around the world and usually try to avoid big chain hotels such as this. However for 2 nights , the Intercontinental met and exceeded our expectations. We arrived after a very early flight , were surprised to be whisked straight up to our room without delay and were checked in by an amazingly friendly and efficient member of staff. Our room was lovely and had a harbour view which we were n't expecting after the cheap ish internet deal. It was more than spacious enough with a lovely bathroom complete with intriguing &quot ; bath butler&quot ; menu. We recovered from our jet lag with complimentary herbal tea while lusting after the in room Bose sound system. Of course the selling point of this hotel is its amazing location. The lobby bar with floor to ceiling windows and delicious and potent cocktails was the perfect place to while away our first evening admiring the stunning skyline .

the Intercontinenal manages to be both grand and modern at the same time. The bar / lounge has an excellent view of the Island waterfont when not obscured by the smog... . The service is polite , attentive and flawless .

when i chose the Intercontinental my main reason was the splendid view from the hotel... We booked a Harbour facing room and the views were breathtaking... I must say the view from my room was better then what i saw from Victoria peak... It was breathtaking to watch cruise ship sailing by and to watch the hong kong skyline from the room.. .

everything about this hotel is perfect - the view , the rooms , the service , the location. Stayed 5 nights - could have stayed forever. Club lounge excellent , pool excellent amazing view from room - ask for a xx16 room if getting a junior suite - as they said at check in - the best view in town

my brother and I spent a week in Macau and Hong Kong. We started out at the Holiday Inn Kowloon then moved onto the Venetian in Macau. After a good hotel and a great one , I did not expect to be wowwed but was I ever ! Stepping out of our taxi we were greated with a smile and a welcome. We did not have to wait long before checking in there was a line , but with so many people working the desk we were checked in in under 5 minutes .

we stayed at the Intercontinental for just the one night but wished it was longer. We arrived in Hong Kong at 6am and arrived at the hotel just before 7am. The check-in staff were lovely and allowed us to check in at such an early hour .

i stayed for 2 nights in September using my Priority Club Reward Points on a stopover. I turned up with my backpack into the most amazing lobby and view from the bar ; believe the hype , it is incredible and the service was some of the most efficient I have seen , the staff acknowledge you straight away for check-in , always being very courteous , which is not always the case when you are on a freebie... and turn up with a backpack looking a bit out of place... ! .

i visited this hotel at the end of last year but I have only just joined Trip Advisor and I wanted to review it as it is simply outstanding - the nearest to perfection I have ever experienced. Magnificent views , impeccable service , wonderful food , excellent facilities , spotlessly clean. Yes it is expensive - but worth every penny .

we had stayed at the Shangri La in Kuala Lumpur before we hopped over to HK for a short break. We thought the Shangri La was wonderful but we both think this place is actually better ! The views from the outdoor heated pool over HK was just so wonderful and it made one feel almost like floating over the harbour .

i have stayed at the Intercontinental Hong Kong for a total of roughly 20 nights over approximately 12 different stays and the experience has been outstanding. I have encountered issues , but they have been addressed quickly .

crazy View , Fantastic Location , You ca n't find a nicer hotel... free shoe polish nightly

there is no better place to stay when you are in hong kong. We had a corner junior suite with a wall size picture window facing the harbor. The service was impeccable from the instant the car was sent for us at the airport , greeted by aconcierge as we emerged from the car , incredibly fast check in , fresh fruit every day. Marvelous concierge service. Although it is great to eat out , the restaurants in the hotel were excellent,particularly the cantonese one. The location of the hotel is perfect. , and if your destination is not within walking distance , the cabs are reasonable and the dispatcher will tell the driver exactly we you are going , and gives you a card so that you just hand it to your return driver. I thought it was abit pricy for the very hot off season time we were there , however , it was worth every dollar .

when entering the hotel one feels one has arrived ! Sleek check-in staff whisked us to our suite overlooking Victoria Harbour. Check-in formalities were done in the room. Upgrade to Club Lounge access was offered at 90 $ US per night. Immediately after check-in was completed complimentary welcome tea was served in the room .

great hotel , perfect location , great service. Best Hamburger I have ever had .

the hotel is elegant even though it has been opened for over 20 years. I was upgraded to a sea and pool view room and the size is spacious. Staff is friendly and helpful and the subway is right front of the hotel .

much like Sydney , being in Hong Kong is all about enjoying the iconic harbor view and the InterContinental delivers it ! This is the main reason I picked this hotel and I was happy I did. The view is completely unobstructed from the lobby , the guest rooms and restaurant .

staying at Intercontinental Hong Kong is truly exceptional , from the moment you step into the hotel all the way up to your comfy bed. This hotel sits at the harbour front and commands a view that is so amazing especially at night . I dont think there is any hotel in Hong Kong that have such great view. The service is superb , the room and bath are huge and the 24hours operated gym comes in handy . I enjoyed the bathtub in my room so much that I used it twice a day ! Although the building looked slightly tired from outside , but it is completed different inside. I believed the hotel went through a reburbishement excercise recently as everything seemed so new. It was a luxurious stay , and will recommend this hotel to anyone - for business or leisure .

from the moment we arrived on our Honeymoon to the Intercontinental we were treated like royalty and totally spoiled. We were swept up to our room and checked in there by Denis the Guest Relations Manager. He knew we were on our Honeymoon and after a tiring 9 hour journey could n't have asked for a better welcome with complimentary champagne &amp ; strawberries while watching the light show from our room , what a start ! ! Everywhere you look in this beautful hotel there is an AMAZING view of the harour and Hong Kong. From our harbour view room on floor 10 , the pool and spa on the roof , the bar in the lobby... i could go on.... the restaurant.... This hotel is the most stunning location. By night you can watch the light show from the comfort of the bar or your room , by day the busy harbour is just fab to watch .

had n't booked a car but went to the Intercontinetal desk at Hong kong airport to ask for a limo. Limo arrived in 5 minutes .

i have stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel several times during business trips to Hong Kong. The hotel sits on one of the most expensive pieces of real estate in the world -- directly on Hong Kong Harbor. The harbor view rooms have some of the most amazing views , and you simply have to take in the view from the hotel lobby. The pool is an &quot ; infinity&quot ; pool and it overlooks the harbor &amp ; views of HK city .

what can I say... this is an amazing hotel ! ! ! As soon as you enter this place through the hustle and bustle of HK , you immediately start to relax and enjoy the beautiful lobby and its picture-perfect view. I could have stood there for hours but we were escorted to our room and there we had an even more amazing view ! We stayed in a room on the eleventh floor and had a hallway , a small livingroom , a dressing room , a bathroom with sunk bath and seperate shower , a double king sized bed and a large TV. What else can you wish for ? The staff in this hotel is really friendly and the concierge helps you in every way she can. We had the breakfast buffet every morning , probably the largest and most luxurious buffet I have ever experienced in my life , you name it they served it ! At night the buffet was even more spectacular , they had foie gras , lobster , salmon , sushi,... The prices of the buffets were value for your money , so it is really worth it ! One night we went to the steakhouse , ones again amazing... I took a chocolate fondant as a dessert and be warned , 6 persons can eat from it,... it is HUGE ! We stayed one day around the pool to get some sun and relax and we liked it very much. I had the time of my life in this hotel , I hope you do too ? !

great hotel. Arguably Hong Kong 's best. Certainly in top 3 stays I have had and I travel a great deal. Location is superb - right on the edge of Hong Kong harbor. Definit Ã © ly try for a harbor view room. Rooms are good size - not a common feature in Hong Kong. Service is of the highest standard. Several very good , if somewhat pricy restaurants. Very good executive lounge available at a supplement of about $ 120 per night. Minor quible would be that lounge isnt open 24 hours and free bar service is limited to a few hours each evening. Several much less expensive hotels have fuller lounge access .

there is no doubt about it , this is a fantastic hotel. All the other reviews are accurate. There ca n't be a better location for the view of Hong Kong Island in Kowloon. Most of the rooms and the lobby lounge capture is perfectly and it has to be one of the most stunning man-made vistas in the world .

this is definitively the best place to enjoy from your hotel the incredible Hongkong skyline. Excellent service , attention to details in the room and fast turnover at check-in/out. The pool is great , but maybe by covering it the water temperature would be a bit nicer in that extremely hot summer climate. Also the restaurants are great as well as the location to major attractions .

this is an amazing hotel. I stayed in a superior harbour view room which had amazing views over Hong Kong Harbour. The steakhouse was definitely the highlight - although very expensive the luxury of choosing your steak knife and a selection of about 10 salts from around the world was exquisite. A fun surprise was that they do a twice daily room service - it 's definitely a nice feeling to come back after dinner with your clothes folded and room back to being spotless. The ambience late at night was great sitting in the cocktail area listening to small jazz band , looking over the harbour and sipping champagne cocktails into the wee hours was THE way to finish off an amazing little stay at the Intercon .

there is a reason everyone raves about the views from this hotel - they are simply outstanding with the hotel sitting on the edge of Victoria Harbor - the deluxe harbor view room is worth the extra cost. We had considered staying on the Hong Kong side but staying in Kowloon with the amazing view of the harbor , the business district and peak on Hong Kong island was the correct decision .

my husband &amp ; I stayed at this wonderful hotel for a relative 's wedding reception &amp ; dinner. We stayed for 3 days 2 nights. From the check-in to check-out , the hotel staff has been wonderful and everything else is in working order. The breakfast at the club lounge was very nice start to the day. Besides continental buffet breakfast , they have menu for individually cooked food. My husband ordered the beef steak and enjoyed it tremendously. Compliments to the chef ! Also , the staff is very accommodating to include mushroom with the steak upon request. The other wonderful thing is the freshly squeeze fruit juices. The housekeeing is excellent too. We have requested for firm pillows and it was delivered almost immediately. The hotel is adjacent to a shopping centre. You need not get out in the humid Hong Kong summer to satisfy your shopping thirst. However , the location is not as central as those hotels located at Hong Kong island. The traffic is very bad and taxi rides across the harbour through the tunnel and back is always a long and rather expensive affair .

we stayed at the Intercontinental for a week at the end of July , and thought it was almost entirely excellent. There is no other hotel in Kowloon which commands such amazing views of the harbour - definitely pay the extra for a habour view , it 's worth it. The service throughout the hotel was also excellent. One occasion which stands out was when I went to the spa for a manicure , I accidentally smudged two nails on my way back up to the room. The spa happily booked a time for me to get them re-done , with no extra charge. Little gestures like that really impressed me .

i first stayed at InterContinental Hong Kong in February 2008 and was very impressed. I 've just returned from another stay at the hotel and in my opinion it 's as good as ever. Without a doubt I can say it 's my most favourite city-based hotel worldwide. It 's no real surprise to me that it frequently appears highly rated in numerous travel awards .

we had a four-night stay at InterContinental Hong Kong in July of 2009 staying in a Harbor View Junior Suite. This hotel amazed us from the moment we entered the lobby - the views were amazing. We were quickly taken to our suite and the check-in was taken care of there. We really felt that the service here was excellent in every way !

i will not be able to praise this hotel enough. I stayed for 2 nights in a harbour view room with club access and the hotel was outstanding. The service level was the highest I have ever experienced and will certainly be returning. Thank you to all staff especially the Club Lounge and the pool staff .

my husband and myself had stayed at this hotel for buisness 12 years ago and were stunned by the amazing views of the harbor. The room was also beautiful.This year we decded to travel with our two teenage boys for pleasure and wanted them to have the same experience we had .

as everyone says , this hotel has possible the best views of any hotel in the World , from the moment you enter the lobby until you get to your room assuming you have a harbor view . I returned because of previous great experiences and they were almost as good this time as 10 years ago. Spacious rooms and bathrooms as almost all the amenities you could ever want , including a great Bose sound / video system amd flat panel TV. The staff are excellent with good service everywhere from the bar to the &quot ; Butlers&quot ; . Couple of complaints

based on Trip Advisor reviews we booked a 5 night stay at the Intercontinental Hong Kong and have no regrets at all. The hotel provided us with a great location to see most of what Hong Kong has to offer .

after a 12 hour flight from London , this hotel was the worst possible place to end up. We arrived here to commence a trip around Asia and had booked via the Priority Club website. I am a Platinum Elite Priority Club member. it cost about Â £ 200 a night and I had requested a high floor away from the lift - we get upgrades with our membership so a room with a city view should have been easily upgraded to one facing the harbour .

first Impressions :

this is the second time I stayed in this hotel. Nothing has changed. Superb location , impeccable service , fantastic room , fabulous views ! Nothing is exaggerated in this review. It truly is the best hotel in Hong Kong , probably in the world. The location is in one of the best prime location in HK. The S-class limousine is nothing but excellent , it takes you right from airport to the doorstep of the hotel. As soon as you arrive , the bellman will help you to carry all the bags up to your room. As you enter the room , you will be mesmerized by the view ! Spot the Chinese iconic junkie that passes by. That is not the end of your fascination of the hotel. Check out their facilities. Numbers of good restaurants inside the hotel. It makes you do n't wan na leave the hotel. Try out the super-fabulous spa on the edge of HK. Enjoy the fascinating HK skyline while you sunbathe or just dip in the pool. It really is worth trying. It is one of the world 's best hotel .

hotel that comes in its own right among the best I have ever seen. We had a room at 14th floor with direct view on Hong Kong Island with its spectacular skyscrapers. Room with large screen LCD 37 ' , bose sound and iPod slot. Simply fantastic bed , queen size it would have fit nicely into three ! . Very large bathroom with separate shower and bath , toilet in separate room. There was also the balance ! The staff was formal and discreet , perhaps too much , a smile would not have been more misplaced .

i stayed here for three nights on a business trip and found the hotel to be just perfect. Great location and great rooms .

we stayed at the IC for 2 nights and loved our stay. First of all let me start by saying what a view they have got. When you walk into the lobby you will get to see the fill harbour view and it is breath taking. No matter how many times you walk through the lobby and get to see that same view , it is still breath taking every single time. I have stayed at a few hotels in HK with harbour view and I personally think this has got the best harbour view and prime location in the middle of the city .

looking at my honeymoon photo 's today i can not put off writing my review of this hotel any longer. After a long flight from Dublin we were collected by a hotel car. The fresh towels and water were a lovely way to freshen up before we were met by the hotel manager at the front door who personally showed us to our room. The view was spectacular. Best hotel room view i have ever seen. The lobby was also fantasic and a lovely place to have a beer and wait for your new wife to get ready. We ate in the steak house one night , and while expensive , was worth every penny. No issue staying in Kowloon , as it is also a great place to spend a night or two. Really good local restaurants. a definate recommendation for anyone staying in hong kong .

we stayed 5 night at the Intercontinental and we had a fantastic stay. The concierge staff as well as the butler , and restaturant staff were perfect. They have an excellent $ 20 cheeseburger in the lobby restaurant... but who cares ! ! The view of the Hong Kong Harbor from our room was breathtaking ! ! The location was fantastic and we would definitely stay at the Intercon again .

i am fortunate to stay at 5 star hotels for my business. This hotel was without question the best hotel I have ever stayed at. There are no negatives. Everything was great and I mean everything ! I will never stay at another hotel when I go back to Hong Kong. If you do n't like this hotel then you do n't like hotels !

my daughter and I stayed here for four nights last week. We stayed in a junior suite on the 8th floor , with absolutely stunning views of the harbour and Hong Kong island. Very pricey , but if your budget can allow , a great splurge experience .

this is my 3rd stay at this great hotel. Terrific service from super friendly staff members. Great business centre .

well , I 've yet to stay at the Peninsula.....but so far , this is the nicest I 've stay in out of many many trips to HK. The Intercontinental formally the Regent , which was also fantastic is just gorgeous...great staff , amazing breakfast , nice gym , great shopping , the bar and the views are the BEST in Hong Kong ! Oh , and the fruit in the room....do n't forget the fruit. Yum .

this hotel has the best location in Hong Kong. Situated right on the Victoria Harbour bank just in front of Hong King Island , the view , from the rooms or the lobby , is just amazing and I think it is really worth staying in a harbour view room. This location is also within easy access to public transport , shops and restaurants , just beside the hotels bulding there is a shopping mall. The rooms are very confortable although not very large but are well equiped. The service is what you expect from a 5 * , with special remarks for the concierge. The hotel has a beautiful outdoor pool and two outdoor jacuzzis that are just perfect for relaxing at the end of the day while enjoying the magnificient views. Some of the best Hong Kong restaurants are located right on the hotel but I didn Â ´ t try any .

the InterContinental is by far the best hotel in Hong Kong , hands down. Do n't make the mistake of staying at its shabby cousin , the Grand Stamford , though ! We initially checked in here but moved out after one night. The &quot ; scene&quot ; at the hotel is so vibrant you almost do n't want to head out. It 's got a fantastic lobby bar which serves amazing high tea. With gigantic glass windows overlooking Kowloon harbour the hotel is situated right on the harbour front , there is no better place than this to watch the daily light show with a cocktail in hand. There is modern chicness in every single corner here without the frumpy old world gilt of some of the other famous HK hotels. Where else will you find a Nobu AND Alain Ducasse 's award winning restaurant Spoon ? We got upgraded to a fantastic harbour view suite , which had a separate living room. Whether from the bathroom , the bedroom or the living room , the view of Kowloon and the harbour is uninterrupted and simply spectacular. Get a higher floor , though ; as I mentioned earlier , the hotel is right on the harbour front , which is a busy promenade full of tourists. As our room was on the 3rd floor , though it was a gorgeous suite , come nightfall you 're pretty much on the same level as the crowd outside and you 'll have to draw your curtains with a remote control , ahem. At the IC suites they 're motorized . The wardrobes , though , could definitely be roomier for a suite this size. I 've stayed here twice and it 's definitely my choice when in HK , but the next time I 've got my eyes on the IC 's rooftop suite with private pool and outdoor bed for sleeping under the stars ! ! ! This is for sure one of the best city hotels in the world , for business or romance .

after tossing up between the Penninsula and Intercontinental we thought we would follow Trip Advisor and go with their top recommendation for Hong Kong....glad we did. In terms of value for money for the type of room and exceptional quality of service this hotel really does put pressure on the &quot ; Pen&quot ; over the road .

i have heard so much about this hotel and on my recent trip to Hong Kong , I decided to spend a night at the Intercontinental. I used my Priority Club points to redeem for the one night. Being an award booking , I was somewhat anxious to see what room I would get and what service was like .

this is a great Hotel in a great location. Staff are fantastic , restaurant and bars are great. We had a harbour view room which was amazing , this hotel has to have the best views of Hong Kong Island. The hotel is a 5min walk to Harbour City Mega shopping mall and a couple of min to popular Nathan Rd. The star ferry is also right next door 5 min walk. Breakfast was excellent , a huge buffet of everything from asian to western tastes. The swimming pool and spa is great too with sensational views of the harbour. Highly recommend this hotel

my wife and I stayed at the Intercontinental during our second trip to Hong Kong...We had stayed in the Peninsula in Dec 2007 reviewed posted on Tripadvisor and had thought that was one of the best urban hotels in the world...We thought it would be hard for another Hong Kong hotel to top that experience but we thought that after taking everything location , value , service , amenities into consideration the Intercontinental was better .

we stayed for a week in a lovely room on the 7th floor. I never tired of the view morning , noon and night. It was breathtaking and worth every penny we spent .

although we only stayed one night here , I am so glad we did. Right from when we walked up the slope to the doors. We felt like we had entered another world .

we stayed for 3 days from April 21 .

the stay was scenic , wonderful , the shopping area at Tsim Sha Tsui was closeby and guests were given a card if we went for a morning jog with hotel name and location just in case we got lost , which was an extra warm touch by the hotel staff .

from the minute we were collected at the airport to the time we were chauffered back there we were treated with total courtesy and given brilliant service. Our upgrade from a Luxury Harbour View to a small suite was welcome. The views over the harbour are just tremendous. The outdoor heated pool with its two spa pools is terrific , and a light breakfast there overlooking the harbour is a wonderful experience. We ate in the Cantonese and the Buffet Restaurants , both expensive but exceptional food. I really hope to return one day

we went with this hotel thanks to TA reviews. It 's one of my favorite hotels in world. Staggering views of the harbor. Location across street from the MRT which was fantastic. Rooms were tastefully &amp ; perfectly amenitied. But that view when you open the electric blinds...just incredible. The staff was super swell...this is a true first class operation the finest staff. The infiniti pool with it 's harbor pool....esp at night...oh sigh ! The gym was fantastic also ! But the breakfast buffet...oh the breakfast buffet.... Our family joke is I am the queen of the asian breakfast buffet. The first morning I begin plotting my strategy to ensure the perfect experience each morning I fully admit this is completely twisted behavior . The breakfast buffet is sheer bliss. My favorite in the world....and I 've traveled a good deal. Breakfast buffet nirvana is the only appropriate term. It is my great hope that we will one day again be able to stay at this property. World class cool .

this is an exceptional hotel. The service is some of the best I have encountered in extensive travel around the world. Just excellent , food , rooms , checkin-in , staff , they are caring and polite and efficient. The food at this hotel is great. The pool is beautiful. They have us great shopping recommendations. Ask for the eyeglass lady 's card who has a shop on the 12th floor of a building near the &quot ; ladies&quot ; market. I loved this hotel so did my mother 67 and my daughter 10. Just fabulous and worth every penny. That said do not prebook the hotel with a guarantee. We &quot ; prepaid&quot ; to hold a rate and saw the price go down by 50 % and wish we had done a &quot ; non guarantee&quot ; type of booking and gotten our rate lowered. The best suites were going for what we paid for a room by the time we got here. Also def. book the club level it is soooo worth it , amazing breakfast , tea service and cocktail hour. It will keep your cost down tremendously .

  Get the internet price. Though expensive , it 's still less expensive than the other 5 * hotels like Peninsula or four seasons .

booked this hotel after reading reviews on here and we were not disappointed. Everything about it is spot on. Best bits - pressing the electronic drapery button to open the curtain to THAT view , sitting in the eternity pool overlooking THAT view , the breakfast buffet and finally , evening buffet with light display over harbour .

this is the best hotel that my partner and I have ever stayed in - anywhere in the world. We just do n't see how it could be improved. The location is a showstopper in itself. The staff knowledgeable , friendly and engaging. The pool and spa overlooking the Hong Kong Harbor were breathtaking. One wall of our room was completely glass - providing an unbelievable view of the harbor , the nightly light show , and the passing parade of Chinese junks , ferries and boats of every description. We took advantage of most of the hotel 's facilities and found them all to be unsurpassed. Walking distance to terrific shopping , excellent restaurants , and the famous Star Ferry , I only wish that we had planned our trip in such a way that we could have stayed there longer .

the selling point for this hotel is its location which is literally at the water 's edge of Hong Kong Habour. If you have a harbour-view room , the outlook is spectacular so too is the price ! The view is the only reason for staying here .

i have- thanks to the company I work for-had the pleasure of staying at many five star hotels around the world.Last January I stayed at the IC in Miami which was fabulous.The IC in Kowloon however is in a league all of it 's own .

this hotel is impressive before you even enter ! The staff were amazing and tended to our every need. We have a room overlooking the water which was absolutely stunning. I literally bounced around the room , amazed at the luxury. The food was amazing , with a huge range.The pool and hot tubs was perfect , the perfect place to relax. The spa treatments were great , and good value for money. I was sorry to leave this hotel , and would absolutely stay there again !

yes , it â € ™ s expensive. But I believe what you get what you pay for. Superb service to rival any establishment in the world. My wife and I stayed there recently for part of our honeymoon and although it was expensive , it â € ™ s probably something if you can afford it you should do once in a lifetime .

this was my 10th stay here. My favorite thing to do is bring a friend on the trip , check in , and then take them to the lobby lounge for a drink usually 8 pm by the that time . Then , I watch their reaction ! The sense of wonder , excitement and awe are great to see. There is no better place in the world than the lobby lounge of the Intercontinental at night. For this visit , as always , everything was at the pinnicle. Service and room great. For food , you must try the Harbourside buffet at least once during your stay for either breakfast or , preferrably , dinner. Expensive , but some of the most wonderful food you will ever have. Even though a buffet , the good is fresh and better than 99 % of restaurants serving from a menu. The other restaurants are also fantastic. The managers will take care of you on anything out of the ordinary needed .

we stayed at a harbour view room at IC HK on Jan 4th , 2009 on our way ro Auckland .

arranged to have our wedding banquet at the Intercontinental Hong Kong in October 2008. As part of our package we had several guests staying in Harbour View rooms as well as Junior Suites and a Deluxe Suite for ourselves .

we arrived on the 30th dec and a friend had told us to stay here for the views for new years eve fire works the hotel looks over to hong kong island ,well we arr.at airport and was met by the chauffeur from the hotel a lovely touch arrived at hotel was greeted personally by dennis who checked us in in our harbour view room a must have wow ! ! ! ! ! what a view,its breath taking ,we paid for the club facilities which include breakfast , afternoon tea and sandwiches,and then between 6pm till 8pm free alcohol that includes french champagne so i would say it is well worth it if you use it......we saw the new year in there and will never forget it ,stayed for 2 nights then went to lanson place for 5 nights but only stayed there for 2 because we missed the intercontinental you cant beat it ,,,,,,for our last night we had booked the 4 seasons on hong kong island yes it was lovely too,but it did not have the character of the intercontinental ....cant wait to go back .hong kong is a great diverse place we loved it ,

fantastic hotel... despite its size , still managed to make us feel special which was perfect for kickstarting our honeymoon .

we booked this hotel because of its rating on Trip Advisor. We were a little nervous about this as our first choice had been to stay on HK Island at the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental. However it did not disappoint .

i booked this hotel based on the reviews from this website , and it was definitely the right choice ! I booked a room for three people paid 600 HK dollars extra for the third person , and when I checked in , I was told that I was supposed to request a cot online when I booked the room. I said I did n't realize that I had to pre-book a cot and that we needed a cot because we did n't want to sleep in a room with two queen or full-sized beds. The check-in desk informed me that the hotel was totally booked and most of the cots were spoken for because of the holidays. I insisted on waiting , and after a few minutes , they led us up to our room and soon thereafter a butler showed up with our cot. Other than this small hiccup which was taken care of right away , we had a fabulous stay at this hotel. The room deluxe harborview had an amazing view of hong kong. The room itself was very comfortable and large by hong kong hotel room standards. The bathroom is huge and really nice ! We got welcome tea as soon as we arrived , which is also a nice touch. The only odd thing is that we did not get turndown service but it may have been because we only left the room for about 2 hours in the evening for dinner and the do not disturb sign was on before we left for dinner. The hotel lobby is really beautiful and the view from the lobby lounge is really breathtaking. We had dinner at a restaurant called the Prince Restaurant near the hotel , which a friend recommended , but I wish we had stayed at the hotel because they have tons of restaurant options which seemed popular. I would try the Harborview buffet , Nobu or Spoon alain ducasse . The drinks in the lobby lounge are a bit pricey , but in line with a 5-star hotel. For the price ~ $ 500 , this was a great option !

stayed here for 4 nights in November.. great location and the staff were warm and friendly.. great views from bedrom ! .

i can only agree with most other reviewers - a top hotel , perfect location , first class service and a great range of restaurants. I would just offer two tips from our experience. Firstly , the extra for a harbour view is well worth while. Secondly , the extra for the &quot ; Executive Club&quot ; probably is n't. This is a mezzanine area offering breakfast , evening cocktails and newspapers etc included in the price. It 's OK but probably not worth the price .

i booked my stay through AmEx Platinum Fine Hotels which brings a number of benefits including room upgrades , free breakfast , late check out etc. I travelled throughout Asia on the program and got upgraded to a suite in every hotel .

just stayed here for 3 nights in a deluxe harbour view room as a stop off before travelling on to Australia. Exactly as everyone on here says , it 's a wonderful hotel and the location is second to none. Ok , you 're not in Hong Kong itself , but the Star Ferry terminal is about a 5 minute walk from the hotel and the trip across the river costs HK $ 2.20 about 20p in UK money ! .

only arriving in the airport , having the pickup car ready,

my Partner and i stayed here for just 2 nights , whilst on a round the world trip. This hotel stay was on the last bit of our trip and we wanted to end it on a high. Wow ! what service ! The warm welcome and attention to detail is amazing and the staff are so very attentive. The hotel was quiet , relaxing and pure luxury. We had an amazing large harbour view room , we didnt once put the tv on but just kept looking out of the window at the amazing view ! At eight o'clock each evening the harbour lights up to an amazing laser light show. Breakfast is buffet style and is very delicious with fantastic choice. I chose this hotel from the highly recommended reviews of other trip-advisor travellers , and they were so right ! We would definately stay at this hotel again .

just come back from 6 nights stay at the Intercontinental , excellent hotel with expected high level of service. We stayed in a harbour view room , brilliant view. We have stopped previously at the Shangri-La but the views are not nearley as good , although the levels of service at both hotels are excellent .

had some trepidation about the Intercon since I wanted the best hotel in the city for this trip and have been disappointed by some Intercons in the past they can be hit or miss . But this Intercontinental is ABSOLUTELY FLAWLESS ! Do not let any past negative Intercontinental experience deter you from booking this hotel ! I 'm so glad I trusted TripAdvisor and stayed at the Hong Kong Intercontinental !

a have spent recently a two nights staying in the Hotel Intercontinental. I have got a Deluxe Harbour view contemporary room with a King size bed. The Hotel is fantastic , the atmposphere is simply outstanding , with an hall that is opened on the breathtaking view of the harbour and the skyline of the Hong Kong island 's buildings .

my wife and I stayed three nights in a Deluxe Harbour View room at the HK InterCon in early October .

i am writing this review in the Hotel InterContinental Hong Kong itself and behind my chair is the beautiful harbor view from my room on the 12th floor . I was going to book the Langham , but decided to stay here for my business trip to Hong Kong becauseof the great reviews by the Tripadvisor contributors. and also because it is one of the hotels on AX 's Fine Resorts &amp ; Hotel program which gave me an upgrade at check-in. The hotel entrace is not grand as would be expected as compared to many other five star hotels such as the Ritz-Carlton or the Four Seasons , but the view of the Harbor from the lobby bar , the outdoor hot tub , the restaurant , to our room is breathtaking and worth every penny. The fitness center opens 24 hours with exceptional equipment , one of the best treadmill I have used compares to other 5 star hotels that I have stayed at throughout the world. I will definitely stay at this hotel again .

the views from the hotel are probably the best possible to see the harbor which is everchanging and fascinating to take in. The service was very attentive , they remembered my name , how I liked my room prepared during the two weeks I stayed there. There seemed to be no request however simple and small that was too much trouble for them , and I noticed large events were gorgeous. The hotel is a wonderful place to eat , spend time in , return to after a hard day work or sightseeing as the location is very easy to transport to and from. The view from the immaculate and hygenic whirlpools , pool and lounge areas where you can also order food and drinks is wonderful , intersting , romantic , engaging and everchanging. As a solo woman traveller I felt completely safe , cared for and attended to as well as if I had been travelling with a companion in the dining areas etc .

this is quite possibly the best hotel I have ever stayed in. It 's all so perfect - great location , charming and helpful staff , luxury , comfort , great restaurants .

having just returned from a four day stay at The InterContinental , Hong Kong , I can only endorse the glowing reports already posted by previous reviewers. .

trip Advisor is always my first choice website to select hotels , with the Intercontinental now at No.1 - this is clearly vindicated .

we stayed here for 2 nights Mid-Sept and it was absolutely fabulous .

it 's all true. This is the best hotel in the world. Why ?

my wife and I have just returned from a around the world trip .

i am so impressed ! Walking to the lobby , check-in , escort to the room , amenities. Great Service .

the best Jacuzzi not the Pool in HK , with the best harbour view possible. An unforgettable experience looking the sunset inside this jacuzzi with a drink.. .

on a long business trip , I first stayed at the Intercontinental as we didn had time to look for a hotel and I am member of Intercontinental loyalty program .

we stayed here for the first leg of our honeymoon and what a fabulous hotel. The rooms are spacious , spotless , all ameniities you would expect , including ipod dock for Bose sound system .

simply one of the best city centre hotels in the world. The view is perfect , service impecible , fantastic pool with an infinity whirlpool that must have the best view in Hong Kong overlooking the bay .

stayed at this hotel for three nights. Upon arrival at the airport in Hong Kong , if you have n't booked a transfer you can go to the hotel desk which is located within arrivals -they take your luggage to one of their cars which whisks you straight to the hotel. On arrival , we were directed to reception who took us straight up to our room on the 12th floor to complete check in. A few moments later , a pot of Jasmine tea was in the room as a complimentary welcome drink. Room was very large with a lovely double bed , and a seperate shower and sunken bath .

is this worthy of being in &quot ; 1000 Places to See&quot ; ? Yes , probably. Very expensive , but all in all wonderful .

we booked for five nights and six days. We are on our last day in the hotel and were hit by typhoon nuri yesterday so we got to experience most of their facilities since Hong kong shut down. We booked through their internet website and contacted them through email. We have ambassador privileges , used the airport limo pick up and drop off services , tried most of their restaurants , gym , spa , laundry/dry cleaning and concierge services. We booked a superior harbourside room , got upgraded to deluxe and had club access .

stayed here for 3 nights- Perfect location , amazing views room 1210 of harbour. Lovely bed and wonderful bathroom with sunken bath and great shower. Staff extremely helpful &amp ; friendly. Would definately recommend this hotel for a luxurious break

we have just returned from honeymoon in HK , Oz and Bali. We stayed in all 5 star hotels/resorts , and without a doubt , the IC Hong Kong was the best hotel experience. We had expected great things from the hotel , given all of the reviews we had read before going. We were in no way disappointed. The service is world-class , the views and amenities fabulous. The food is incredible. There is very little that I can add by way of additional information , in comparison to what other reviewers have posted. However , when a hotel pool which has outstanding backdrop views has staff to bring you a small tray with a cold water spray pump , face towels , a do not disturb sign and a wake-up call request form , before your backside even hits the sun lounger , you know you are onto a good thing. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough. While the rates are relatively steep , you certainly get what you pay for , and more we were upgraded to a harbour view suite .

my friend and I had a girls week away to Hong Kong and stayed at this hotel. It was great. The location on Kowloon is good. The hotel is large and looks very dated and pretty ugly from the outside but do n't let this put you off. The inside is spacious and modern. The staff are very attentive and helpful. The rooms are spacious with good views whichever side you are on. We did not pay the premium for the harbour view but we had a view over Kowloon and towards the Peninsula. The bathroom was massive with nice toiletries and lots of fluffy towels. We had the Sunday Champagne Brunch which is a must. Endless champers and all the food you could want , including caviar and lobster and the best view. The bar area is great and the view over to Hong Kong Island is just wonderful. Each night we would start the evening with a cocktail in the bar overlooking the island with all the buildings lit up and then head off to the island in a taxi. The bars and clubs are definately better on the island but staying on Kowloon is not a problem as the taxi 's are plentiful and cheap. Also the spa , gym and pool were really nice , especially the infinity pool over Victoria Harbour where you can loung around watching all the harbour life. I had stayed at the Peninsula the time before but would stay at the Intercontinental again over the Peninsula as it was better value for money , the basic rooms are bigger and better and the pool and views from the bar much better .

having stayed at HK Peninsula on last trip , we decided to save a little money on this trip and stay at Intercontinental because we had a larger group that required three rooms .

because of a travel snafu , I ended up flying into Hong Kong two days earlier than my partner -- so he gave me an early birthday treat of two days at the Intercontinental , in a harbourview room. He gave me the choice between the Peninsula and the Intercon. I chose the Intercon for its location and famous views. I 'd never been to HK before , and wanted it to be a nice experience , even if I decided to hole up in my room and sleep off most of the jet lag .

quite possibly the best hotel bar / view in the world

i stayed at the InterContinental Hotel in Hong Kong at the end of May and again in mid-June. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay on both occasions. Upon arriving at the hotel you are greeted with sweeping views of Hong Kong by a check-in staff that is very efficient and welcoming. The rooms are nicely furnished with flat screen TVs and reasonably spacious , with bathrooms that have a separate shower and bathtub .

perfect scores all round for this hotel. I stopped off in Hong Kong on the way back from Europe for 4 days , and will definitely stay at the Intercon again .

we stayed in a harbor view junior suite. To say the view from our room was amazing is a huge understatement. We had more than 180 degree views from floor to ceiling windows. It looked like our rom was hanging out over the harbor. At 8PM every night is the light show on the buildings across the harbor. Our view was just as good as that from the lobby , which is known to have the best view in town. The restaurant Spoon in the hotel is excellent. Great service , food and views as well. Breakfast delivered to the room was very good. The breakfast buffet downstairs is quite good as well. I went to the Peninsula to see what I thought of it. I would not have been happy there. The hotel seemed dated and views not worthwhile. I asked the hotel to set up a private guide for me one day. This was quite good as I had limited spare time in Hong Kong and wanted to see as much as possible in a short time. In short , loved the hotel and will stay again .

we spent three nights at the Intercontinental in HK. We were four in two harbor view rooms with club access. This hotel is fabulous in every way. The views from the rooms are so incredible you just want to sit and gaze out your window. You feel almost as if you are on a ship , the harbor is so close. The rooms are plush with every possible amenity , including Bulgari bath products , lovely.The club lounge has wonderful views and the food is incredible. Great breakfasts , fruit smoothies in shot glasses , poached eggs on toast , really good croissants ! great snacks , great wine selection lots of champagne , wonderful hors d'oeuvres. Staff were wonderful as well. This club lounge has a good variety of seating club chairs , tables , sofas and TV 's in several areas. When Barack Obama was making a speech at breakfast time , we asked to have breakfast in front of a TV to hear him , and we were warmly accomodated .

recently visited HK for a long weekend. While on the Kowloon side , the Intercon Hong Kong is worth a visit. We arrived quite late and the check was immediate and hassle free. Spacious room overall , comfy bed , new , flat screen tvs with Bose surround sound , large bathroom. Amenities are Elemis - the Intercon standard. Huge window looks out across the harbor providing you with wonderful views - day and night .

this is a bench mark Property - The best Views -The best Restaurants - Spoon , Nobu - Outstanding Club Floor . Above all outstanding staff

we have recently returned from a five day stay in Hong Kong at the Intercontinental and feel the experience at the hotel was the highlight of our visit. The views of Hong Kong harbour from our room were spectacular and watching the activities in the harbour highly entertaining. The room itself was nicely decorated and the marble bathroom was certainly large by most hotel standards and had every possible amenity. We signed up for the Intercontinental Club which was well worth the additional charge as it offered and excellent breakfast , tea service and drinks with hors d'oeuvres before dinner. The manager of the club was very helpful with recommendations for shopping , and sightseeing or whatever question we had. The restaurants in the hotel were uniformly first rate. Service was uniformly highly attentive and spoiled us for other hotels and restaurants. The Intercontinental in every way earned the rate charged .

staying at the Intercontinental in Kowloon was everything and more than we thought it would be .

wonderful Hotel , the corner suite was out of this world , the view of the Harbour was unbelievable .

just got back from Hong Kong and this hotel is so worth the extra $ $ $ ! I struggled with the cost initially but who knows when I will be back in Hong Kong so why not splurge ! I did spend a lot on airline tickets so why stop there As stated before , the views are the BEST. Book a harbour view and you will love the views from your hotel window. The rooms and beds are very comfortable and nice with Bose Sound systems we had Ipods and loved this system for in room music The lobby also has impressive views of the harbor and he laser show at night. The food and drink int the lobby are expensive but I do n't think anything compares to high tea or a cocktail while watching the harbour activities .

the harbour view room is definitely worth it ! Room has lots of nice modern touches. Bathroom is spacious and well lighted. Since it was X'mas time , a box of chocolate was given to each room. The staff at check-in was pretentious. The staff at concierge was helpful and very friendly. Hotel is connected to New World Shopping Centre , which was very convenient to us since we had breakfast there almost everyday during our stay. There 's also a grocery store inside the mall so it 's great convenience for stocking up on water and snacks .

love this place and wouldnt stay anywhere else .

we stayed here for 2 nights as a stop over on the way back from Australia and it was possibly the best hotel experience I have ever had in my life. We arrived at about 10pm , looking tired and scruffy after a delayed flight from Brisbane but were treated like royalty from the minute we entered the hotel. We were amazed and delighted to find that we had been upgraded from a harbour view room to an executive harbout view suite ! We were taken to our room to check in and were stunned by the amazing views of the harbour from the floor to ceiling windows that ran the entire length of our room .

we stayed in a harbour view room with club facilities for 3 days on our outward journey to Sydney .

one of the best hotels in Hong Kong. Easily accessible to shopping , sights and public transportation. Magnificent views of the harbor. Rooms were spacious , bathrooms excellent with sunken tub , flat panel TV. Staff was very friendly. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay .

booked in here at the recommendation of a friend. Was initially reluctant as was considerably more - even for a standard plaza view room - than I was entirely comfortable paying. Especially , as I tend to think about Hotels as bases to explore rather than destinations in themselves. However , the Intercontinental was the most amazing experience and the facilities and location were really the icing in the cake for my trip to Hong Kong .

probably one of the best hotels we have stayed in for location and spectacular harbourside rooms beautifully furnished. The lobby bar has a huge glass wall overlooking the comings and goings of the busy harbour. The breakfast buffet is the best I 've seen and do n't forget to treat yourself to dinner in Spoon.......Alan Ducasse famous restaurant for fabulous food and those spectacular views. Stay at this hotel once in your life-time .

we started our China trip at this hotel and were spoiled. A wonderful hotel with great service and a must try buffet breakfast that is out of this world ! While you 're chowing down on breakfast , enjoy the panoramic view of Victoria Harbor , it 's simply the best !

the only negative was lack of drawer space only three and oversize hangers limited hanging space in closet. The service on all levels was above average. The concierges are terrific .

this hotel truly deserves 5 star plus , must be one of the worlds best. We stayed for 3 days in Feb in a superb room with breathtaking views over Victoria Harbour and used the club lounge , which worth every penny extra. Wonderful food , fabulous location , helpful efficient smiling staff , spotless throughout with superb facilities. Big yet personal .

this has to be one of the best hotels in Hong Kong. We stayed there for 3 nights in February. We had booked a room with a harbour view and we were certainly not disappointed. The view was spectacular and we could have spent the entire time just looking at the everchanging harbour scene. The Club facilities are out of this world , food is excellent as are all the services. The staff were wonderful and the Pool area is to die for. I would go back tomorrow !

we spent ages and ages delberating on where to stay in our first ever visit to Hong Kong for Christmas 07 , and are pleased to report that we got this absolutely spot on !

oh my , what a wonderful hotel to be staying in ! We arrived from the port in a brightly coloured Rehabus specially for wheelchairs expensive though , to be met by the Director of Guest Relations. She sat us down in the magnificent glass walled bar on the harbour 's edge to check us in , with fresh juice , and within a few moments we were whisked up to our very special accessible room. Two bellboys and our vast luggage were already awaiting us .

this hotel is FANTASTIC. Such a great location. We looked a number of properties to stay in in Hong Kong/Kowloon and choose this property for a combination of price , location and the room being offered. We looked at staying on Hong Kong island but having visited during the stay were so glad to have not. You get the best of the buzz of Hong Kong while being absolute waterfront and by far the best view in the house. The nightly light show is right there and you feel like you could almost touch it .

i have stayed here on business a number of times over the last few years before their rates and my travel budget fell out ! and i have always been very impressed. So much so that I even book it for our honeymoon and it did n't disappoint. My wife was blown away by the place and it was perfect for the 3 days we spend in Hong Kong .

i stayed in a Junior Harbour View Suite at the Intercontinental for 3 nights in November 2007. This was a pleasant time of the year to visit Hong Kong , when it was dry and warm. The hotel is located on the Kowloon waterfront and is only a 5 minute walk from the Star Ferry terminal. It is also a 5 minute walk to Nathan Road. This makes it an excellent base for exploring Hong Kong .

we stayed in this hotel in a harbour view executive room for two nights on a combined business/leisure trip. I have to say this hotel ranks in our view as one of the best in the world - maybe even the best. Service is outstanding , from the porter that awaits you at the airport right down to the butler that brings you a fresh cup of chinese tea shortly after your arrival. The location ca n't be beaten , simply close to everything relevant in Hong Kong. Compared to the ever-famous Peninsula , that is currently surrounded by building sites , we feel that the Intercontinental offers much more value for money. There are some terrific restaurants in the hotel , such as Spoon Alain Ducasse and Nobu , both world-class. Overall a fantastic experience , score 10 out of 10 .

we stayed in this hotel for thre nights at the end of our honeymoon in Dec. We had a fanatastic experience. The staff were all incredibly friendly and obliging from the moment we stepped foot inside the hotel .

the Intercontinental Hong Kong is a luxury/business hotel occupying the best patch of real estate in Tsim Sha Tsui. We spent 5 nights there as part of an around-the-world trip , and were thrilled with the service and experience we had .

i travel to Asia on business about 2 times per year. The Intercontinental is by far the best hotel I have stayed in when travelling to Hong Kong .

hear now 26 jan on the 4th floor also use the club lounge first class service central for shopping pool is close for repair the food in the hotel is very nice if i was hear longer i would need two seats on the plane to go home every shop brand under the sun need plenty of days to get round we will come back and stay heat again also good pick up service

booked 2 nights while visiting home w/ hubby yeah , I am from HK . Wanted to splurge on a fancy place for christmas - paid HKD4000 hotel website &amp ; 3000 prepaid thru agent for Dec 24-26 .

i like to base my reviews on both quality and value. Without a doubt , the InterContinental has quality in spades , but it is tremendously expensive to stay there .

we are frequent visitors to Hong Kong and are aware of this this hotel in an eye catching location of Kowloon. I booked a standard room there for 3 nights using my Priority Club points , and that maybe the reason of our treatment .

the view is spectacular - stay in a harbour view room it is absolutely worth it. The service here is also fantastic by all members of staff. Actually felt like they really did care that you enjoyed your stay at the hotel not often the case .

the service here is wonderful ! One morning the shuttle for the train left a little early and the bellman ran after it. It is beautiful and kept up in an impecable manner. Many of the employees spoke english. Two days while we were there , there was a typhoon warning. The desk agents explained what we should do and that if we needed help just call them. As we came back to the hotel , the doorman greated us at the street with an umbrella and warm towel , it was delightful .

this hotel is utterly amazing. We had a fifth floor room. One wall was all glass looking out over the harbour. Breath taking. Every detail had been thought about. We were whisked through reception , given delightful tea , taken to the room by a charming young lady. The room was superbly appointed. Without shadow of doubt the best hotel expereince we have ever had. There are at least two stunning restaurants as part of the hotel complex...Spoon and the amazing Japanese experience at Nobu... again both with incredible viewsover the harbour and the sky line , both with exquisite food. The pool is also excellently appointed. Above all else it was the levels of service that we most appreciated. Every member of staff was cheerful , helpful and incredibly well trained. Louis Baleros at the front desk is a knock out concierge. I doubt he could ever be bettered ! He helped to perfect our stay. This hotel is within a whisker of perfection .

my wife and I stayed for two days. Took option of upgrading to a junior suite. Huge , well-appointed room with a magnificant view of the harbour. Good service and food. Dramatic location of swimming pool and hot pool .

i recently stayed at the Intercontinental Hong Kong Hotel for 5 nights and I can say that it is one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed in. The minute I entered the hotel reception I was amazed at the view of Hong Kong island from the lobby bar , possibly the most spectacular view of Hong Kong Island. I had a harbour view room and the room itself was large , spacious and beautifully appointed. I ate in the Steakhouse one night , tried the buffet for lunch one afternoon and had dinner in the lounge bar another evening and I can say that the food here is excellent. The cocktails in the lounge bar at night are a little on the pricey side but realistically you are paying for the view. You can get quite a good inexpensive breakfast in the cafe at the front of the shopping centre beside the hotel. The attention to detail and service in the Intercontinental is second to none. The location of this hotel in Kowloon is also great as it is in walking distance to the Star Ferry , various restaurants and tourist sights. I would have no hesitation whatsoever in recommending this hotel to anyone who is thinking of visiting Hong Kong .

we always try to stay here when visiting Hong Kong , because the views over the harbour are wonderful , and the service is so good as well. We were greeted outside as soon as our car pulled up and led straight to our room to check in. We needed a room early and one had been made ready for us. We chose to book use of the Club lounge , which offers an excellent breakfast buffet , afternoon tea with sandwiches and cakes , and evening cocktails and canapes , which are all marvellous. The staff are also happy to make pots of tea at any time , and welcomed us back as soon as we arrived .

this remains my favourite hotel to be in Hong Kong. Not quite the class of the Peninsula , or 'where it all happens ' at the Mandarin Oriental , but with fabulous views , lots of space and impressive service. This time , I was particularly impressed at the pool to be offered a pool 'concierge ' to wake me up at a certain time , or prepare drinks , provide cold towels etc.. Despite being cold , I was given a portable fan. Wonderful touch ! Great breakfasts. Only negative was the door-man , when I left , made it quite clear that he expected a tip. All he did was open the door ! I had just generously tipped the porter and do not expect to be made to feel uncomfortable when leaving a fine hotel of this exceptional calibre .

we stayed for 2 nights from the 25th , as the last part of our trip before heading back to Australia , and we were upgraded from a deluxe harbour view room to an executive suite , which was very generous of them. The rooms were all very spacious and comfortable , facilities were great , and service was top notch. Anything required was brought up promptly , and the butler drawn baths were a very good way to start and end the day. I would highly recommend use of Club Intercontinental , where service is also very attentive and prompt. Their Bentley limousine service to the airport was a very fitting way to finish the trip , and we highly recommend this hotel and it 's services to couples looking for a romantic getaway .

from the outside you could n't guess what expects you. Regular building without any particular atraction despite being on the waterfront. By the same second the doormen open the doors for you , you will be flabergasted with the lobby view. Wiith 2 floor size glass you have a great view of Vitoria Harbour. The kind of view , you just want to sit and be quiet. For all this you must request an Harbour View Room , unless you be happy only with the lobby. Big rooms , nice and cosy beds. Confortable pillows. Electric blinds. Extra modern sound system. Spacious bathroom room. The breakfast is also with the same view and the food is great. Nice shoppig area inside hotel. 2 famous restaurants NOBU &amp ; Alain Ducasse. And is just a 5 minute walk from Tsin Sha Tsui Star Ferry Terminal. Great location and a great hotel .

we have just returned from a trip to China and our first hotel stay was at the Intercontinental Hong Kong. This is a fabulous hotel located right on the harbor. The views are fantastic especially at night and we never had to leave our room to enjoy them. Service was top notch and staff was extremely friendly and willing to accommodate any request. Rooms were plush and well appointed with all amenities. Large bathroom with spa tub. Excellent restaurants. Location is great for shopping - there is a huge shopping mall connected to the hotel and an underground walkway linking you to Nathan Road and museums. The Star Ferry is a block away. Worth the price .

i stayed in the Intercontinental at the beginning of October and was really pleased. The rooms and bathrooms are of a very high standard and are fairly big for Hong Kong. The furnishings are of an excellent quality. Service is very good , just press the butler button and somebody contacts you straight away .

what can I say ? I booked the hotel for 2 nights on our way to Australia using our priority points. I had upgraded the room to a harbour view and paid an extra Â £ 72 and it was well worth the extra ! We arrived at reception and were taken up to our room to check in. It was dark when we arrived and this was the best possible time to appreciate the view ! I had seen reviews on Tripadvisor and this was one of the main reasons I booked the hotel , but my husband hadnt taken much interest until he saw the view from the room ! The window took over a full wall of our room and we were wowed with the view looking over the harbour to Hong Kong island ! I was so looking forward to it but words could not describe seeing the island all lit up from our hotel room ! As we were celebrating the hotel had arranged a bottle of champagne , fruit and strawberries with chocolate which was lovely .

we stayed at the glorious InterContinental for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon in Hong Kong and were absolutely delighted with our stay .

we stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights as a stop before going to Sydney and it was one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in we have stayed in a lot of hotels around the world ! . After a 40 minute drive from the airport we arrived at the hotel and as we were on our honeymoon we made a point of telling them this and we were upgraded to a junior suite not easily though as we had to haggle for it ! The only junior suite left was on the smoking floor which we did not want but we decided to check it out to see if it was ok before rejecting it. We were taken to our room and lead down a bamboo lined corridor and taken to the last set of double doors at the end. We went inside and were firstly shocked by how amazing the harbour view really was it was simply spectacular and as we arrived in the evening it looked even better. The suite was immaculate and had more than we could have wanted - we were even bought complementary chinese tea and fruit to welcome us. Over the 3 days we were at the hotel we visited the ispa twice and I have to tell you it is possible the best spa I have ever been to. We were treated like royalty and had several massages and treatments which were incredible. We also lounged by the pool and took a dip - you are looked after so well everywhere in this hotel. We also ate at NOBU which was also amazing - much better than London Nobu in my opinion. They really have thought of everything at this hotel and even things you would not have thought of ! I would definitely recommend this hotel even if it is on the pricey side it is well worth it if only for the outstanding service , view and facilities. I would definitely stay here again - maybe on a second honeymoon... !

stayed at this hotel for 1 night before a transfer to mainland China for a week long tour. Just staying there one night , I can tell you this hotel is amazing. Our room was beautiful , the service was top notch , the location was perfect right next to Canton road where all the shopping is , right next to museums , good restaurants including 2 very upscale amazing restaurants in the hotel , Nobu and Spoons Everything about this hotel was 5 star. If money isnt an issue , this is the place to stay. Was delighted with everything about it !

stayed at the Intercontinental for business , based solely on a desire for Priority Club reward points , and found myself extremely impressed ! After looking at other hotels around town , I am convinced this is the best in terms of value and service .

my husband and I always stay at Four Seasons Hotels with the exception of Hong Kong.We really believe that the Intercontinental is a hard act to follow or beat. The service surpasses any 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in .

we stayed here for 3 nights and we had a fantastic view over the water. Just couldnt stop looking at the view. One morning we opened the blind and a cruise ship was going past , felt like it was in the room. The view at night is very nice .

my wife and I stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 days. The service and facilities are impeccable. Our harbour view room was clean , spacious and decked out with contemporary Asian furnishings and decor .

we stayed 5days and really had a wonderfull time. we asked for a harbor view room and it was breath taking. Food was very good but expensive , rooms were nice size and very confortable. Location was excelent ! I liked it more than The Penninsula and price was much better ! ! ! I 'll will definitly go back and stay at The Intercontinental .

we have visited this hotel twice in the last 2 years. On our first visit we booked a Deluxe Harbour View and were upgraded to a Junior Suite and on the second we booked a Pool View and were upgraded to an Executive Pool View .

my wife &amp ; I mid 40 's recently stayed at this harbor-front property , where we had a junior suite room 516 that compared favorably to any of the finest hotel rooms we 've stayed in. Our room looked directly out on the harbor ; at night we left the curtains open in order to enjoy the incredible vista. The bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was quite large , w/a separate tub and shower the tub 's jets were not very powerful . Large closet with safe. Complicated TV/Stereo set-up we had to call for help ! but great Bose sound system .

hong Kong â € ™ s Intercontinental is the ideal business traveler â € ™ s hotel. When inside the hotel , I can almost forget that I 'm not in NY .

stayed here in November 2006 , on our first visit to Hong Kong. We 'd originally chosen another hotel , but changed to the Intercontinental on a recommendation , and proved to be thr right choice. Room was stunning Deluxe Harbour View , on the 11th floor , with massive bed and fantastic view , straight onto Hong Kong Harbour. This makes it worth the money alone ! !

i 'm certain that my experience is somewhat unique to my situation , and may seem foreign excuse the pun to those that do n't fully understand the unspoken complexities of Hong Kong society. For background purposes , I 'm a Chinese American that frequently travels to Hong Kong on business. Firstly , for those that do n't know , it is generally understood by Chinese people almost everywhere that Hong Kong Chinese people employ discriminatory practices against other Chinese people. It sounds strange , I agree , and I 'm not sure I believed it myself until I experienced it first-hand at the InterContinental .

we stayed at this hotel on our outward journey to Taiwan in May 2007. On arrival as we got out of our taxi we were greeted by a concierge who asked our names , then spoke into a voice boom and by the time we got to the reception desk we were presented with our card keys now thats service .

amazing ! I have been to HK many times and stayed in many hotels and this was bar none , the best experience ever. The service was extraordinary , the rooms impeccable .

although on Kowloon rather tha hong Kong island this hotel has a great location was fantastic views. The room was small but had a fantastic view of Hong Kong harbour and was very luxuious with all the amenities you needed especially the bathroom and great room service .

i was in Hong Kong for a brief vacation alone. Stayed at InterContinental for two nights and out of surprise they gave me a suite on the highest floor , 16th. Although not with full harbor view , still a very enjoyable stay .

we stayed at this hotel for business and were happy in every aspect of our stay. From the view , to the eager service , to the unforgettable breakfast we still talk about it , several months later , our stay here was one of the best .

i stayed at the hotel for 5 nights from 1 May. My room was on the 7th Floor and was not a harbour view. The view we got was a construction they are doing on their pool/ spa floor .

stayed here for two nights using Priority Club points. Very nice hotel. There was some refurbishment work going on at the front of the hotel and the pool are but this was still the best hotel I 've visited in Hong Kong .

i did a lot of research to choose a hotel for 4 nights in Hong Kong on our way home from a month in New Zealand. I came up with this one and never regretted it. The views from either the hotel lobby and bar

an absolutely fantastic hotel one of the best i have ever stayed in , the room was immaculate and the staff couldnt possibly do enough for us.. i would def recommened this hotel to anyone thinking of staying in Hong Kong

we stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of March , using points. Due to a flight delay , we arrived in the evening , tired and hungry. After being escorted and checked-in into our rather small room for the 3 of us , we were advised that the hotel was under going some construction in various areas , including the pool from 9-6pm. We could , however use the pool next door at the Renaissance. We checked it out and did n't find it terribly convenient or attractive so we did not use it .

on its web page , it is acclaimed as one of the top hotels in the world. While this may be a slight exaggeration , the Intercontinental in Salisbury Road not to be confused with the Stanford Intercontinental in Mody Road , Kowloon , Hong Kong is still very very

we have just arrived home from a trip to Hong Kong and Thailand visiting family. We had a 2 night stay in this hotel - quite simply it was utterly amazing. My only stipulation when investigating where to stay was that it had to have a fantastic view of Hong Kong Island. The view we had from our deluxe harbourview room surpassed expectations - it was simply amazing as the attached photo 's hopefully show. Surely the best seats in town to watch the nightly light show from .

my wife and I stayed at the hotel for two nights in March 2007. We had booked using points and were delighted to be upgraded when we arrived. We were also able to book in at 10 : 30 in the morning. The room was spacious with a walk-in shower and bathtub. We also took advantage of the Club Intercontinental which provided a beautiful view of the Hong Kong skyline. The staff were incredibly friendly and attentive. The hotel was immaculate. Although undergoing some renovations which our room overlooked , we were never bothered by the noise. A great place to stay with one of the most scenic views of Hong .

wowsa , view view view .

greeted at the lobby of the InterContinental Hong Kong IC HK like we were celebrities , a hotel representative â € œ checked us â €  into our room bypassing the front desk routine on the sixth floor with a panoramic view of Victoria Harbor and Hong Kong Island. He advised us that the hotel was undergoing construction , which we already knew about , and that we may experience some noise during the day. Not one , but two bellmen delivered our four pieces of luggage before our â € œ in-room â €  check-in was complete--the first of many examples of China 's large and powerful service sector .

the IC HK is a hotel almost without peer. The standard of luxury is outstanding , the facilities are top notch and the service is beyond stellar whilst being sutble and discreet. To top it off , the location of this hotel affords it the finest views of Victoria harbour from Kowloon side .

we stayed for 5 nights over the Valentines period and were delighted with the hotel .

well , I 'm typing this in our junior suite at the Intercontinental and I really can not work out what the recent negative reviewers were looking at. Perhaps they stayed in the 'other ' Intercontinental in Hong Kong - the Grand Stanford... ca n't comment on that because we 've never been there .

we stayed 1 night in a Harbour view room. It 's true that the view is amazing , really fascinating so that 's a good point. The room itself is nice but would need some redecoration. It 's not at the level of Four Seasons for example. You can feel it has lived many years but still , it 's OK. It 's just not a good value for the money you pay in our case we paid 3800 + + HKD/night without breakfast .

we stayed at the InterContinental Hong Kong for 3 nights from December 14th. We had superior harbourview interconnecting rooms for oursleves and two children .

despite its reputation as being one of Hong Kong 's best , this hotel is one that is extremely over-rated and very poor value for the money. Service and quality are about equivalent to that of a 3 star hotel or 4 star at max . The impression is far from a 5 star deluxe hotel. The rooms , although large with magificent views of the harbor , are far from impressive. It is very dated and not at all befitting of the hotel 's reputation. Turndown service was overlooked or not provided I 'm not sure which is no big deal but somewhat of a standard expectation in a hotel of this price and category. Check-in was horrid , being very crowed and right in the center of the lobby. The feeling is that of a large convention hotel versus the luxury property they boast to be. For the same price or even less one can stay at the Peninsula across the street and be truly awed .

on reading BENLEE123 's review of this hotel , I decided to take the plunge and book into this hotel over the holidays in a HARBOUR VIEW SUITE as suggested. The room was dated , our harbour view was one little side view. I basicly fell for BENLEE 's comments because he/she stated that their favorite hotel was the Four Seasons and so is mine. Better than the FS , NEVER in a million years. We fled the buffet down stairs , however the conciege managed to secure us a table in the Steak Restaurant which was nice. The views are not as spectacular as other hotels in HK and after our stay in this hotel I would never book the IC in any country in the world again. I will stay with Four Seasons knowing that they will provide me with the best service and will compliment my vacation with Four Season style. When I tried to move locations the FS was booked , but we managed to stay at the Grand Hyatt HK and that was much better .

low rating for that hotel is a joke. I guess it 's &quot ; overpriced&quot ; for many,

hotel is very expensive - you are just paying for the view. This is a great view , but we would go cheaper next time. The room was clean , large , with great bathroom facilities , all the little touches had been thought out and noticed , room service very prompt and efficient. The only downside , was the reception area/lobby/lounge , as there are alot of non-residents coming in for afternoon tea , and it does n't matter that you are staying there and would like a table , or need a drink , you have to get to the back of the queue and wait. After searching the hotel for another bar area it was only 4pm and getting nowhere with the staff we left and went out for a drink instead. Also have to say that when you leave the hotel and wait at the main doors for a taxi , do n't expect the 10 or so staff to acknowledge you whatsoever , even though its there job to get you a car or taxi. Just to point out we were staying there for 4 days and each day was the same.... It â € ™ s very disorganized. Now we have done it we will stay elsewhere in future .

i had not stayed at this hotel since IC took it over a few years ago. My return was wonderful. The view from out floor to ceiling windows of Victoria Harbor was unmatched from any other hotel in HK and perhaps in any city in the world . We could almost touch the boats. The walkway in fron of the hotel is great for jogging. The Star Ferry is close by for a trip to Central and we did some of our Christmas shopping in the nearby malls. The best addion is Spoon , which I consider to be the best western retaurant in HK. The service was great and the guest relationship manager sent up a bottle of vintage chamagne for our anniversay. That made the trip memorable and I expect to stay at the IC for my future trips to HK .

i stayed in this hotel when it was a Regent. I was anxious to return , but the experience was just average. Nothing particular , but not the great experience I hoped , for. The breakfast buffet was superb , but not at the price of $ 71pp. You need something other than the great view of the harbor , for these prices .

my family and I stayed at the Intercontinental for two nights. The hotel was in an ideal location with easy access to adjacent shopping malls and the MTR. Somehow this property was extremely overrated. First , I have serious communication issues with the receptionist. They spoke decent English , yet poor Mandarin. It was fine for me to communicate in English with them , yet my mother and sister has a tough time communicating with the hotel staff. I found it to be chaotic that a five star hotel staff could not speak decent Mandarin. On the other hand , I was extremely disappointed at the room I original booked. The Superior Contemporary City view Room was very small with a poor view. The only views one can see are buildings. Yet this wasn â € ™ t the worst part. I requested for an extra bed in the room because there were three of us staying in the room. A few days prior arriving at the hotel , I phoned the hotel and requested the bed to be added in my room at 9 : 00PM , and the hotel honored my request. Nevertheless , during check in , the reception insisted to add the extra bed immediately. Secondly , the bathroom had leaking issues. Every time , after taking a shower or soaking in the tub , the bathroom is semi flooded already .

stayed here for 2 days Thanksgiving weekend , harbor view room. Really beautifully decorated room , stunning view. Service was professional throughout , but not as warm as Ritz-Carlton Hong Kong or Metropark Causeway Bay Hong Kong .

the Intercontinental was a BEAUTIFUL HOTEL , in a great location and amazing views of the Harbor. Unfortunately , this great experience was seriously poluted by a very negative customer service experience .

enjoyed our stay at Intercontinental as a stopover en-route to Australia. At the time of choosing the hotel we spent a great deal of time selecting the hotel with the best view. Upon walking into the Lobby area , we were hit by the most fantastic floor to ceiling windows and breathtaking view of Hong Kong island by night .

the location is perfect , with one of the most famous view in HK. Hotel style great. We went there in July 2006 for our honey moon trip in Asia and we were really welcome by the whole staff. The harbour view room is wonderful and allows great chill-out in front of the bay. Great service , rooms are perfect , It smells very good in the whole hotel. Swimming pool with a marvelous view , Nice beauty center , We went twice during our trip , the first in a superior harbour view room and the second tim in an executive suite. The rooms are great , clean , well designed... The Bar is really pleasant. We really recommend and will definitely go back. I tried a lot of hotels in HK and this one is the best for me. Very good for a romantic trip .

on a recent trip to HK , we had the opportunity once again to stay at the Intercontinental. I really do n't understand why this hotel is not in the top 5 hotels in HK. Perhaps its age ? Since its remodel I think the hotel is better than ever. The views are still spectacular , service is impeccable and the rooms have now been updated with the latest technology. What could be better. Well this past trip we stayed in a Suite with a view of the entire harbor. The room was beautifully appointed and included a jacuzzi tub , with its own harbor view. The tub was so big that 8 people could swim in ! Needless to say we didnt need the infiniti whirlpool on the 3rd floor , one day we will get there .

we have stayed in this hotel 3 times and it is by far the best hotel we have stayed in in Hong Kong total 4 others . Everything from the wonderful roof top pool to the waterside bar is just superb. Staff are friendly and helpful , cleanliness is exemplary , rooms and bathrooms are spacious , well provided and comfortable should add , have only stayed in harborside rooms . The location is excellent , convennient for the star ferry 3 mins , excellent art gallery 2 mins , star walk 1 min outside hotel , harbour view shopping mall 5 mins , metro 2mins .

the rooms overlook Hong Kong harbour and the views are absolutely fabulous. Deluxe bathroom , large contemporary rooms , comfortable beds. Very close to good shopping. I loved this hotel. Also the food was excellent in the restaurants. I had the use of the &quot ; executive level&quot ; amenities and they were wonderful too. Very friendly and accomodating staff .

we have just returned from our honeymoon where we spent 5 nights at the IC Hong Kong .

we loved our stay at this hotel. Unfortunately it was only one night but we loved every minute of it !

i stayed 2 nights between China and Singapore .

we stayed at this hotel as part of our honeymoon in July 2005. This is hotel is fantastic ! As soon we walked it the service was excellent. We were upgraded to a suite with the most spectacular view of HK harbour. It was fab opening the electric curtains in the morning and waking up to the sweeping view of the HK skyline. This hotel has the best views of the harbour anywhere in Kowloon. The light show was excellent from our suite window which was huge ! Breakfast in our room was amazing watching the chinese junks and star ferry go by the HK skyline -what a view. Stay here you will not go wrong. The staff are amazing and they simply cant do enough for you. Didnt use the resturants in the hotel that much so cant coment but you have to have tradtional DIM SUM lunch in Spoon , gets busy as locals come and eat here as it the place to be ! As we were on honeymoon they provided chilled champagne and came up to the room with beautiful white roses - how special was that !

we had a harbour view room on level 9 which had spectacular views however each morning at 9am we were woken up by the sound of drilling and jack hammers from the floors below and above and the noise and vibration continued all day until 6pm. There was no mention of the hotel undergoing renovations on the website when I booked the accomodation If I had known we would not have stayed there ! ! For very little extra you can book the Summer Package at The Peninsula Harbour View room with breakfast and two massages included and no noisy renovations. I wish we 'd done that .

had a fantastic stay at this 5 * Hotel. Taken straight to room on 16th floor to check-in and stunned by the unbeatable view of Hong Kong island. The room was superb with probably the best bed in the world ! Made to feel really special as this was part of a Far East trip to celebrate a 50th birthday. The Guest relations staff led by Mina Virda were fantastic and considering we have been to the Far East 4 times in the last 2 years we can thoroughly recommend this hotel. It is also a very short walk from the Star Ferry and is ideally placed .

we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the tail end of a very exhausting two week SE Asia trip. This was the icing on the cake. The views of the harbor are spectacular ! We booked a standard room , but because the hotel is doing renovations and the initial room they assigned us was loud , we were moved and fabulously upgraded to a 1.5 bath multi-room suite with a harbor view. The breakfast roomservice was amazing with HK Island in the background !

for our Honeymoon in Feb 2005 , we booked a Multi City Tour with a stop over in Hong Kong. We stayed at the Intercontinental Hotel , Kowloon , on the Club Floor. From the minute we arrived we experienced 5 Star service. The staff were very friendly and we were immediately escorted to our room. What a surprise the room was , it was night and our room had a floor to ceiling window with views over looking Hong Kong harbour. The view of the light show from the buildings on Hong Kong island was spectacular. We had booked the club floor and the level of service was beyond 5 star , the facilities and service of the club lounge were excellent , fine wines &amp ; champagnes and excellent food. The main bar of the hotel has the most spectacular views of Hong Kong island at night , well worth a visit for a drink. You don â € ™ t need to pay a premium to book into other high profile hotels in Kowloon for views of Hong Kong island , stay at the Intercontinental Kowloon and you won â € ™ t be disappointed !

spent 2 nights in a 70 sq metre Executive Suite , upgraded from a standard room due to my Royal Ambassador status. The refurbished rooms are fantastic bathrooms not redone but mine looked pretty new anyway . 37 inch TV , Bose hi-fi / DVD , antiques in the corner , very classy decor. The suite was triangular , with the long side being one long 30 foot window overlooking the harbour - astounding .

hong Kong was a short stop over for us for 2 nights , our expectations were truely met and all our needs catered for at this Hotel .

i stayed at the Intercontinental HK used to be the Regent for the second time in March 2006. The first time had been in 1985 and it was just as incredible as I had remembered....maybe even better ! ! ! ! ! While most people think of the Peninsula Hotel across the street ! as having the best location , I disagree. All of the 'harbour view ' rooms at the Intercontinental have floor to ceiling windows facing the most incredible view of the very active harbour and the Central district across the water. The 24 hour butler service was amazing , the concierge was always helpful with reservations , directions , etc. Have the hotel pick you up at the airport....well worh the US $ 100 after the 16 hr flight from JFK on Cathay Pacific , of course ! The rooms are magnificent , restaurants too. The breakfast buffet is one of the best in the world ! It is lacking nothing ! ! ! Tea in the lobby is a must too ! Hong Kong is an extremely easy city to navigate.....the MTR system is clean , efficient , safe......DO use it. And the TST stop is just a very short walk from the hotel. Yes , the hotel is very expensive , but very worth it. My only complaint is that they charge US $ 20 per day for internet connection. That seems ridiculous ! Would I go back to Hong Kong ? In a heartbeat ! Would I return to the Intercontinental ? Absolutely !

i recently returned after a one week stay at the Intercontinental Hong Kong , this place shows the rest of the world how to run a luxury hotel. As Ambassador Club member we were meet at the airport and whisked into the night after a 18 hour flight directly to our room for check-in. Great touch after a long flight. The View is by far the best in Hong Kong , the nightly laser/light show is not to be missed. The Buffet breakfast is probably one of the best in the World , The dinner is also impressive. The Bar with the View is amongst the best in the world for view,service,facilites,live music. It is convenient to everything. The pool and spa is world-class also. If it sounds like I am impressed by this place-you are correct. The steak house restaurant is great , and I am from Texas-where we know beef ! Over-all this place rocks.. .

stayed 2 nights and hated to leave ! We were so happy with the room--perfect view of the harbor and the sound and light show which is on every night at 8 , unbelievable breakfast which was included in the rate , even a dock for the ipod and great tv to watch the Academy awards. Location was excellent--Star Ferry within walking distance , and many many shopping opportunities near by. Lobby bar for the afternoon tea also included in our rate was just so relaxing and there is a separate section for non-smokers. Would definitely stay there again !

we booked the contemporary harbour view room and were not disappointed with the room or the view. The hotel is right on the waterfront on the Kowloon side and must have the best site of any of the hotels .

we booked ourselves into the Spoon restaurant for my Birthday and despit my husband informing all staff that it was a special occassion , not one person extended any congratulations .

i stayed at this hotel for a week last year...my experience was amazing ! The staff there is highly trained and ready to meet your requests at the drop of a hat. Try calling the front desk and asking for extra pillows..you will literally hear a knock at your door minutes later. The breakfast buffet was the best...they have the freshest fruits ! Enjoy a cup of tea to end the night at the Lobby Lounge and enjoy the fantastic view of the harbor..it 's breathtaking. Spoon is a great restaurant probably my favorite...order the set dinner menu..you wo n't be disappointed but definately stuffed at the end ! Yu is great for fish but i heard it 's about to close soon because Nobu is moving in. OHH ! ! the gym for you workout fanatics is incredible....the minute you step on a machine there will be someone there to bring you a towel and a bottle water..the spa is great too ! Ask for Judy...she can give a great deep tissue massage ! I hope this helps...it seriously is the best hotel in Hong Kong...even the locals would agree .

arrived as very weary travellers to be greeted by name from our coach and then sraight to our room , where check in took place with tea. Great start ! The harbour view room is a must and is truly an awesome view. The room other than that was spacious with a fantatstic bathroom. Choosing where to eat within the hotel was difficult as there is a great French restaurant and a fabulous chinese restaurant as well as seafood and others. The lobby bar gave us yet another chance to sit back and enjoy the views of the harbour. The rooftop pool is not to be missed simply for further scenery and the fact that you can watch the world go by below you !

no view like it , there is no doubt... but we had to struggle to get it ! Booked a Deluxe Harbour View , and expected an upgrade being an Ambassador Club member. Was offered a jr. suite in the corner of the 2nd floor , old room and certainly not the view I came for... lots of sighing as we pressed our point. Finally &quot ; found&quot ; a room on the 17th floor but demanded an extra fee for a &quot ; renovated room&quot ; which I had booked- I paid it unhappily and will write to IC about this , really absurd. However , the room WAS fabulous , double sized with terrific amenities. The bath was wonderful , plan on replicating it at home. Food was fabulous , by all means do include the buffet as it the best I saw in 42 days of travel around the world. The jacuzzis were very nice and the lobby bar was great , if difficult to get away from the heavy smokers. To sum up , hotel was lovely , service was good once I got past the check in desk difficulties , and all is forgotten once you see the harbour spread in front of you .

this was my first time in Hong Kong and did n't know where to stay but was given expert advice by people who have visited Hong Kong before .

beyond the exquisite room was unparalleled service. This is what a 5 star hotel should be like !

i may be biased as they gave us an upgrade to a junior suite and a bottle of champagne as it was our honeymoon , but this was a brilliant hotel. The view of hong kong harbour is the best I 've seen from anywhere in hong kong .

just finished a five night visit , the first time since it was a regent hotel a few years ago. i switched from the peninsula after changing travel dates and the pen could n't guarantee a deluxe harbor view room. i was a bit concerned afte reading a few negative comments about room condition , however i was relieved to see that at least all the renovated rooms are just as nice or nicer than during the earlier times and management. according to the hotel , 65 % of the rooms have been renovated , so i would be sure to confirm one of them if staying there. i think the extra money for a harbor view room is well worth it and is the only way to go. would also recommend that you book a rate that includes the buffet breakfast since it 's about $ 40 per person otherwise... that said , the buffet is probably the most spectacular i saw in a month traveling around s.e. asia and hong kong. it does seem that the bathrooms , which are very large and have sunken tubs and a separate shower , are still the original pink and cream marble , but they seem to be in perfect condition. all in all , i really do n't think you can top this hotel for location , right along the new waterfront promenade , five minutes from the star ferry , and close to all the action in kowloon. unless business dictates a hong kong island hotel , for most visitors kowloon is where you want to be. the service is up to top deluxe standards in every respect , although in the typical hurry hurry hong kong manner. the large screen plasma tv in the room was a great advantage , with a complete stereo and movie cd system built in , along with a good selection of news and business channels , although espn was in chinese. all in all , i do n't think i would go back to the peninsula as long as i could get another deluxe harbor view at the intercon for about $ 200 less .

stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and enjoyed at immensly. It is true that the room decoration and furniture is in a pretty poor state , however the view from the lobby bar are amazing. We stayed in a junior suite and had a wonderful view over to Hong Kong Island. The food was good and the service was exceptional. A good location for exploring Hong Kong and getting the star ferry to HK Island. The infinity pool is anice touch with great views over HK Island. The staff could not have been more helpful and directed us to good restaurants when we wanted to eat out. I would stay again in the future especially when the room have all been refurbished .

this hotel has that typically outdated foyer which is unfortunately found in too many far eatern hotels. We were in awe of them in the 80 's/90 's , now we 're tired of them .

stayed here for 4 nights from 15th June. Checking in service top class. Due to re furbishment of hotel we were given an inward facing room. This is ok if you want peace and quiet ,but view is of a blank wall. Swimming pool is also out for repair. I would class this as just an average city hotel situated in an area handy for sightseeing and not noisy even although construction work on the building and road outside is taking place .

