where to begin , from the moment we arrived and walked into the foyer we felt we were at home ; it was that welcoming and comfortable .

the location of this hotel is not the best - but , our overall experience was positive. We stayed on the club floor. Check-in was super fast and efficient , our room was large , the bed was comfortable had the most wonderful pillows I 've ever slept on ! , comfortable chair with ottoman and reading lamp , nice bathroom amenities , The club lounge was terrific - a wide variety of well prepared foods with friendly and helpful staff , with a beautiful view of the harbor. The main lobby is a bit boisterous , and I would n't describe the decor as understated .

i stay 4 nights . Hotel , room , service , breakfast all is super. Highly recommended ! ! ! ! ! !

went to Hong Kong with my Mum in February 2009 and it was absolutely amazing ! Would love to go back some day. The people are friendly , the food is fantastic and there is so much stuff to see and do you are never bored !

i stayed with my family : brother , sister in law and small nephew .

intercontinental Grand Stanford Hong Kong was quite a disappointment and unsurpassed by any other Intercontinental hotels I have visited. I didn ‚ Ä ô t find the five-star hotel environment promised neither the friendly staff. The check in was not the most pleasant experience and the room we stayed in for two days was rather old and unpleasant. It may be perfectly located , but we did not enjoy the hotel to the same extent as we did in other Intercontinentals around the world .

the hotel is magnificent and one of the best in Hongkong. Service is incredible and you will find all friendly staff. Overall extremely Luxurious hotel to stay in Hongkong .

we stayed here for four day and three nights. Our room was big , clean and the bed is to die for ! The views from our room where awesome .

the hotel lobby is large but a bit old , the front desk was busy but the receptionist was nice and spent time to escort us to the club level to check in even she was busy - good and helpful. Check-in procedure was smooth but we were not being introduced any hotel facilities e.g. swimming pool and restaurants in the hotel. We can access to the club anytime for drinks and snacks from early morning until almost midnight , however , staffs there were not nice enough to provide us any drinks especially one of the male staff , I think we should apologize to him as we had ‚ Ä ú bother ‚ Ä ù him to make us drinks , maybe we were not welcomed. Female staffs chatted and laughed very loud at the reception area and nearly everywhere can hear them in the entire club , we just worried is this Intercontinenal hotel ? Staffs were not professional and poor service mindset , it is not acceptable in a so-called 5 stars hotel , only a mid-aged male staff was nice and professional , the hotel needs more mature staffs like him and more training for the staffs is needed. It is worth to pay more to stay another intercontinental ‚ Ä ì the real intercontinental ! ! ! !

treated like Royal at this hotel. Views are amazing from the room , conveniently located next to a SOGO and TSIM EAST station .

i am a Platinum member with Starwood Hotels and even as nice as their beds are , they do not beat Intercontinental 's Grand Stanford Hotel 's beds. Great firm mattresses , huge pillows , wonderful down blankets gave me a wonderful sleep everynight. Upon arrival , my husband fell ill due to drinking the water in another part of China. During his stay , the staff could not have been more attentive and caring. Our 11th floor room maid , &quot ; Ying&quot ; was especially helpful and treated my husband considerately everyday given his inability to leave the hotel room. She replenished extra hand towels everyday and did all she could to make sure my husband was comfortable. The hotel also serves a wonderful breakfast for those that have it included in their stay. Great breakfast selections for all types of appetites. Rooms are excellently decorated and the Harbor View rooms are worth every penney. Hong Kong at night is especially beautiful. The Concierge is more than happy to direct you to wherever you may want to go. One particularly good tip he gave was the Sticky Finger Bar half a block away with a terrific band. I would not hesitate to reccomend this hotel to anyone traveling to the area .

i was a bit worried about this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor about it , but was pleasantly surprised .

i booked the intercontinental thinking it was the only one in Kowloon till the taxi driver from the airport and dumped my wife and i in front of the Intercontinental on Salisbury road. I entered that lobby where the restaurant was humming with activity at 10 : 30 at night with guests enjoying live music overlooking the water only to be told by the front desk that I was registered at the InterContinental the Grand Stanford. I said I was an &quot ; Ambassador&quot ; member and asked if the reservation could be switched as I did not want to get into another cab after a long flight. The hotel said no to that .

so my friend and I decided to visit Asia in May 2008. We chose 3 countries - Hong Kong , Singapore , Thailand and then back to Hong Kong for the journey back to the states. The tour company selected the Renaissance Kowloon as the Hotel of choice in Hong Kong. On our way home , we decided to stay 3 extra days in Hong Kong and wanted a different hotel experience , so we had booked the Intercontinental before leaving the states. We paid a total of 1,200 for three 3 days. IT WAS NOT WORTH IT .

i am actually staying now at this property , as part of a two nights award. I must say that before arriving I was expecting a barely 4 * hotel , based on the reviews found here on Tripadvisor. Well , all I wan na say is : this hotel is beautiful .

loved the attention , loved the rooms and also the city ! !

the first thing about this hotel that made an impression was the staff. Everyone from the bellboys , the people at the front desk and concierge , the waiters/waitresses and the people from housekeeping were very courteous and extremely helpful. They were always very ready to be of assistance and exerted a lot of effort to attend to the needs of their guests. We lost something on the Airport Express prior to our arrival at the hotel and the people of the hotel volunteered to try to locate what we had lost by contacting the train company themselves. All throughout our 5-day stay , we received excellent service from all of the members of their staff .

this was a great hotel in a great location and I would definitely stay there again. I picked up the rate through asiarooms.com and this included a free breakfast each day. The breakfast was very good as it was a buffet with lots of fresh food both local and tourist friendly .

on a recent trip to Hong Kong my partner and I stayed at the Grand Stanford for three nights with access to the club lounge facilities .

we 3 of us stayed here for 4 nights and had a great time. The hotel is luxurious and the service was excellent. We made good use of the sun deck and swimming pool area which were fantastic. We used the hotel as a base and the location was great for Star Ferry and lots of shopping. To be right in the thick of it I think it would have been better to be on the Island itself but we were happy to be slightly removed from it .

i stayed in this Hotel for 2 nights. The check-in was going quick , reception looks nice and so does the lobby of this big business hotel. The staf was very friendly and professionel. The room I had singe , two bed room was about 25 meters , so it was not really big to say so. The view however was stunning ! I had a view over the Hong Kong skyline witch ofcouse at night is very beautyfull .

this was our second trip to Hong Kong and this time to celebrate my wife,s birthday .

we stayed here for three nights after being on a cruise ship for 14 nights. The service was great and the room was lovely with a marvellous view of the harbour. Only about a ten minute walk to the centre of Kowloon although there is a free shuttle service you can take advantage of .

i bought this trip to Hong Kong from an agency in Bangkok , and they offered several hotels. I choosed this hotel after reading the reviews in Tripadvisor .

we enjoyed 2 nights in this hotel on our way home from New Zealand. While I enjoyed my stay here I was a little surprised that the rooms were quite dated for such a plush hotel. Having said that this was the only downfall. The hotel is in a prime location with plenty of shops just around the corner and only a 10 minute walk from harbour city and the ferrys. The staff were fantastic and we were treated like royalty. We were not flying until 11pm on our last day and so we asked could we check out at 1pm , this was no problem also when we were checking out we were able to store our luggage at reception and when we came back at 8pm that evening they offered us the leisure centre to refresh and have showers before our flight. I thought this was excellent service as we had checked out that morning and it meant we were fresh going on our 12 hour flight. The chinese restaurant here is also good and probably the best food we hand in Hong Kong. Heated swimming pool on roof top is small but really nice

my wife and I stayed in this hotel for 9 nights in August 2009.At first we were given a room close to the lift and the house keeping room.When we complained about the level of noise they gave us another room the next day.This room was much quieter .

what a luck when my husband and i had this magnificent view of victoria harbours just superb and we enjoy the chinese restaurant . So easy to walk even just cross bridge we can see the the movie walk and it just a beautiful experience .we really enjoy our stay .

good location , lovely rooms. Great service and supplement for harbour view worth it

stayed here for 5 nights on Far East Trip. Alsways stay at this hotel in HK and stayed here many many times .

i 've stayed at many Intercontinentals and was expecting this one to have all rooms refurbished with their new look , LCD screens etc. Instead the room was the original staid room overdue for refurb and still 4-5 star prices. I believe the Exec floors had been refurbed , but cost alot more. The rooms are about 26 sq m , adequate would have been plush in their day , and clean. We had a harbourview room and it was worth it with a great vista of HK. The cafe was fine , although better food or buffets can be found elsewhere. Although there are plenty of eating places and some shopping around , the big malls and street shopping are 15 mins walk away , as is the MTR. Be prepared to use up time travelling. Has a rooftop small pool with no outlook. Fitness centre OK .

we rated this second of the five hotels we stayed at on our China trip - beaten easily , though , by its sister hotel in the Financial District of Beijing. The best feature was the view from our room - and a bonus was watching the Olympic Torch relay from the comfort of our own room !

get an Octopus Card and Airport Express train ticket at the airport from the attendant not the machine

we were booked into the Stanford after researching on TA and looking for a big room in a good location , not too busy but easy to get around .

we arrived from Tokyo , and our bags where missing

we stayed there for 10 days. We really had a good experience with the hotel. The service was excellent , especially the boys in the Gym &amp ; Swimming Pool. They are very polite , kind , and helpful .

we [ 3 adults and 2 children ] stayed for 7 nights in 2 interconnecting rooms with a view over the harbour. The view was all that I expected of the harbour and the lights at night were something to see. The children were kept busy watching the boats coming and going. Staff were great , and helpful. Food pretty good , but the Italian restaurant expensive. Rooms were good , beds comfortable , bathrooms perhaps requiring an update. Shower curtains are a thing of the past .

our stay at the IC was gr8. The Check in was swift , the rooms were clean and nice , the staff were very courteous and helpful . My family totally loved the hotel and its location as shopping and eating were very accessible from there. Special mention of thanks to Pheonix and Crystal from the front desk for their good work .

i stayed here with my mum and sister. The rooms were of a great size and the bathroom was very nice ! The lobby is quite small but the staff were very friendly and accommodating .

we arrived at our hotel a little jaded but were welcomed with excellent service. The guy at reception also appeared with a teddy for our four year old which was a lovely touch .

i stayed with my wife and daugther age 10 and son age 7 for 4 nights in April , 2009. We stayed on the Kowloon side so that our kids could see the amazing harbor view accross to Hong Kong Island , although we much prefer the Hong Kong side .

we booked intercontinental after friends talked highly of the hotel. little did we know that a scam awaited us when we arrived therein. intercontinental is in kowloon area of hong kong and the scam that awaited us was that we were booked in intercontinental grand standford which is also in kowloon and two buildings away from the main intercontinental ! were rather disappointed for we had a 7 day stay and the rooms were way to small from what we had seen online on the intercontinental site !

i stayed at this hotel with my husband for 3 nights in April 2009. We arrived at the hotel late evening and got off to a rather bad start. The reception staff were fairly busy but I felt like they were ignoring us as we were looking a bit weary after a long flight. I had booked the hotel with ebookers months before our trip for a great price. When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist wanted to charge me for our stay again , as ebookers were claiming that my card had declined despite me paying 8 months previously. I explained the situation and had paperwork with me to prove this but I felt I had to be rather assertive. The problem was n't really anything to do with us but a dispute between ebookers and the hotel , as ebookers had given me a really good deal but then the hotel had put up its prices. Anyway , the hotel sorted it all out without too much hassle but I felt it marred our stay there as I was treated rather snootily as ebookers had tried to make out my card had declined when this was n't the case .

this wo n't be the most extensive of reviews , however though I would share a couple of points :

we stayed at the Intercontinental Gran Stanford for Valentines Day 2009. It also coincided with my girlfriend 's birthday and the IGS helped make it a memorable experience. While we reserved a Harbour View room , we were upgraded to an Executive Harbour View room which is one of the largest I have ever stayed in. It had a gigantic window with wonderful views of Hong Kong Island and its beautiful skyline. Concierge was very helpful in aiding our journey to the main part of Hong Kong as the hotel is located in TsimShatSui. The interior of the hotel is first rate with very expensive restaurants and nice cars parked outside at the valet. Our only negative with the IGS would be its location. While the hotel is very nice , the surrounding area does not appear to be the best part of town. In addition , the walk to the Star Ferry is substantial about 1 mile , but of course taxis are available for very reasonable costs. Otherwise , the hotel provided a excellent stay for us and would definitely consider it for a stay in the future .

excellent Hotel , good service. Rooms very nice , although a separate shower is missing. Internet is via WLAN , iChat and Skype friendly. Only few Hotels allow iChat through their firewall. This one does - great !

my wife and I stayed here for our recent trip. We split up our trip between Kowloon and HK island. The hotel for the other part of our trip was the Marriott Courtyard on Connaught Pl in HK Island. Overall here are my impressions :

did n't quite have enough points for the other Intercontinental that sits in a prime position on Hong Kong Harbor , but this &quot ; sister&quot ; property just a few minutes walk away was more than adequate. My room had a nice view of the harbour ; the only minus was that the top floor is not accessible by elevator so I had to walk up and down a flight of stairs to get to and from the room. Room was very comfortable--no complaints .

the extra long feather pillows cured my insomnia in an instant ! Simply the best pillow ever , anywhere in the world .

feeling weary from our overnight flight we were delighted when the staff seemed to be

i stayed here for 4 nights with my wife during a business trip. This is an excellent hotel... very well run , efficient , friendly , clean and good ambience .

i booked this hotel after reading all the great reviews about the Intercontinental on here. I spotted that there were two Intercontinentals in Hong Kong and assumed one was on the island and the other in Kowloon. On arrival discovered my mistake ‚ Ä ì both are in Kowloon and both overlook the Harbour and I had booked the more lowly rated one !

the service is first class at all levels - rooms to a high standard - requests dealt with immediately and professionally - did n't have a view from the room but did n't request or pay for one - easy walk to main shopping on Nathan Road or MTR - transfers available from airport - excellent stay

it was a surprising large room with harbour view. We like it , especially my young children. Room rate was very reasonable. Staff were always ready to walk a 2nd mile. We enjoyed the heated pool very much. It was pretty cold in the evening , and the pool staff brought us the extra towels to us warm even without asking. MTR was quite a long walk , we rather took cabs which were inexpensive. There were also public buses just outside the hotel to places of interest. Shuttle services were also provided to shopping areas at interval hours. Good value for money !

after testing many mid to high priced hotels in Hong Kong I have found IC Grand Stanford to be one of the best value. At times it can be had for a price of Holiday Inn Golden Mile - and it is a far superior hotel .

the hotel is a standard business hotel , slightly disappointing as I had expected higher standards of a sister hotel of the famed Intercontinental Hong Kong down the road. The lobby is quite small and does n't have any hint of a sea view. The rooms are smallish with a normal bathroom with tub-shower combination. We had booked the base &quot ; Garden View&quot ; room which I did n't realize actually looked on to an interior courtyard with some kind of garden , and a wall on the other side. Which means you do n't get to see the city or anything. At least this area has a skylight so you know if it 's day or night !

very nice hotel that is maintained well and has great views. I would have given this hotel a 4 or 5 if it had not been for the concierge .

ive just returned from a HK holiday and had booked this hotel primarily as got a good rate for a Standard 2-Double bed room. The room size is big for Hong-Kong , the location is good with several eating joints around and next to the harbour. Its a 10 mins walk from the nearest MTR which I found to be a problem dragging my 5 yr old daughter especially when coming back tired from our excursions. For the standard room , there is absolutly no view , all you see is a wall and a wee-bit of the harbour , the charge was HKD 500/night extra for the Harbour view so we hadnt taken it but we didnt expect that the non-harbour view would be a view of a wall ! ! ! The decor is a bit jaded as its an old hotel but otherwise neat and nice , and the staff is efficient and courteous. The rooftop pool is smallish but good for kids. Overall a decent hotel if you can get a good rate. Otherwise , the nearby Shangri-la has better view rooms and next to the MTR .

great Kowloon location , good business hotel , rooms a bit on the dated side , but all well maintained and I think one of the best managed hotels in Hong Kong. Club lounge is very good , even though they now charge heavily for the privilege. Only area a bit weak on is the pool and relaxation area. But then again it is a business hotel !

my wife and I stayed here after a month long trip around the world. The hotel ably assisted us with transfers from the Airport upon arrival and from the moment we stepped through the front door of the hotel we were treated like royalty .

i chose this Hotel as I put alot of time into reading all reviews to ensure I picked a lovely hotel because it was my parents first visit to Hong Kong and I wanted to ensure they had a lovely stay in a lovely Hotel .

we stayed at the InterContinental for 8 days and loved our stay. My husband travels a lot and is quite picky about hotels but did n't have a single complaint. We had a great view and the staff was very courteous.Will definitely go back .

my partner and I recently enjoyed 4 nights at the Grand Stamford Intercontinental at TST , Hong Kong SAR , China .

a bit of shaky start to our stay as they tried to put us into a smoking room but after that , the staff could not be more helpful. The rooms were quiet and well appointed with a huge flat screen TV. Bathroom was spotless and toiletry supplies excellent including loafah sponge. We did n't have a harbour view but spent most of our days shopping so did not miss the view. Hotel is on the waterfront so very pleasant to walk at night to see the lights of Hong Kong Harbour. Close to Tsim Tsa Tsui East station - about 5 min walk , shops and restaurants including Starbucks. Breakfast was very good which became the highlight of our day .

i have been through HK on business a lot in the last few months and found the Grand Stanford when the other hotel i was using was fully booked .

  location at reasonable walking distance from most activities in Kowloon/TST area. Mind the confusion : there is another InterContinental 10 mins walk , closer to Star Ferry area. This one goes under Grand Stanford. The other IC is likely a few notches higher ranked , although the Grand Stanford does n't do bad .

recently stayed at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford in Hong Kong. We booked through Expedia with 6 weeks notice requesting a room which would accommodate 3 single beds. I confirmed this with the hotel in advance asking for a proper bed not a rollaway as we were staying for 8 days .

we spent the last 2 nights in this hotel prior to our return trip to Vancouver , Canada. We made reservation and selected advanced prepaid deal from the hotel website , around 3 weeks prior to check-in date. The advance prepaid would give you the best value especially if you are looking for rooms facing the famous victoria harbour , and within reasonable background viewing of the landmark hong kong convention centre. We paid around HK $ 2600/night , inclusive breakfast limited to 2 adults , and room taxes which was equivalent of US $ 330/night. Considering other 5-star hotels along the harbour in either TsimTsaTsui or across harbour in central area shangri-la , mandarin oriental , JW Marriott , Conrad , etc charging around US $ 400 - US $ 500/night for harbour view room , this got to be the best lowest rate IF you must have the harbour view .

travelling to Honkers with my business partner , we were there for a conference and a little R&amp ; R. The hotel limo picked us up as requested after a short wait on arrival at the airport. The limo was a late model Benz with a courteous driver who supplied us with nice classical music on route to the hotel. Well worth the money at $ 70 Australian compared with $ 50 for a red cab .

our 3 night stay at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford Hotel in Hong Kong was part of an extension package we purchased as part of our group tour visit to China. Overall our stay at this hotel was very pleasant and enjoyable .

i upgraded to a harbour view room. Well worth the extra $ when staying a week. Great to watch harbour traffic in early morning with a coffee and a free newspaper and I never got tired of the night lights across the harbour. Pool was a welcome oasis during hot July days

stayed for two nights. Check was ok but not the same friendliness we experienced at the Disneyland Hotel. Room was nice with a bad view - looked into an office block .

we stayed five night at the Grand Stanford on two visits as stopovers on the way to and from the USA in June/July 2008. We took an airport shuttle bus from the airport direct to the hotel , which was relatively cheap , but so very easy early in the morning in a strange country. This is well advised .

we stayed at the InterContinental on May 27 , 28 and 29 , 2008. All I can say is &quot ; wow.&quot ; By far one of the nicest hotels we have ever visited. Service is excellent front desk staff helpful , room service exceptional , maid service-thorough . Upon arrival , we had a short wait for our room 10-15 minutes . We had reserved a king bed , non-smoking , harbourview room well worth the extra charge . We were assigned room 929. The room itself is very good size and comfortably laid out. The bed and linens were fabulous. The view was just breathtaking great to watch the light show . The room had a bit of a musty smell , but quickly &quot ; aired out&quot ; as we came and went. Very quiet hotel. Breakfast buffet was AMAZING ! So many choices and different items each day. Service was prompt and efficient. Breakfast area is a bit cozy , but fine. Hotel even arranged 5 : 30 AM room service for us on the day we departed , since the buffet would not yet be open....no extra charge. We did not eat meals , other than breakfast at the hotel. Plenty of close-by dining options at lower cost. One evening we got &quot ; to go&quot ; from Delifrance just across the plaza from the hotel and a bottle of wine and dessert from the bake shop/fine foods shop side entrance at the Royal Garden Hotel just up the street and had a picnic in our room. Plenty to see and do in Hong Kong. Victoria Peak and Stanley Market are a must . I had a suit made at Sam 's Tailor 94 Nathan Rd. . We enjoyed exploring the City Temple Street Night Market , great fun . Can also recommend lunch or dinner at Contro Italian Restaurant in the plaza right beside the hotel great menu , good service , delicious food . Hotel is ideal location for exploring beautiful walkway along harbor . Ca n't say enough about the great time we had here. Only downsides : if you are unlucky and get a room with a view of the overpass....your harbourview is slightly obstructed. Coincierge is very stuffy....he did help us with reservations and a couple of questions , but we had the impression he would much prefer to deal with business travelers than tourists. This is an excellent hotel with a mix of both travelers. Highly recommend .

we stayed at the hotel for 4nights , and had a brilliant time. The hotel is fab. We had a full harbour view room which is lovely , good size bathroom , huge bed , tv , mini bar etc , and great to watch the light show in the evening. We went room only and paid for breakfast at the hotel which offered a good selection of buffet food .

hotel is very classy and tasteful. We chose to upgrade to a suite but our suite was very noisy. When we complained we were upgraded at no extra cost to an even better room. Staff were lovely. They did have issues with their billing service though and we had to query the bill more than once. Pool and gym were great. Rendevous buffet dinner and breakfast outstanding .

we stayed at the beautiful Intercontinental Grand Standford Kowloon HK , for our wedding anniversary and we were upgraded to a Suite with Harbour View . We have a great experience our room so clean and we had champagne on arrival + chocolate cake they are so thoughtful Hotel. The Club facility is first class and the staff helpful and informative. We travel extensively and this Hotel set a standard by which we will judge other luxury hotel. We even have some great food in the Restaurant and are planning to return later this year. This Hotel so close to everything to the Tsim Sat Sthui Shopping centre , Disneyland and Pandas only took 1 hour ..just use taxi cheap there .

there is nothing wrong with this hotel it is as you would expect an intercontinental hotel to be , comfortable , professional staff and very nice rooms .

we stayed at this hotel at the end of an extended tour of China and , following advise elsewhere , booked a harbour view room. The additional expense was money well spent and we had lots of time watching the traffic in the harbour as well as enjoyed the views on Hong Kong side .

we absolutely loved the Intercontinental Grand Stanford hotel. We stayed there for five nights on our way back from Italy to Australia. The room was very comfortable , the service superb and we were completely delighted with the view from our harbour view room which kept us entertained at all times with all sorts of ships and boats coming and going .

stayed here for two nights en-route to Australia .

this is a lovely hotel with probably the best service of any hotel I have encountered. Whilst service standards at top hotels in Hong Kong are legendary , this hotel certainly meets and exceeds those standards .

we stayed at the Grand Stanford Intercontinental for 6 nights during President 's week in February. I loved everything about this hotel. It was truly a 5 star hotel at a 4 star price. We paid 1630 HKD/room/night for a rate that included breakfast. We took 2 rooms because we were traveling with our 3 children. I looked into many other hotels before we booked the Grand Stanford and it was literally half the price of the other major chains like the Marriott and the Sheraton and the other Intercontinental. At the Grand Stanford we could have paid 1400 HKD/room/night if we did n't have the breakfast included but I 'm so glad we chose to. The buffet breakfast every morning was amazing. The food was so varied and delicious that even after eating it for 6 days in a row we missed the food when we got home ! It really filled you up for the day. It is about a 10 minute walk to the Star Ferry and about an 8 minute walk to Nathan Rd but we are good walkers and we walked miles and miles a day so the little bit extra did n't bother us at all. I was really impressed that when we checked in and went up to our rooms they were adjoining as requested and the door was opened between the two. I had emailed the hotel in advance about this and it really showed me that somebody was listening. Also the week we went the pool happened to be closed for maintenance and I spoke with the management about this because my children were really excited about swimming in the rooftop pool. They did their best to make it up to us. They paid for a cab there and back to the sister Intercontinental hotel and we used the pool there. They also bought us dinner for our trouble and I though that was VERY generous of them. We decided to prebook their car from the airport to the hotel for 650 HKD and it was waiting for us when we arrived. That was a nice plus but you can easily take a cab for roughly half the amount. You ca n't go wrong either way - I thought it was great that the person who met us outside of customs brought bottled water for us - what a nice touch ! We booked a 1/2 day city sightseeing tour from Able tours which was the in house tour operator of the hotel. It was a relaxing thing to do on our first day there and pretty reasonable - about 30 USD per person. We were upgraded to a harbor view room because we are Ambassador Club members. The view was amazing ! The beds were super comfortable and the bathrooms were marble and very lovely. We loved our visit to Hong Kong and we loved coming back to this wonderful hotel every night to rest our tired feet ! I highly recommend the Grand Stanford Intercontinental . Great stay ! ! ! !

my room was on the 10th floor overlooking the harbour. The view during the day was good , but not brilliant due to the Hong Kong haze. But at night it is spectacular. You ca n't see the main skyscrapers at the western end of the island , but there are plenty of other buildings that are part of the impressive 8.00pm lightshow .

stayed here a few times on business , nice hotel , have stayed at the Eaton and Royal Garden also. Royal Garden my fave only cos of the fab new refurbished rooms on top floor and amazing roof top pool. But Grand Stanford a fave amongst my colleagues , Western hotel , good brekkie , typical cheesy singers entertaining the guests in Tiffanys Bar in an evening , great foyer for meetings , nice afternoon tea , nice rooftop pool but smaller than the neighbours , comfy bed i slept well 6th floor and above ... .

the hotel 's location is very good , the view from the windows is really nice. HOwever the rooms are quite small , they are clean and confortable. The bathroom is small , but also clean and okay. The breakfast is nice , no complaints : - I would definitely recommend it for business trips !

very nice hotel , location is on the mainland about 10 mins walk from the star ferry terminal which takes you to Hong Kong Island. If you can try and get a harbour view room as the views of the Hong Kong skyline are stunning !

we have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford. I booked this hotel based on the reviews I read from Trip Advisor and Frommer 's. The hotel exceeded my expectations ! We were fortunate to have been upgraded to a harbor-view room and the view from our room was magnificent. Check-in service was excellent -- very efficient , warm and polite. The room was a good size , the beds and pillows were very comfortable , and the bathroom had nice amenities. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and relatives and would certainly stay here again on my next Hong Kong visit. This hotel definitely gives the best value for your money ! The same kind of luxury and view ! would easily cost you at least USD $ 200 more at comparable hotels .

i liked this hotel stayed many times for business purpose mainly

always great to stay at Grand Stanford. Rooms are excellent and location brilliant. Close to Nathan Rd but also a little away from the hussle. Service is brilliant. Have stayed here on most visits to Hong Kong over the past 5 years and never regretted

we recently stayed 4 nights here. Overall very pleased with our experience. This is a luxurious hotel that probably falls somewhere between Hotel Nikko and Intercontinental the other one in Tsim Sha Tsui . The view from our room was great although not as spectacular as from Peninsula or the other Intercontinental. Including tax , our total rate per night for a harborview room was just about $ 400USD even per night. Certainly not cheap. But when you consider that a harborview room at Peninsula and the other Intercontinental runs at least $ 200 more per night , the Grand Stanford was what we decided on and it was the right choice for us in retrospect .

we have just returned from a 6 night stay at the Grand Stanford that included the new year. We booked two club rooms with a harbour view for ourselves and our two sons based on previous complimentary tripadvisor reviews and a decent price .

after doing much research on Hong Kong hotels we selected the Grand Stanford. We booked two Club Level Rooms with harbor views. Definitely well worth the price. The service we received was truly amazing. Although the hotel was fully booked , not a day went by that we were n't greeted by name by hotel employees. Even our children 10 , 12 , &amp ; 14 who are n't easily impressed had the time of their lives. I felt that the location was perfect for us. It is about a 10 minute walk to Nathan Road , however , there are so many people walking around that area that I appreciated our hotel 's location. It was nice to just step outside and not be immediately in a crowd. The rooms were immaculate , good size and very comfortable. Even though it 's a 16 hour flight from where we live , we 'd be back on a plane to Hong Kong &amp ; the Grand Stanford in a heartbeat ! You wo n't be disappointed staying here .

great location , spacious rooms , very nice view if you have a harbour view , it was the third time I stayed in this hotel. There is no indoor pool , just the outside pool on the roof. Prices are rather high , especially during trade fairs. Great hotel , especially for business travellers

stayed at this hotel for the second time in 2 years and was glad to be back with my girlfriend.The Hotel is on the Kowloon side which i prefer to Hong Kong Island.Some previous reviews of this hotel i think have been unfair regarding to hotels location.The hotel is 10 minutes walk to the nearest MTR Station and around 15 minutes walk to to the Star Ferry walking through Tsim Tsa Chui promenade which offers one of the great views of the world their is also a high speed ferry to Central Hong Kong

visited HK for leisure and chose Hotel Grand Standford as I am an IC ambassador. Upgraded to a deluxe room , which is a corner unit and it was bigger than normal rooms. Room was clean though the window faced the opposite South Seas building , but I was n't complaining as HK has started X'mas celebrations and all the buildings opposite the hotel was decorated with beautiful X'mas lightings. Service was impeccable ! All service staff , from managers to concierge , were attentive and made the stay very memorable and pleasant for my family and I. Location was great ! it was only a 5 min walk to KCR and MTR station , plus , ferry service to Central 5mins ride can be taken at a ferry terminal located just outside the hotel. Many restaurants , shops around the hotel , with DFS just opposite , so I do n't understand why there are many complains on the location .

a 5 day business trip to Hong Kong , and the hotel room was the weakest part of the trip. The view was the windowless side of another building. The carpet showed extreme wear in the traffic areas by the door , by the bathroom , in front of the TV . Water pressure was low in the shower. All of this would have been acceptable if I was not paying $ 200 + USD / night , and I had not already spent 30 nights in other ICH Hotels in 2007 .

not a bad hotel. Rooms were nice. We unfortunately had a room that looked out on an office building rather than the harbor. They did n't seem to make the most of their location .

i use the hotel in a business trip , I found it great . Very clean very comfortable beds and pillows . Perfect .

this hotel is beautiful. Obviously a touristy hotel that has a very Asian style luxury to it. The rooms are quite large , the bathrooms spacious , and the views were pretty good can see parts of Hong Kong Harbour . Only major problem is location : it 's not that bad , you can walk 10mins to get to the main part of Kowloon 's shopping areas , but the main InterContinental hotel that 's right on the Harbour has a better location .

i stayed at the Intercontinental Grand Staford in Hong Kong as an Ambassador Member. My uprade was a lower floor 5th floor directly looking into an old office building. So much for the promised upgrades of the Ambassador rewards program .

our experience with this hotel &amp ; staff started off wonderfully ! ! We arrived at the hotel , via airport express train &amp ; subway , at 7am after our 14 hour flight from LAX. Our plan was to simply leave our bags with the porter &amp ; begin exploring , check-in was not until 2pm. BUT ! ! ! Our room was ready &amp ; we were allowed to check-in right then no extra charge . What a blessing. That right there won me over on the hotel. But let 's move on .

great views of the harbour/city , great service , great hotel , great room , great food , great bar , great facilities , great location , clean , comfortable , modern and the staff were always as helpful as they could be. It felt like a 5 star hotel but without a 5 star price. When I go back to HK assuming the prices are the same or similar I will definately stay there next time .

i dont really know where to start because there is so many great things to say about this hotel and the whole city !

i recently spent 3 nights at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford during July 07. My expectations were quite high given the strong experiences I ‚ Ä ô ve had with other Intercontental hotels and I left very satisfied wit hthe experience .

recently arrrived back from a weeks stay at the IC Grand Stanford , and was more than pleased with our stay. We searched and read many reviews on trip advisor before settling upon this hotel .

this hotel does n't have family room , With two teenagers , we had to book 2 rooms cost us $ 340 per night room only , no meal form advance booking. My friends paid $ 550 per night. The two non-connecting rooms we got on the 4th floor were both really smelly. The sewage smell backed up to the room the minute we flushed the toilet. We were disappointed with the price we paid and the hotel offered us rooms that smelled like a public toilet as my teenagers described. The hallway carpet smelled bad too .

what a fabulous hotel in a great location. As said on many other reviews , a club room is a must. The views of the harbour light show are spectacular from both the room itself and the club room on the 17/18 floor. This it what made it fantastic- a room for free drinks , snacks , afternoon tea , happy hour or even ice cream after dinner open from 7am until 11pm. After a hot day out , it was like coming home to a friend 's house for tea.The staff were freindly and helpful. The rooms were made up efficiently and on turn down one was always asked if anything else was required. I was travelling with my husband and 2 kids aged 5 and 7. With a club room , breakfast is included which can last you all day. You also get free internet/ broadband connection in your room.Very close to the MTR station , space and Science Museam and only a few short stops by train to all the markets. If travelling with kids I would definitely stay here and would not stay over in Hung Hom as shuttle buses and kids just do n't mix !

we stayed at the Grand stanford for 4 nights in May to celebrate my Husbands 50th birthday. From the minute we entered the hotel we were made to feel welcome. We were automatically upgraded to a club class room , with a view of Victoria harbour that was to die for. One whole wall was a window , giving the room a WOW factor as soon as you entered. The room itself was large , allowing plenty of space for the two queen size beds. The bathroom was beautiful with plenty of fluffy towels. The location of the Grand stanford is convenient for all the usual sights in Kowloon and there is a terminal for a fast ferry over to Central on Hong Kong Island directly opposite .

we booked a harbour view room , got upgraded due to the Ambassador status , and received an Executive room. WHAT A VIEW ! we spent evenings only staring out of the window. We simply loved that part of our trip , and advise anybody to spend a little more on the harbour view .

as with a lot of other reviewers , I chose this hotel due to the good review it 's getting .

my wife and I stayed at this hotel on 25 and 26 March 2007 , and loved it. We relied on tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. We arrived late in the evening and check in was fast and friendly. We had a Club Harbour View room which was very comfortable and spacious , but were too busy in the two days to use the Club facilities , so in retrospect would probably have booked a standard Harbour View room .

i stayed at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford for two weeks while working in Hong Kong. I had a wonderful time. I arrived at the airport tired and bad tempered after the flight from Seoul , and went to their courtesy desk in the arrivals hall. They seated me in a hotel limo and away I went with no delay. The check-in was smooth and courteous even deferential . I stayed on the club floor with a harbor view which was incredible .

stayed here over Easter 2007. Excellent first impressions , good location cross the nearby footbridge to the promenade and Avenue of Stars , very clean and modern .

stayed here for 2 nights on the way back to UK from Australia. I have

stayed here with our two teenage boys for just under a week in early April. We found the service impeccable , the staff so polite and friendly .

thoroughly enjoyed our stay. It would have been nice to have a room with a view of the habour , but we were n't in the room long enough ... just to sleep and wash. Room had everything you would need plus more. Check-in was quick and bags were delivered within 5 minutes after arriving in our room. Enjoyed that the hotel was away from the hustle and bustle of Nathan Road only 10 minute walk ... good exercise .

stayed in this hotel for 5 days. Staff were really friendly and helpful. Room was large and spacious with a fantastic view over to hong kong island definatly worth the extra money to get a harbour view room .

stayed here on holiday in March 2007. I probably set my sights too high , and was therefore a little dissapointed .

we booked a 5D4N stay with the hotel. This would be my 2nd visit to Hong Kong in 4 months ' time. I booked this hotel for myself &amp ; my family after reading the fave reviews about this hotel .

part one of our trip to Hong Kong and Sydney saw my partner and i staying here for 3 nights enroute. From the very second of arriving to the moment we left we 'd both say how fantastic this hotel was and how excellent the staff were .

this is my favorite hotel in Hong Kong , although it is on the Kowloon side.. The staff are very helpful and friendly. The lobby is lovely , the place is incredibly clean and the rooms are reasonably sized , the amenites are nice and the beds are comfortable....really comfortable. I always reserve a room with a King bed and sometimes the room overlooks the street , sometimes it 's just a courtyard with a wall about 60 feet away , but since I do n't spend much time in my room and the view is n't important to me , I 'm not concerned. My priorities are that the bed is good , the room is attractive , the television works well , that the bathroom is nice with lots of hot water and there needs to be a safe in the room. I have to admit that I also like the robes , the slippers , the fact that there is a dvd player and often times they leave fruit for nibbling and chocolates on the bed .

stayed at The Gran Stanford for 2 nights and was very impressed. My room was spotless and very comfortable. The roof swimming pool was great and I had it all to myself. I also managed to get into the Club Lounge and the complimentary food looked very good indeed and so was the harbour view from the window .

on reaching the hotel we were lucky enough to see the christmas day fireworks and they were spectacular. The hotel itself was beautifully decorated and very busy for christmas day :

though the other Intercontinental gets all the attention , the Grand Stanford is amazing. Hands down this was the best service I 've experience at any hotel anywhere in the world. By the second day the staff knew my husband and I by name , and this is not a small hotel .

from the moment we arrived at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford to the moment we left we were treated like royalty by the attentive hardworking staff. When booking the hotel we were guaranteed a harbour view room but were allocated one with a partial view at the side of the hotel. A quick word with reception and we were moved to a full harbour view room which was wonderful , particularly as in the morning as we were able to watch the sun rise over Hong Kong island and in the evening have a magnificent view of illuminated H.K .

stayed here at the end of November as a part of a packaged tour to China , w/an extension to HK. First off it 's not as posh as the InterCon HK formerly the Regent but service and luxury is just as comparable. Checking in was a breeze. The lobby is grand and comfortable with a decent lounge/bar/waiting area .

arrival got off to a shaky start as our tour agent had messed our dates up with the taxi service so we were not met at the airport. The hotel desk clerk at the airport sorted a lift for us and the hotel receptionist rang the company again to make sure they had the correct details. Room was large and light , with lots of nice things in the bathroom and cupboards ! Every evening , the housekeeper called for the turndown service with fresh ice and chocolates .

my wife booked a four night stay here as a birthday surprise for me , having never been to Hong Kong before. On arrival , we upgraded to both a harbour view room and the executive floor. Both proved to be excellent choices. We had an excellent view of Hong Kong island , through the window that encompassed the entire wall of the room .

we stayed at this hotel during a tour of China with Ritz Tours in September .

igs was an excellent experience. Rooms were spacious enough , esp. for HK. Decor was very nice , with great electronic controls. Bathroom was modern and clean with granite countertops. Rooftop swimming pool and fitness center were very nice , clean and rejuvenating .

stayed for 2 nights as part of a three week tour of Far East. Hotel was great value for money although our room faced onto a wall .

the Grand Standford is a modern and characterless hotel. It aspires to a level of grandeur to which it falls short.The lobby is vaulted and,on first impressions looks impressive but it does n't contain much except a nice curved staircase which takes you up to the restaurant .

stayed here for at least two weeks as part of my honeymoon. Althought we had some problems w/this hotel , I 'd have to admit that the staff are very courteous &amp ; fairly professional. Easy access when it comes to transportation &amp ; location centralize. The problems that we had was the fact that I had stated on my reservation that we were on our honemoon &amp ; requested for a fairly nice view but were given a view w/a brick wall at first. Then we were charged for an upgrade but to only be give a view of the street. After the upgrade , the toilet did n't work for a night but that was taken care of it promptly. Was well appreciated. The rooms were fairly spacious &amp ; fairly clean. Lobby was beautiful , indeed. But I , too , got confuse w/this hotel &amp ; the Intercontinental. Hehe. But that 's alright .

i stayed one night at this hotel 3rd June 2006 with my partner on holiday. Im a Priority Club Club Member so no huge benefits and booked this hotel online for a package that included breakfast and late checkout. We were allocated a cityview room on the 5th floor. I was pleasantly surprised by the room size which was large by Hong Kong standards. The bed was very good and comfortable and the room also included a DVD player .

we stayed at the Grand Stanford Hotel Kowloon ,Hong Kong,what a fabulous hotel ,not cheap,but the standard was fantastic,we paid extra for a Harbour view room - THIS IS A MUST ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the views over hong kong harbour day or night are fantastic,The food is excellent too,nothing is too much trouble for the staff,it was our wedding anniversary and when we got back to our room there was free champagne on ice together with a cake and or'deurves. We stayed 10th -13th May 2006There is easy access to star ferry if you fancy a trip up to the peak on the cable car and easy access to street shopping or designer malls

not to be confused with The Intercontinental which is where I thought I was staying , but I was not dissapionted with the Stanford .

our first time in HK and we were very taken with this hotel. Off to a great start when we were allocated a room early in the morning after an overnight flight from Sydney. Staff very friendly and professional. Pool and food vg. I would have no hesitation in recommending the IC Great Stanford

stayed here with the better half last Summer for ten days. We had a very nice harbour view room on the Executive floor -- the view was fantastic and the room nice and spacious with a nice decor. Bathroom was good , but not spectacular .

our group moved to the IC after a very poor experience at the Nikko next door still undergoing renovations , can hardly breathe with all the paint fumes , not treated well by staff , etc. etc. . Although the IC is a bit more expensive , the difference of a few dollars was truly outstanding .

my partner and I,spent our previous vacation the year before,at the Kowloon in TST,hence,we were a bit apprehensive about the 4/5 star ratings of HK hotels ! After reading the reviews of all hotels that were available through the Cathay Pacific 'package ' that we intended to purchase,we chose the ICGS based on the good reviews posted here .

i would agree with the previous review that this hotel is still in a good location despite not being considered as favourably as the other top end hotels. It is easy to walk across to the promenade and stroll down to the star ferry or head on up to Nathan Road. The room was quite large and we paid for the harbour view , which I thought was good enough. You could probably pay more for a hotel closer to things but why bother ?

we opted for the Grand Stanford through an Airmiles deal , so it was a luxury hotel for our budget trip. Do n't worry about choosing &quot ; room only&quot ; , there is a DeliFrance cafe one minute from the hotel for an excellent breakfast and harbour view ! We did n't mind the walk from the hotel to the star ferry etc ; who could complain about the magnificent habour walk only a couple of minutes from the hotel door ? It was stunning ! ! Or browsing the many shops to reach the MTR ; I hardly noticed the short walk. When you arrive , make use of the Airport Express to Kowloon station and the FREE shuttle to the hotel this is not run by the hotel , but is an extension to your Express ticket. It 's hassle free on your return also ! I have no problem recommending the IC Grand Stanford for it 's location , comfort and friendliness. I simply loved Hong Kong and am eager to return !

