it was brill the hotel when ever you came to leave the hotel they opened the door for you and when ever you came to enter the hot they opened the door for you and the bedrooms were very clean and the pool was clean and they were always happy to help you and they always had a smile on there faces ! ! ! It was a BRILLIANT stay ! ! !

we spend most of our time in Hong Kong in the Island Pacific Hotel .

i went to deliver my guest lecture in an international conference. The hotel has very good airport pickup and drop off facility. They also have free bus service to major points in the city .

we booked direct with the hotel over the internet. Upon arrival we were given a full harbour view room on the 28th floor. To say that it was a pleasant surprise was an understatement. The room was spacious with very high ceilings. The harbor view through the ceiling to floor windows is stunning. There are marble bench tops in the bathroom and on the bedside table. The shower recess is huge. We particularly like the non slippery floor which is safe for people of all ages. Initially we planned to stay for 2 days but for personal reasons we ended up staying there for 16 days .

the hotel benefits from a shuttle service which we would recommend using and it is close to the Macau ferry. The rooms are small and functional and the price made it a great place to stay , but the rooms do not lend themselves to spending much time in them. We were in room 1213 and overall it was OK but nothing special .

we stayed at the Island Pacific hotel for 7 nights in November. We booked a room with city/side harbour view and thats what we got ! Sadly no upgrade ! The room was small but we managed to organise ourselves to maximise the space. Nothing to complain about - staff were courteous and efficient - the concierge service always held the door open as we entered or exited. Rooms were cleaned and bathroom supplies were promptly replaced. We took the A10 bus from the airport which although not as fast as the Airport Express dropped us off at the block next to the hotel and worked out at half the cost of the AE .

the IP is a fine hotel ........ the full length windows are the highlight - make sure you ask for a harbour view. The other great thing is that it has an outdoor pool - many hotels in Honkers do not. The area is fabulous , too - far more authentic than down in Wan Chai or Central.................... a local guy on the corner sells freshly bbqed duck with rice and fresh bok choy for $ 2 AUD take away !

finding value for money is not always easy in this city , especially if you want to stay on HK Island. I found the Island Pacific to be just that. I booked a city-view room and was promptly upgraded to a harbour view room. The room itself was small but nicely decorated and well-maintained. Even though there is no metro station nearby , everything is within easy reach by tram or taxi. Only complaint : you have to pay for internet access , and dearly so .

when we booked this hotel we wanted just a room to sleep and explore Hong Kong. It was a good value and is well located as you can go to central by foot , trolley or taxi. Yes is far away from the MTR but you can live with it. Arrived really late and asked where we could have something to eat. They told us there was a 7-11 store and when we were coming back to the hotel we saw a MacDonald â € ™ s in the other side of the road. Couldn â € ™ t the concierge just said that ! ! It was clearly a Mac emergency ! !

we stayed 4 nights at the Island Pacific , after having find a deal for EUR 55 , without breakfast. The hotel is a bit out of the city center , but after all , only a 15 minutes walk from the Star Ferry Terminal. We basically did everything on foot. We were upgraded to an executive room , and although small , had everything we needed , was very clean and tranquil. Only small negative point is the fact the beds are rather small. Staff was efficient , kind and helpful , especially the bell boy downstairs who arranges taxis. We tried the swimming pool , but the water was just too cold for our likings. Overall , we can only highly recommend this hotel , it has an excellent price-quality balance , and eventually , in Hong Kong , you want to spend as much time as possible outdoors , so a hotel like the Island Pacific serves it purpose perfectly .

our visit to Hong Kong happened to land on a busy weekend so most of the hotel rates increased to nearly double their usual rate for this time of the year. To remain within our budget we found the Island Pacific Hotel. It â € ™ s a bit far from the nearest MTR 15 mins walk or 20 HKD cab ride but , the charm of the hotel made up for it .

this hotel is not in the &quot ; thick&quot ; of it all , but what it does offer is a more authentic Hong Kong experience. The hotel is located more in the residential area of Hong Kong Island. You can see and participate in the everyday life of Hong Kong residents. The area is lined with numerous dried seafood and herb stores. There is a 7-11 just up the road along with a small bakery .

this hotel is in a good place , but about 15 minutes by foot from MTR. The price is good , but internet is not free but there 's a fee. Small issues found , the toilet was little bit broken with water still running and the AC was little bit noisy .

we stayed here for 3 nights and it was a good base. We were out most of the day and night exploring the city but it was nice to come back to a comfortable room. I have read all rooms in Hong Kong are small but this was quite a good size. We had a side harbour view which was nice , i would reccomend a harbour view otherwise you look at unsightly buildings .

i managed to book this hotel through asiatravel.com , which offered a good deal...this hotel is more than what we have expected. Even though it is away from the nearest MTR sheung wan station , it is very near to central...it is only about 8-10mins walk to the mtr where you can experience the typical hk ppl living...tram is just a mere 50m away...we like the free hotel shuttle service to IFC very much..it operates at 1/2 hourly till 7pm. it was very convenient to us when we were lazy to walk..they also offer hotel pickup service ! ! btw , taxi drive from central to this hotel is just hkd 20.. .

there 's nothing I really love or hate about it. Amenities are kind of old old box TV instead of the flat screens like every other hotel... so if you 're the kind of person that enjoys spending time in your hotel during your vacation , this is n't for you .

i booked this hotel as part of a bargain last-minute deal on Expedia , so I was really impressed by how good it was .

we stayed for 4 nights in late May 2009 , room 914. It 's not a bad location , not &quot ; central&quot ; but the tramline runs outside the door of the hotel so everywhere is easily reached. And taxis are not expensive in HK relative to in the west .

the Island Pacific hotel is an excellent , average hotel. It is not high end , and you should not go in expecting it to be. However our experience was that there is absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel , and it delivers on all points for the price we are paying. Was it worth it value for money ? Absolutely .

we booked this hotel as part of a package deal. Finding the hotel was easy , it is not in the most central touristy area , but is easily reached by tram or cab. It is within walking distance of the Central Station , and is a good base for a visit. The neighborhood is a funky bustling area , shopping is good , especially if you like dried seafood ! We stayed for almost a week , and we 're happy with our choice. The room is relatively small , but all the amenities were there. There is a safe that was big enough to fit my small laptop. Our room had a view of the Harbor. The staff was very helpful and efficient. When our bathroom door got stuck in the middle of the night , the engineer was there in less than 5 minutes and had it fixed quickly. We did n't eat in the restaurant , because there were so many cool places to eat nearby. Overall , we had a great stay .

stayed at this hotel for two night and was very surprised - pleasently ! The Staff were really helpful and friendly. We stayed on , i think it was the 28th Floor and had a harbour view which was pretty impressive. Room was very big and decorated it nice and had a very big bathroom which was great too. Its about 20 hong kong dollars which is less the Â £ 2.00 to central .

i stayed for 5 nights with my wife and 4 kids , we book for 2 standard double bed side hurbour veiw , they give us 2 Delux full harbur veiw same price , they give us warm welcome and best service. Room clean and tidy and full option. I would like to come back again there .

i recommend this hotel. Service was so good and we like that distance from center .

i too was a little skeptical because of the really reasonable price but was pleasantly surprised. We were upgraded from a standard room to a partial harbour view on the 25th floor. Room was comfortable , clean , and spacious enough. Staff very friendly and helpful. Received paper every morning and fruit delivered to our room on check-in. One computer to check email free in lobby. Would stay here again if ever in HK and definitely recommend staying here .

the room was large enough , clearn , comfy bed. Love the shower , very strong pressure. The location was good too , tram stop just around the corner , 10 min walk to Macau ferry terminal .

we stayed in May'09 for 10 nights at the Island Pacific. On check in they upgraded us to a full harbour view room , which was nice. The room was as expected , big enough for what we wanted and we spent most of the time out and about. The room was clean , serviced each day , fresh towels , shower had plenty of hot water etc. The staff were friendly and helpful. We had room service one night , as we were shattered , it was fresh and quickly delivered , so all in all , ok .

just got back from staying here for four nights with friends. We had two rooms. Since it is low season , we asked if we could get upgraded from out city view room to a partial harbour view room. They upgraded us both to full harbour view rooms ! Clean but small rooms as are most in Hong Kong . Nice LCD TV on wall , but not many stations and no movie stations. ipod docking station at bed a nice touch. Clean bathroom that was n't too small. Tub with no separate shower .

big Puddle , Little Puddle age 9 and me stayed here for 14 nights in May/June. As has been previously stated hotel rooms in Hong Kong are very small. When we arrived we were suprised at how small the room was and that was without the rollaway bed for Little Puddle. When that was set up , up against the window there was only about a foot between the three beds. The beds are extremely hard which affect our quality of sleep and there is also a shortage of wardrobe space and no where at all to put cases especially if there are three of you. Apart from that the hotel was fine. The room was kept very clean and staff were friendly especially the bell hops. The pool was okay although it did not get the sun at all .

stay away from this hotel. We booked a room with the sea view , it was so smelly as the curtains were full of mould. We complained and they changed the room but it was stinky as well. As results we got bad sore throat. The view is nothing special as it overlooks the highway , room are so small , lift is obsolete and scary and swimming pool size of bath. Just forget it and your health will benefit

we booked online and were fortunate enough to find a dicount code , going through a large online agent , and herefore for 6 nights we got a pretty good deal .

we came in early morning about 9 : 00. Receptionist infored us that our room will be ready in one hour. W left our bags and went for a walk around neighborhood. Hotel is located about 10 minutes walk from nearest MTR station , but there are plenty trams every 3 minutes. Neighborhood is very safe but little bit dirty and there is a lot of shops wit dry sea food so the smell is awful. After one hour our room was ready and our bage were delivered in to. Small but comfy room with double bed with wiew on the harbour. Bathroom was clean. Every day we had new soap , showers gels etc. and tooth brush with paste. We have spent there a week. would like to stay there again .

the hotel was good. Concierge &amp ; Bellboys are all extremely nice. Receptionists are OK. Our room was decent , it really is exactly what we paid for. We paid for a superior 20m2 room with view , and that 's what we got. No extras. The bathroom was decent , but the room itself , well there wasnt much space around the bed. When my partner arrived at a later date , we were concerned his extra large suitcase would crowd the room - since with my suitcase the room was already &quot ; cozy&quot ; . We kindly asked if the hotel was n't too full , if they could put us in a room with just a bit more space for our suitcases. This couldnt be done unless we were willing to pay USD50 extra. We were staying at the hotel for 9 nights , and they could n't help us with some extra space. Aside from the small rooms - after I already booked a bigger room the standard one is 14m2 ! , the hotel was adequate , 10 min by tram from central and .

we went to Pacific Island Hotel only because we found out a good deal 37 EUR / night . It was conveniently located on Hong Kong Island , although quite far away from any MTR station. Rooms are rather spacious compared with the usual sarcophagus-alike rooms in HK. The bed was clean and confy , with a flat screen on the opposite wall. Rugs on the floor would need to be cleaned though. OK bathroom , although we could n't fix the water temperature on our own. Overall OK experience , but only if you have to stay for a spot-night in HK and wants by all means to be located on the Island part without breaking your purse .

i was sceptical about this hotel as the room rate was very cheap for HK - I paid Â £ 38 per night for single occupancy. I was not disappointed - the room had a large double bed , fantastic harbour view and well equipped. There 's also has a nice outdoor pool. The service was excellent by Western standards. The restaurant is also good value for HK - offering buffet breakfast for Â £ 10 and dinner for about Â £ 20 including unlimited free wine wine is often expensive in HK - but go for the red . The buffet dinner is an interesting culinary experience as it offers a selection of Chinese , Japanese , Korean and Western dishes. The only disappointment was the bar - a dreary affair with expensive drinks - but there are no alternatives in the immediate surrounding area .

we were a party of two and we stayed on an Executive Floor , but the room was small even for Hong Kong. To be fair , the space was just about manageable and not unbearably tiny. However , we only stayed for two nights. It â € ™ s possible that a longer stay would â € ™ ve felt more cramped. We had two large pieces of luggage , and we struggled to find a place for them. If you are travelling light though , this won â € ™ t be a problem .

previous reviews say it all. Very well managed with excellent service standards. Quiet and unpretentious.Would recommend it for great value B &amp ; B. One small criticism , already made by a previous reviewer , is the mini-bar tariff .

i 'd read the reviews before I went and was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were more spacious that the more prestigious , Eaton Hotel in Kowloon and mine had a fantastic view of the harbour. The only down point I would say is that it 's not on the MTR but I enjoyed the walk to Central - you get a taste of the real Hong Kong away from the main tourist spots .

decided to go for this hotel after reading reviews in tripadvisor. Very helpful staff , good location in Sheung Wan which is a very traditional area on HK island. Tram stop is around the corner and max 5 min walk away but you can easily walk to Central. If you plan to got to Macau then the hotel as great location as the Macau Ferry Terminal is only 5 min away by taxi and you pay the minimum fare of 18 HKD or 3 tram stops or 15-20 min walk. Though the rooms are small they are very spacious. In the beginning we were given a room on the 8th floor but as it was a smoking room got a replacement on 26th floor with great views. There are also very good local &quot ; restaurants&quot ; just across the street and most of them have either a menu in english or someone who can understand you. And going up the hill there is also a nice market .

i recently stayed at the Island Pacific Hotel for nine nights. I booked through Hotels.com and secured a nightly rate of just under US $ 100 all inclusive . This modern high-rise hotel is located in the western part of Hong Kong Island in the Western Market area of Sheung Wan. The Macau Ferry Terminal is an easy ten minute walk from the hotel , the Sheung Wan MTR Station an additional five minutes , and the Airport Express Station just ten minutes from the hotel by taxi. There is tram service on Des Voeux Road with the closest tram stop just one block from the hotel. As mentioned in other reviews , the Island Pacific Hotel is located in the heart of the dried seafood market area. Others have mentioned the smell of dried seafood as strong and offensive. I really didn â € ™ t find the smell to be that strong unless walking directly in front of the many dried seafood shops and I didn â € ™ t really even notice the smell in and around the hotel. The smell certainly would not deter me from staying at this hotel in the future .

stayed here for a month. very decent place with good rooms , excellent view and helpful service. Location is a bit of a problem as you need to walk a bit to get to the enarest bus / tram stop or the MTR. Also , takes long to get a cab during business hrs .

i was recommended this hotel by a friend who lives in HK and really chose it because it was so cheap. I was therefore surprised to find that the service was impeccable , the location excellent and the hotel exceeded expectations based on price. The pool was great too because after an afternoon shopping it was just what I needed. The only thing that I will say is that ordering food or drink in the hotel was very expensive - a bottle of water in the room was $ 65 and $ 10 dollars in the 7eleven across the road. Tea was $ 40 in the bar Â £ 4 ! That aside , I would highly recommend this .

i loved the location of the island pacific...yes it is a leisurely 30min walk to the central , but the route is direct or you can jump on a tram that will get you to the central area in about fifteen mins .

front desk helpful , accommodated me to avail rm even if I was early. Bed was clean , floor was not , carpet grimmy so I did not go barefoot. Toilet was clean , but shower smelled strongly of urine , so I asked staff to reclean and disinfect while I went out to eat. Two hrs later , same condition , this time they cleaned while I was there. After , it still smelled strongly , I told them about it the next day , when I left really early for ferry to Macau. Later that night , still bad situation , I finally figured it out the next day when I was going to check out... there was a drain that was backing up at back of toilet and also the shower curtain could have already assimilated the continous smell. Being a seasoned world traveler , I always wear rubber flipflops inside showers even if it is a very well reviewed upscaled hotel , because cleaning standards may be different in different cultures and establishments. Breakfast buffet is a little high for ordinary familes , but cheap for business travelers on expense accounts. But it was an excellent and sumptuous breakfast. Location is a good 15-20 minute wlk from train station. Their shuttle is only 1-way from hotel. Area is good during days but quite isolated at night. There are other competitive hotels in Hongkong that I would go back to.. .

the hotel is located in This hotel is located in Sai Wan , about 15 minutes bus or tram to Central or Sheung Wan MTR station. Because of its location eg no MTR station in the area , it is cheaper than many other hotels. There is a tram stop one minute from the hotel. You should expect to spend an extra 20 minutes travelling each day .

as we live in Shenzhen the proximity to the HK-Macau-Shekou ferry terminal is a plus. I was looking forward to a great night at this hotel. My expectations were high based on the hotels own website picture of a habour view room. With the musty smell and the room not at all like the photo my first impression was not the best. I was disappointed. However , we spent little time in it so I guess the container terminal view across the water did not matter. When we arrived at 11.45 to check in we were told the room was not ready. This story did not fit with the very musty smell in the room. It had definitely not been used the night before or the night before that. It was clean but the carpet had some grubby looking stains. The very small room had no decorations , no pictures , only a flat screen TV with a few English speaking channels. The bottled water was HK $ 38/small bottle. That â € ™ s a rip off ! We ate out. The tea/coffee making facility in the room is nice to have. The pool looked good but surrounded by high-rise. Staff were very professional. Shuttle bus to Central , very useful. The immediate area is fun to explore and Soho is HK $ 20 by taxi for good bars and food. Would we stay again ? Yes , next week for the HK Sevens. Will the room be musty ? I will let you know if you ask ! Our rate for the Harbour View room was about US $ 128 , maybe a tad more. Next week we have a city view room booked at US $ 97. At these prices the hotel is reasonable value compared to others of a similar standard in HK. One day I will learn not to trust the hotel promotional photographs. Our room definitely did not look a bit like the one shown in the hotel website picture which is the same shown by Agoda the booking agent .

staff were very friendly and helpfull. Rooms were clean and had everything we needed. Food in the hotel was Ok and reasonably priced compared to restaurants. Location was on the edge of the main city centre area but there 's a tram stop by the hotel that takes you into the main city centre. You can even walk into the main city centre in 30 minutes and the main restaurant and bar area in 20 minutes. The area it is located in makes you feel you are in Hong Kong with all the loacl dried sea food shops , unlike the City centre that could be any city centre in the world. Good value for money , especaily in Hong Kong

just on the egde of the Banking sector. This hotel is great value for money. Not large rooms but just enough. Only grumble is the cost of food / meals in the hotel. Then again it is quite pricey all over Hong Kong. A $ 4.00 cab ride into the heart of hong kong or a 20 minute walk. Walking you can see the heart and soul of HK island and experience more than the average guide book. It is safe to do so. All the back street shops , stalls. Fantastic. go up victoria peak by tram and decend by bus. Sit at the top and at the front for good views .

be careful when you been asked to put room security deposit at Island Pacific Hotel ! They did tell us that this was refundable deposit , but when they gave us a receipt we did not pay attention that there was &quot ; NO REFUND&quot ; note at the end. Front desk clerk both on the check-in and the check out told us that this was just a hold on the credit card , and we wo n't be changed , but that was not the case , we did get charged and never got our money back , because it was NO REFUND listed. .

clean and functional hotel with typical for HK small rooms. Clean loos , room service that delivers , small pool and close to the tram stop ! Nice place to stay on a budget .

while on my gap year , i decided i wanted to visit australia as it the one place on earth I 've always wanted to visit , but never thought i would have the chance. So , as i left 6th form , i chose to do a gap year , im so pleased i did ! the one thing that put me off though , was the 26 hour plane journey. so i decided to break up the flight with a stay in hong kong ! very glad i did ! ! i found this hotel on agoda , i got a very good deal on a twin room for 4 nights , so me and my friend decided to go here .

on arrival at the airport you may be tempted to head for the subway or get a cab. You can , but for $ 49 HKD you can simply get bus A10 and stop number 4 will drop you off right outside this hotel .

overall the stay was a bit above average. I booked for a queen size bed through the website but when I arrived I was given a room with two twin beds. The front desk clerk said they do n't have anymore queen size bed rooms left until 4 days later. When a room with queen size bed came up the front desk clerk called me about the news so I gathered my belonging and made the switch to a harbour view queen size room .

we have lived in Shenzhen for 4 months and travel over to Hong Kong regularly for weekend mini breaks. We have stayed in a number of hotels in different areas of Hong Kong and this one tops it. If you want good value this one can not be beaten. The staff are very helpful and the hotel is very clean and modern. The outside does not do it justice. For Â £ 49 per night we got a standard room which was upgraded to a harbour view for free. The windows are floor to ceiling and gave a cracking panoramic view. The room size is fair with a very comfy bed. The bathroom is adequate with a very powerful shower over the bath .

the hotel is quite a good value for money. It may not be located in the most central part of Hong Kong Island , but if you fancy a decent hotel at a reasonable rate , this hotel is for you .

we booked this hotel ourselves on the internet for â ‚ ¬ 50,00 and were surprised about the location and standard of the room. Luxureous lobby , big room , marble bathroom with bathtub , great view over the harbour with an awesome sunrise. Easy to reach with the HongKong tram. Good price. People at the reception could be a bit more friendly , but the rest made up for that ! We went out for diner and breakfast , so no review about the food .

the hotel was running a promo so we enjoyed a good rate of about HKD900 with free upgrade , free daily breakfast and free daily consumption of the mini-bar. Pringles chip , cup noodle , nuts , beers , Evian &amp ; soft drinks

a good deal if you do n't mind the smell and the distance from the subway station .

the hotel itself was really not bad , the staff was professional , housekeeping was good , they say hello and smile. The room was very clean , water pressure good. We stayed in a harborview room. The room size is not big , but not closet size , big enough to put our suitcases and move around. Had buffet breakfast in the hotel resturant once , for $ 140HKD , it was n't very good. Every once in while , we could smell the dry fish smell in the lobby , but never in our room .

when I arrived at the hotel i was a bit disappointed by the outside , the concierge staff are very polite and were helpful throughout my stay whenever I had any questions and would always tell me both the cheapest and most convenient way to get to where I wanted to go. The reception staff were very blunt and abrupt and nowhere near as helpful as the concierge .

this hotel is to the west of central Hong Kong Island , but right on the tram line and there are frequent buses going almost past the front door. The trams are a little slower , but very easy to use just pay $ 2 on the way off and since the tram line is just a single line very easy to get your bearings on. A taxi from the hotel into the centre of the city is about $ 25 under 2.50 GB Pounds . Do n't let the fact the hotel is n't right in the centre put you off at all .

yes this hotel is out of the way , but that worked for us , it was so great to get away from the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong and Kowloon , and get back to an area that felt like that way it should be .

an average 3 stars hotel that match its rating .

this large hotel is located just on the side of Victoria Harbor in the middle of dried seafood street. We got a great deal for a week stay on Expedia and we were really worried when the cab driver dropped us off because the area smells like the street name , but the hotel is very professional and classy. The room was small , but it had large window wall with a view of Victoria Harbor. The hotel staff spoke English and were very helpful. Everyplace you want to go is just a short tram-ride away , and each ride costs the equivalent of 20 cents. The tram-stop closest to the hotel is just around the corner. The trams have open windows , which lets the breeze come in on hot days , and they 're an excellent way to tour the city. I would not recommend paying more money to stay closer to the city center. There are 2 24hr 7-eleven 's within walking distance and a 24hr McD 's. Plus , there are several local bakeries and noodle shops in the area. The hotel buffet was decent , but you will get a much better value outside. There is a shuttle-bus that takes you to the airport when you check out. I strongly recommend this hotel for the real Hong Kong experience .

this hotel is all-together okay. The rooms are simple and small yet clean and well kept. The staff is friendly ; not all of them speak english but those who do n't are quick to point out someone who does. The business center is tidy and very handy. The best thing about the hotel are the views. You 'll have spactacular views of the harbor and Victoria 's Peak if you 're fortunate to stay in a room which faces these sites. However , the biggest drawback of the hotel is the location. It 's located in a slum-like area which was a big shock to my senses having just arrived from the West. Outside , it smelled really bad - like something between seafood , ramen noodles and vomit. It 's also a bit of a hike to the sites. I did n't stay long enough to figure out public transportation but the closest subway station was a decent walk away. If I had to do it all over , I would have stayed closer to central Hong Kong. Although the hotel was fine for my needs , it was n't so great as to make up for its location .

we stayed here for two weeks and thought it was great. It was excellent value because it was a little out of the centre of town. However , with travel as cheap and convenient as it is in Hong Kong , this was no problem. Service was excellent at all times and staff could n't do enough to help. The room was quite a good size compared with some I have stayed in before , particularly in London , and we had a corner room with two great views. As an extra bonus you get to stay in a more traditional area of the island and see a little of more old fashioned HK life. Some people have commented on the dried seafood shops there - and their smell. We did n't find that the shops smelt much in spite of temperatures up to 34 degrees and over 90 % humidity - phew ! and they were much more interesting than the plethora of department stores and chain stores in the centre. Our only criticism was that our room wasn â € ™ t ready when we arrived , even though we arrived mid afternoon from a long haul flight and were hot and exhausted. However , this did not mar the stay , and overall this was a great hotel serving good food and excellent value , particularly recommended if you are staying a little longer in HK .

i had a really great experience at this hotel. The room and bathroom were both very clean and modern. The waitstaff and concierge were very helpful and spoke english very well. The view from our room of hong kong harbor was incredible from the 16th floor .

we have just spent 5 days staying in this hotel in Hong Kong. We booked it through a travel website and got a really great deal - about 45 euro a night .

booked through BA hotline travel cause i got a good rate !

nice , clean but small rooms. We stayed on the 18th floor and had an interesting view of the surrounding neighborhood. Hotel is modern with good , prompt service but its location near the fish markets makes for some nice smells. We found their free shuttle useful to get to other transit stations , so that was a nice amenity. Business centre is very nice and has good PCs for rent - another nice bonus. I 'd stay there again .

have just returned from a very enjoyable 5 night stay at Island Pacific Hotel with my Husband and two teenage children. Rooms good size with fantastic floor to ceiling views of the Harbour and Kowloon. Marble bathrooms and very clean and comfortable beds. Rooms have fridge , safe , hairdryer , complimentary toiletries and free morning paper. Free access to hotel outdoor pool and air conditioned gym. Staff very helpful and Free courtesy bus from hotel to various 'key ' locations in Hong Kong a bonus ! Hotel is walking distance of tram stop located on Des Vouex Road West . Were given free welcome drink on arrival - nice touch. Were able to request a late check-out , at no additional charge , which is great when returning to the UK on a late evening flight ! Would highly recommend this hotel .

we booked it through British Airways and paid Â £ 120 for a three night stay on our way home from a three week trip around Australia. Value for money wise its an excellent hotel. Our room had a harbour view and although it was a bit small we only slept in it because we spent all day out and about in the Olympic fever of Hong Kong Island and Kowloon. The rooms are clean , quiet and with daily maid service. What more do you want for 40 quid a night in downtown Hong Kong ! ! !

the first receptionist we met was n't the nicest , but she did get some guy to deal with our booking and we got instantly upgraded ! ! ! I loved the room ! We had full length windows on 2 adjacent walls , 1 facing the water and 1 facing the surrounding apartments. The cleaning/maid service was really good. Very nice hotel , most workers were very nice as well ! Area was good , at least for me , because got to experience everyday living. It was also close to 7-11 , laundry services , and cheap food. Close to the tram as well , which is really cheap and close to buses. They also have a shuttle if you get there at certain times. Overall , I would definately stay here again. My only complaints are you have to pay for internet use and for instant noodles and other snacks which were very overpriced , plus we had to pay for one we put back ! . Also , the restaurant in the hotel closes to early ! But these are minor complaints , they are n't enough to chase me away .

we stayed in a standard room for 3 nights. The room was very clean , comfortable , and had all the amenities common to a good hotel. The location was a tad far from the metro-- you had to take the tram for about 15 minutes to the nearest main station. This might be a little inconvenient for those who are not acquainted with the city. Since I had been to HK several times , this was not an issue. The mattress is a bit hard , but that 's pretty common in Asian hotels. Nevertheless , I would stay again .

stayed here the night before flying out , and the Views from the higher floor 23 was great. The room was absolutely tiny though. Harbour view room , with twin beds , and no room to swing a cat. Upon check in , the receptionist told me it would take 2 hours for my room to be ready , it was after their specified check in time , and when i was less than pleased , this 2 hours became 15 minutes. So they were attentive to guest needs. As with another HK hotel , I found the beds to be far too hard to sleep on comfortably. But housekeeping were prompt when I requested an ironing board. Location is OK , a short tramride to central or about a 20 min walk . The pool area was nice , and the gym useful. The hotel has a nice bar also. If you need an overnighter before a flight thats cheap and clean , then definately choose this place. But if you need to stay in HK for longer than 2 night stopover , I would choose somewhere closer to central , with a bit more space in the room and more comfy beds !

what a fantastic hotel ! We stayed in Hong Kong for 3 weeks , one week on the Island , one week in Macau and one week in Kawloon and this was one of the best hotels !

we stayed one night in this hotel which we found excellent value for money. We booked through Asiatravel.com with a last minute deal it was $ HK600 for the night. on arrival they did not have a standard room available so they upgraded us to an executive room on the harbourside. This I admit might colour my vision about our experience as the room was way above our expectation , large space , large firm bed ,large bathroom that was well fitted out and one of those showers to die for , you know the sort that propels you into the wall .

we booked our stay through british airways and got it really cheap , was expecting a tiny room but it was n't actually that small and had a great view over the harbour. the maid came every day and changed the towels , room was very clean , beds comfy , nothing to complain about .

my boyfriend &amp ; I stayed at Island Pacific Hotel for 5 nights. Bear in mind to take down the chinese name of the hotel so as to show the taxi driver on arrival at Hong Kong Airport Express station. The chinese name is &quot ; å ¤ ª å ¹ ³ æ ´ ‹ é … ’ å º — &quot ; . My BF &amp ; I did not know the chinese name of the hotel and asked the Airport Express customer service counter staff for direction. He wrote the hotel name in chinese on a piece of paper but we were actually brought to a hotel in Wanchai South Pacific Hotel . [ To side track a bit , the hotel staff in South Pacific Hotel were REALLY NICE. Not only did they help us to get a taxi , they told the taxi driver our destination , wrote it in chinese for us and even carried our luggages onto the taxi ! Impressive service ! ! ]

we arrived in a Thunderstorm amidst the worst rain on record for this area. Luckily the Taxi was able to pull into the area to the rear of the Hotel entrance to let us out. The Staff were very helpful and by the time we had checked in at reception , which was on the first floor , our bags were outside our rooms. A small problem with the keycards but that was soon sorted. The rooms , on the 8th floor , were a bit small for a 10 night stay but were clean and the bed was comfortable. The side harbour view was as expected albeit the continual downpour dimmed the views somewhat. The room was cleaned everyday and the sheets and towels were changed daily too. The Bathroom was tidied daily but was not mopped out daily as I would have liked .

a terrific place : a real find. Rooms are bigger than average for HK and many have a fantastic view over the harbour. Once you 've found it for the first time , it 's easy to use the tram to and from anywhere central on the island side. Staff are really friendly and helpful , right from concierge , front desk and all areas .

booked the Island Pacific primarly for the price through BA less than Â £ 300 for 7 nights . I had been concerned about the location of the hotel but was reassured by the reviews on Tripadvisor .

we stayed at Island Pacific for 3 nights. We found it by internet and it was an emergency option until our previous booked hotel had free rooms , but It was better than we expected and we stayed here all the nights we were going to be in Hong Kong. The staff is extremely considerate and helpful. The hotel is very clean and nice and view from the room is amazing !

this is a standard 3 star hotel , nothing more and nothing less. The lobby is a nice average hotel lobby if that 's important to you however the rooms are quite dated and very basic. If you are on a low budget and just need a place to stay for , this is a good choice. However the location is not ideal , as it is out of the city centre and no tube station is close. Therefore you either walk to the MTR 15 min walk or you take the tram which is almost round the corner .

we stayed in this hotel for four nights. it is clean i really like it , water on the shower is strong but not every time i flush the toilet bowl though , but over all experience is wonderful. very convenient location , accessible to everything especially with the authentic hong kong food just outside the hotel. the staff are nice and helpful. they gave us street and harbor view rooms even if i forgot to request. how wonderful ! rooms are just perfect size for standard rooms. clean sheets and towels everyday. we will stay here again and the hotel is really recommendable .

my Wife and I stayed here for 3 nights before flying onto Australia and may I say this is a great hotel. We got a Taxi from the train terminal to the Island Pacific which cost about $ 20hkd. We pulled up , our door was opened , we were welcomed and our bags taken straight to the room. Check in was a breeze. Our room was on the 20th floor and was a good size with a good sized bathroom. We ordered room service on the first night which was very good .

we looked for ages to find a good value hotel in HK and found this via the BA website. The hotel is a bit away from the action of HK Island but there are so many buses , trams and taxis that if you did n't fancy the 10 min walk to the metro there are plenty of options. We managed to get a room upgrade to a great room on the 29th floor. Overall would stay here again , clean hotel and pleasant staff .

this is an excellent hotel , with a gym and pool on the roof. The gym is n't as good as that at the JEN hotel over the road , however .

the location may not seem good to some travellers but if you are street-smart and have a good travel map of Hong Kong with you , it 's actually fine. Island Pacific is actually within a 10-min walk from Sheung Wan MTR station. From the MTR station , you are only 2 minutes away from the central business district , Central , and about 8 minutes away from the shopping district , Causeway Bay. If you know how to take the tram , that 's even better. The tram charges a flat rate of HKD2 approx. a quarter no matter of the distance you travel. There is a tram stop about 100 metres from the entrance of the hotel. While the tram is slower than the MRT , you will still get to Central in approximately 10 minutes and Causeway Bay in approximately 20 minutes , depending on the time of the day .

i stayed in this hotel for a few nights and had a great stay. The location is central and it is clean. My only grouse though , it 's a fair bit of a walk to the nearest MTR and there is no free wi-fi .

ok so the Island Pacific is in Sheung Wan and approx 5 minutes by cab , 10 minutes on the trolley to Central. Sheng Wan is much more of a local suburb so you see less tourists , and more locals which is nice. Hotel is failry modern , maybe mid 90 's , rooms are decent size and well maintained. Outlook is plesant , either back up to the 'midlevels ' or a view of the harbour .

we stayed at this hotel for nine nights whilst we visted Hong Kong. The hotel was booked through British Airways. The hotel offers good quality , clean , air conditioned accommodation at a very good price .

stayed at the Island Pacific for three nights following a two night stay at the Peninsula whilst in HK for a wedding. After a stay in the Pen , expected to be disappointed but was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The rooms are on the small side and there is a strange smell in the lobby mixture of soap and fish . However , the rooms are undergoing an upgrade and ours had a flat screen TV on the wall as well as updated decor in comparison to rooms which had not been updated .

as I write this I am still at the hotel waiting for my trip to the airport. I extended my stay at the IP because well , its clean , its comfortable , its civilized and it was more than I expected. The website is accurate so do n't be suspicious .

stayed at the Island Pacific from March 7-9 and I must say I was more than pleased. The staff is very accommodating. The rooms are n't big , but clean with very comfortable beds. You will only have problems with the size if you plan to dance around the room or carry 5 large suitcases. We got the Spring Special which makes it even better value for money. The &quot ; Culinary Delights from North and South China&quot ; dinner buffet that came free with the package is amazing. The food tasted great and unlike other dinner buffet fare that tastes like they were made for mass production. You can leave your bags after you check out for up to 30 days ! ! ! When there was a slight discrepancy in the billing got charged for buffet dinner which was supposed to be free , the check-out staff immediately within 10 seconds corrected the mistake. The tram is literally right behind the hotel and if you do n't want to walk to the Sheung Wan MRT , you can take the tram and get off there. Alternatively , you can take the tram all the way to the other side of the island for only HK $ 2 ! ! !

hotel was good , clean and rooms ok size for hong kong hotel. Pillows really good and comfortable this is really important to me as not the usual for a hotel. Bed was firm but i like it that way. The full window view of harbour was nice to wake up to each day. Had confirmation we were to have adjoining rooms but on arrival had been given two rooms not even next to each other , but arranged for a room change later in the day. Location was close to the hong kong tram for ease of getting around the island and hotel shuttle quite convienient. Used shuttle to get to the airport express station on last day where you can also check in your luggage and your flight then travel to the airport easily on the train. Location of hotel was good if you like to be out of the busy areas like i do but there were not many restaurants close by .

how much you will enjoy this hotel depends on what kind of trip you are on. For my own sake , I was on a short explorers trip and didnt really have any specific plans of what to see and to in Hong Kong. Because of that the location of the hotel didnt matter much .

spent 5 nights at the Island Pacific. The location is a little off the beaten track in Hong Kong island. Nearest MTR station was Sheung Wan about 10 mins fast walk , but was easy to get to on the quaint trams that run along the main street just behind the hotel .

i had a great time at the Island Pacific between 4th February and 14th February 2008. I was upgraded to the top floor Facing Centre street and had a fabulous city view to the west of Hong Kong island overlooking apartment blocks and skyscrapers and across the harbour to Lantau .

i stayed at the island Pacific while on a consultation to the University of Hong Kong. The hotel was a short 10 minute walk up hill to the HKU Dental School. I found the walk thoroughly enjoyable with lots of small shops...many selling shark fins...and heaps of people and activity. To me , the location was reminiscent of the Hong Kong of long ago. The area is old and maintains that character. So if you 're looking for trendy shops you ai n't gon na find it around here .

the hotel is not conveniently located for tourists. There are n't any big shopping centers located within walking distance of the hotel. A variety of restaurants are conveniently located nearby .

was an awesome stay - great value when booked on wotif.com , and I got upgraded to a high floor , with amazing harbour views - when its not foggy , that is. Overall , a nice modern hotel .

location : No problem. Centrally located. Ideal

we enjoyed our stay at Island Pacific Hotel , the hotel was modern and clean but the rooms were small and quite stuffy. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. It was easy to get to from the airport as there was a hotel shuttle bus which left every 30 mins to go to hotel which was convenient. Bar at hotel had free internet. I used the gym once but found it very hot as no one had thought to put the air con on and the drinking water bottle on display was empty .

situated on HK Island and is about a 12 minute stroll to Shueng Wan MTR station but there are plentiful very cheap taxis around and also buses and the incredibly cheap trams to Central and beyond. The hotel is based on a road selling lots of dried fish and the area itself is pleasant enough without being anything exceptional. Connaught Road seemed especially polluted though and some traffic noise .

i live on an outlying island in Hong KOng and as the ferry service is limited I sometimes stay overnight in Central. I have stayed in quite a few hotels located in Wanchai whic were double or triple the price and half the standard of the island pacific .

i have been to HK probably a dozen times - not quite staying in a different hotel each time but close. HK is not a city that you want to book a room for at the last minute , especially if you do n't know the conference schedule. If you are a seasoned global business traveler caught in a jam like I was , need a room on a 'the city is packed ' conference week , and do n't have an unlimited T&amp ; E budget , then the Island Pacific is a perfectly acceptable option .

just about to book my third stay at the Island Pacific. I really ca n't fault it - comfortable rooms , friendly staff , great loction. Yes , it is a good 25 min walk to Central but the MTR is 10 mins away and there are tram and bus stops right outside. Plus this area of the island is , for me , more authentic. The seafood and dried medicine shops are fascinating but do smell - it 's a smell I do n't think I will ever get used to but will also never forget ! It 's close to Hollywood Street and some of the fantastic temples. I have n't been able to find better value. One tip - ask the staff to write out the hotel name for you in Cantonese - not all of the cab drivers understand where it is at first - quite frustrating when you are stuck in the New Territories in the small hours trying to get back to the hotel like I was. .

this is my 2nd trip to Hong Kong and after staying at the Excelsior hotel the last time everything else would probably seem a bit of a let down hotel wise as we just didnt have the money to pay for this class of hotel again .

the hotel location is not as bad as I thought its located in the western area of Hong Kong Island and its even better located than the Ramada Hotel which is a little bit further down the road. The first day I went in the hotel I realised the fish smell but never recognised it afterwards. The area is full of dried fish shops but the smell is not that strong unless you walk all the way next to the shops to the nearest MTR station .

i had one night stay here and chose it because I had never stayed before. I had a meeting on the west side. FYI the location is really at the western most end of the MTR line on the island. To be honest , the location was not that convenient even for my meeting but it is a great view. That remains the most memorable part of my stay , the view from my room , looking onto the harbour. Hotel could do with a â € œ kiss and cuddle â €  although it was clean. As mentioned by previous reviewers carpets and soft furnishings have the â € œ used odour. â €  The room was spartan in fit out but warm , bathroom showed its age .

stayed here for 5 nights earlier this month and was n't expecting much due to the price compared to some of the more established hotels. I was n't disappointed. There is a definite smell of fish in the hotel which mysteriously disappears when you step outside. The rooms are small and cramped. There is a fousty smell in the bathroom , etc

we 've just returned from a one night stay booking at short notice and paid a bargain GBP 42.00. I would have no hesitation recommending this hotel. The location is good on the edge of Central in the heart of an overwhelmingly Cantonese area. Lots of dried fish stores nearby but no problem with smells. It is only a 5 minute walk and a 5 minute tram ride to IFC Mall in the heart of Central. The bathroom was very spacious by any let alone HK standards as indeed was the rest of the double.Maybe not the most modern decor but it was clean and well maintained. We were given a Victoria Harbour side facing room and the view towards the vast apartment buildings in Western District was at least as good as the part of Kowloon on view. The staff were very efficient and we would happily return .

i have stayed at the IP many times , and will do so again in March 2007. The rooms are small , the carpets could do with some refreshment ! , but the staff are excellent. The breakfast and buffet dinner bars are very good value only if booked as part of your package. I usually stay for 10/15 days on business , and enjoy being on the island , and in a 'real ' part of HK. The tram is excellent for getting to Central or Star ferry terminal , etc. A nice walk is to leave the hotel , and find Hollywood Road , the Man Mo temple , and follow the antique shops into Central via The Foreign Correspondents Club. The dried seafood and frogs , etc on sale are a source of local character , and the gy at the Kwok Wah Ateam Laundry 300 yards up the hill on the right does an excellent , cheap job overnight ! Watch out for variable room rates if there is a conference/exhibition taking place , and the tour groups from the mainland hogging the lifts. For a change , the Nepalese Indian restaurant up the hill to the lights turn right , then on the right is wonderful value ! Enjoy and save money ! !

