shangri la is the epitomy of having beautiful hotels with wonderfully humble service. It is the ideal Asian-style of service. The guest rooms are very well appointed and the views are spectacular. I also appreciated the variety of restaurants. You can have the very formal French at Restaurant Petrus on the very top floor. Enjoy an extreme buffet at the international cafe I never got board because of the constant change of choices . Of coarse Shang Palace if you want the best Chinese. The Lobster Bar and Grill not only serves great seafood , but also has live musical entertainment. Nadaman is the famous Japanese restaurant overlooking the gardens. There are even more that I ca n't remember the names of .

stayed 4 nights for a business trip and I was completely satisfied. Room was very elegant and comfortable. All the staff I encountered were extremely professional while also friendly .

first I thought hotel is a bit expensive .

we stayed at the Island Shangri-La for 10 days and found it to be an amazing hotel. Our room was beautiful and a good size , with some good little touches to make our stay much more comfortable. The free wi-fi was a great additon to the room and our view was lovely , despite us staying in the cheapest room type .

the Island Shangri La is a wonderful , luxorious Hotel in the Admiralty area of Hong Kong. It is adjoining the Pacific Place mall along with the Conrad and the JW Marriott . It is luxury from the time you check in to the time that you leave .

this was my second or third stay at the Island Shangri-La and I doubt it will be my last .

i recently returned from 4 nights in Hong kong with 5 friends who had known each other for approx 30 years ! . We looked at all the options on Kowloon and HK Island and eventually decided on the Island Shangri La - primarily based on the outdoor pool and the option for a triple share room not all hotels offer this and we wanted a high end hotel... We were a little concerned the triple would be cramped and uncomfortable , but this concern was quickly put to rest as the room was very , very nice and worked well for 3 adults traveling together the other 2 in our group were in a twin share - lovely room too . The level of service in this hotel was the best of anywhere in the world I have travelled - the 'culture ' the Shangri La group has instilled in it 's staff is second to none - on all levels the staff were fantastic - always there to help without being invasive. I ca n't recommend this hotel enough - we are planning our return visit in 2 yrs and would n't stay anywhere else ! !

great location , great service , great food. One of the best places to stay in Hong Kong with the typically high standards of Shangri-la .

my wife and I spent a couple of nights in this excellent establishment whilst on a long multi centre holiday staying in the very best hotels both in cities and beach areas. from the airport pick up to the airport drop off the level of service was outstanding. weve been fortunate enough and worked hard enough to afford to stay in some very good hotels but this hotel seemed to go that little bit further. the staff plan ahead , they notice your habits and act on them- i like to jog every morning , first morning i came back from my jog and asked for a bottle of water while i warmed down , second morning , a bottle of water and cold towels were ready and waiting for me. its the little things i notice , the laundry was included in our package which was done extremely well , the room was spotless , the evening buffet was very good and the bar staff quick and entertaining .

we really enjoyed our stay here while househunting in Hong Kong. The room was well kept , clean and welcoming. The restuarants were excellent and the service at breakfast was impeccable. The staff make huge efforts to deliver personal service , for example my son enjoys apple and yoghurt for breakfast. On our first day the staff must have noticed me struggling to core and chop an apple , the next day we were presented with a ready prepared apple and yoghurt. The pool area is lovely and a good spot to relax with plenty of room. Shangri La always deliver top quality and service and the Hong Kong Shangri La really offers the best , highly recommended .

i really enjoyed my stay at the Island Shangri-La .

the island Shangri-La stands above a large mall where everything can be found. From all the upscale brands you can think of to a movie theater and a bookstore. Service is impeccable. Room with everything you need and the right size. Excellent gym. Nice pool. Very good food. I really wished they had more hotels around the world. The only thing they have to improve is the quality of internet access. It is free but too slow .

my partner surprised me with a night at the Island Shangri La for my 30th birthday. It was truely an incredible experience. The staff went out of their way to make us feel comfortable - nothing was too much of a problem - in fact I do n't think I have ever encoutered such a friendly service at a 5 * hotel !

i have stayed at many 5 * hotels around the world and this is one of the very best. The Service is really first class , all the staff are friendly and helpful and you get the feeling they really want to help rather than it is just their job .

this hotel is perfect if you are trevlling with younger families as everything is so each to reach , the staff are wonderfiul , the choice of food is great and the breakfast was huge with lots of choice. Would highly recommend .

very nice hotel although a bit tricky to get to. Super service and comfort of the room with spectacular views .

excellent location in Central on top of Pacific Place shopping mall with access to MTR .

wow , what an impression staff can make at a large hotel ! Island Shangri-La should be proud of her staff , especially in the restaurants. As I was travelling solo I ate most nights of the trip in the hotel , each time I was impressed by the quality of the service but more importantly by the individual thoughtfulness. Examples of such ; when dining alone a staff member bought a selection of magazines to read - usually I would have to ask , when an attentive staff member noticed my liking of hot food and enquired if he could n't prepare me a spicy dish from his homeland , which he duly did and was exceptional ! While I have singled out a few examples , all areas of this hotel had great service ! As a frequent business traveller I can feel and greatly appreciate it , when hotels engage their staff to truly think about their customers. It 's the little things that count , and that 's rare indeed !

i 've stayed here possibly a half-dozen times and every visit has been excellent. Book a harbor view room - the views are worth the extra price. Rooms are tastefully appointed , with the requisite amount of gadgetry and reasonably sized. Common spaces are lovely and the atrium is simply breathtaking. It 's hard to find any fault -- the lobby area can become a bit hectic at times and elevators can be a tad slow , but these are minor things. Although there are other magnificent hotels in this city , few can boast the views and the location of this one. Be sure to visit the aviary at hong kong park steps away from the hotel - it is a large tropical oasis in a city with few green spaces. The Pacific Place mall is also an elevator ride away and the MTR is a short walk. And for first time visitors , the peak tram is a short stroll away .

we stayed here for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon and we loved it. Your bags are whisked away at check-in and a bell-boy takes you up to the room after check-in and shows you the certain features. We had a delux harbour view which was big for Hong Kong standards and had a super view ! The bathroom was big and had seperate bath &amp ; shower , it had a TV to watch while in the bath as well. We did n't eat in the hotel as we were room only. The lobby bar is the perfect place for a relaxing drink and the pool and out door jaccuzi were really nice and we loved going for a swim around sunset to watch the buildings start to light up. It 's well located for the peak tram and a short walk to Wan Chai for restaurants/bars. There is an MTR station in the Pacific Place shopping mall underneath the hotel and it 'll take you anyway in Hong Kong. Overall a fantastic experience and the best hotel I have stayed in .

island Shangri-La had very quick check-in process &amp ; my suite had Peak view which had complimentary break-fast .

well if you have the money and wish to stay in a 5 star deluxe hotel. Book a standard room and upgrade yourself to a suite by paying 79 $ USA . To do this you have to be a member of Golden Circle which is free .

with the experience I had in Shangri-La New Delhi , I was expecting the warm welcome from the front desk. But here in Hong Kong they welcomed more warm then my expectation. Well groomed gate staffs to the front desk , number of people are waiting to welcome their guests , which was unexpected to me. This hotel is not a cheap hotel , but over crowded. Booking is very difficult if it is not made sufficient before .

we stayed for a week and did n't want to leave .

you really feel important here. The property is not brand new , but in great shape. Superbly comfortable , fantastic staff , great food , wonderful views , all the details taken care of. And good value too. Takes a lot to beat this in HK. Check out the Food Hall at the Pacific Place shopping mall below the hotel .

having checked out of the Lan Kwai Fong hotel and moved to the Shangri-la this was like a shift into another World. This is seriously the best hotel in Asia. Amazing service .

from the moment you step out of your car , you will be amazed by the service and hospitality of the Shangri-La staff. They greet you as if you are their most important guest. The rooms are spacious , beatifully decorated and extremely comfortable. The hotel restaurants and bars are expensive but I ca n't say enough about their service. I was impressed by everyone. I would recommend this hotel to everyone .

we had a week with our two young sons at the Shangri-La and had an amazing time. The hotel is obviously in a great central spot but it was the service and level of personal attention that really made the difference. The room rate is fairly expensive but the team were very flexible - they allowed our two children to stay in the room with us on a pull out bed - and they went out of their way with personal touches to make the experience feel very personal. Every night they delivered home made cookies and milk to the room for the children ; they sent us a note of apology and a box of chocolates when they had to close the pool they had already arranged for us to use the pool in the adjoining hotel so it was no real inconveniece and they somehow discovered that it was my birthday and laid out a birthday cake with ribbon-tied knife , plates and linen napkins when we returned to the room in the evening. They also went out of their way to make the children feel welcome. My husband and I have stayed there a few times before - most often on business - but this showed how hard they work to make every visit special. It really is a world-class experience .

this hotel is massively overpriced. The level of service is way , way below The Peninsula , the rooms are ok but nothing special , the views are good , but not as good as The Conrad..The dining options are not impressive at all , and the in-room dining is your typical unimaginative pap. Way below par , especially the service level. At The Peninsula , all staff members greet you with a smile when you walk past , assist where they can , and generally make you feel good. At the Island Shangri-La you feel more like you are in the way. At one point I noticed a staff member staring at me whle i was waiting for an elevator which by the way are incredibly slow

stayed here for 2 nights in a Harbour View King. This has got to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in ! I was not too keen about the location as I love being near the water but the property itself and the service here is awesome. The room was gorgeous and they thought of everything that you would need. There is nothing I would change here...except where it is....but then you would not have the view...its a good dilemma to have !

i have stayed at many top luxury hotels in the world and I must say this is up there with the best .

i 've been fortunate to stay at some of the world 's best hotels , and this is up there... just sensational... the lobby , the bars , the rooms , most of the room views. And the pool... for a city centre pool this is hard to beat -- you can almost touch the amazing Bank of China building , and when the light falls this is an amazing place to be. The service is world class... its almost impossible to find fault

best service. best pool. best restaurants. best room size .

i stayed at the Island Shangri-la Hong Kong for a period of 9 nights in December 2008 and thoroughly enjoyed the experience .

the Shangri-La chain once again proved to me their industry-leading strength in comfort and service. Upon check-in , we upgraded to a deluxe room which entails a larger living area , free in-room wi-fi , breakfast at the top floor restaurant , and more. They were unable to accommodate our party of three with a room with two beds , but we found that most of our hotels in Asia had only king or two twin rooms , although the rolloway bed was the most comfortable one I slept on the entire trip.The room was beautifully decorated and had a high-floor view of Victoria Harbour and the forest of skyscrapers in Kowloon. The bathroom featured a separate television , which only prolonged me in getting ready in the morning while I watched CNN .

this was my Sixth or Seventh stay at the Island Shangri la. I stay at many hotels but this one is absolutely my preferred one. Rooms are comfortable suites even better... view is fantastic .

spent three nights here during our honeymoon , and the staff went out of their way to make it special. The room was excellent with a fabulous harbour view .

i 'm in HK very often on business and stay in a mid-range hotel Bishop Lei , see entry in TripAdvisor but this time a client paid for a couple of nights in the Shang. I used to stay there many years ago when , after the Asian crisis , rooms were about the same price as the Bishop Lei is now ! The Island Shang always used to feel very brash and arriviste compared with the grandes dames of the Oriental and the Peninsular , but it 's matured well and has become a real classic. The service , in particular , is off-the-scale attentive , practical , polite , and effective , as only the Hongkies and the Swiss deluxe hotels can pull off .

we stayed at the Island Shangri-la at the beginning of our honeymoon and from the moment of arrival everything was perfect. We received a room upgrade to a harbour view room and complimentary champagne , fruit and a congratulations card. The view from the room was just spectacular , almost like a movie back drop ! . The room was both luxourious and comfortable with the bathroom featuring a flat screen tv , an enormous shower and twin sinks .

having stayed here 2 times this year and many other stays in the past , this time was a little different than last year. The staff was better than last year , and our second stay was PERFECT. First stay however I would have given a 3/5. The staff during the first stay were not as friendly as the second time .

the Island Shangri-La is a favorite .

i had a great stay here. While the decor is not as modern I loved the &quot ; old school&quot ; luxury feel chandelier and all . Nice plush carpets and an unbeatable view from the room. Everything was very clean. The TV in the bathroom was a novelty as well. Convenient walk to the huge malls as well , though the location may be more suited to the business traveler .

my boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights in a harbour view room and it was fantastic. The room itself was beautifully decorated as was the rest of the hotel and spacious with an extremely comfortable bed.Good toiletries and wow , what a view !

i have stayed at many of the most popular business hotels in Hong Kong , but I retruned to this property for a second time , due to an excellent experience here last year. Often I find hotels have difficulty maintaining the high standards they set for themselves however , this is not the case here. Again the experience has been excellent .

me and my g/f stayed at Island Shangri-La for two nights in a Harbour View room and we were thoroughly impressed by this property. Good central location , easy to get around HK. The views are stunning of the harbour and the HK skyline towards Kowloon , very much worth to pay the extra to get the Harbour View room .

having read so many excellent reviews about the Island Shangri-La , I thoroughly expected to enjoy my 3-night stay here. I could n't have been more wrong .

from the reviews on this hotel I expected to be blown away with an amazing hotel experience but left a little disappointed .

just returned from a trip to Hong Kong staying at this fab hotel. The rooms were luxurious and spacious , we had a standard room which had stunning views of the island. Staff extremely helpful , although on check in the receptionist seemed to be unaware of chip and pin credit cards and told us our card had been refused when in fact she had not asked us to put a number in. The hotel smelt wonderful and the facilities were brilliant. The hotel was in an excellent location at the side of the metro and which was also accessible from the lower floor of the hotel , along with a huge and very gorgeous shopping mall. We did n t have the breakfast as there were numerous places to eat close at hand and the jet lag got us on the way out so we would have slept through it anyway. Highly recommend this hotel

just got back from 2 night stay at this hotel. I did vow never to stay at another Shangri-La after a very bad experience in KL Malaysia I checked out the same night to the Mandarin across the road and nobody at reception even batted an eyelid . Having given them a 2nd try and in another country I thought I 'd be safe but quickly started to realise that was wishful thinking...do n't get me wrong it COULD be a great hotel because the investment 's there and the facilities are great but in my opinion it all comes down to staff training .

i have stayed here twice now on business for full 7-10 day stays and am due to return in 2 weeks I am that happy with the hotel.It has a good location as a bit quieter than being down in Central and certainly has more ambience than the Four Seasons which , personally , I find quite sterile. Wanchai bars can be walked to and for business , depending on the heat , one can walk through HK Park to the business district which is a great way to start or finish a business day .

my family loves the Island Shangri-La .

if money is no object , this is a fantastic place to stay on Hong Kong side .

firstly , the hotel is located 10 minutes away by car from the main train station in downtown HK. Access is very easy and a shopping mall is just downstairs .

i had high expectations of this Hotel prior to arriving based on friends recommendations. I can happily report that things went well .

i stayed with a group of friends for couple of days shopping in Hongkong , the hotel is nicely located over a mall which is convinient from this point of view , the room is good and well equipped with all the needs of todays traveller .

we stayed at the Island Shangri-la in Hong Kong for 3 nights and we loved it. We really could n't fault anything that we experienced at the hotel. The hotel was beautiful with an amazing mural running the span of the floors which you can see as you go down in the glass life. Having not been to HK before we enlisted the help of the Concierge to help , what a gem of knowledge , he recommended us 2 restaurants both of which were superb and if we make it back to HK will be going to again. As you know it 's a life of who you know , and he got us into both on short notice when they were both heavily booked. The small touches make such a difference to you stay - a pot of tea on arrival as is customary with all Shangri-las , a basket of fruit , and after making our dinner reservations with the concierge at reception by the time we got to the room we had confirmation by fax , phone and on the TV - very slick. We used the gym and the pool and the facilities and service in both was fantastic .

  stay 25DEC-31DEC. Our 2nd visit and it didnot

really great location next to luxury shopping mall and park. We stayed in the lowest category room deluxe peakview and had no complaints. Service was excellent , staff could n't do enough for us and our 2 kids , great welcome. Breakfast amazing , loved the outdoor pool - a great stay .

once again , a great stay , upgraded to a harbour view as it was our silver wedding aniversary , flowers , fruit etc as well , i love this hotel so much , such humble and smilley staff considering it is regullaly voted one of the best hotels in the world for everything , fab possition , great rooms , wonderfull staff , do i own it or work for them ? no,we just love staying here , well done , shangri- la once again ! !

we stayed here for 3 nights. WE had an HARBOUR VIEW ROOM and the view is AMAZING ! THE bathroom has a TV for your VIEWING PLEASURE while you are soaking in the Bath TUB. THE bed is comfortable and the room is spacious. You can borrow items like baby food warmer or steam sterilizer , iPod speakers , humidifier etc free of charge. THE staff is FRIENDLY AND EFFICIENT BUT the bell boys are a LITTLE RUDE. THEY talked on handphones while on duty and we were completely invisible to them. WE caught 3 of them doing that

the Island Shangri-la is truly a grand hotel with service that goes above and beyond. I 've stayed there only twice this year but the staff made a note to remember my name and my preferences ! I felt very welcomed and was happy to return. The rooms are larger than your average hotel and you are always guaranteed a great view , either the peak or the harbor view will blow your mind ! Both the Lobster Bar and Petrus Restaurant serve amazing food and the gym and spa are up to standard. Great meeting rooms and business facilities with printers/scanner/fax in EVERY room - very convenient ! And the location is perfect with the MTR right under the hotel and shopping heaven a stone 's throw away. Always a great night 's sleep at the Island Shangri-la !

arrived at the airport and was whisked to the hotel by an in house limo. Checked in and received an upgrade due to my Golden Circle membership. Great service and fast laundry turnaround. Claude the concierge will set you up with whatever you need. Hotel car back to the airport and the bellman basically checked me in. Can not ask for better !

a short walk , via Pacific Place , to Admiralty MTR the Island Shangri-La is a real 5 star hotel. Fabulous service from all the staff and a nice big room on the 41st floor with a good view of the Peak. Also served well by the trams and buses and next to the delightful Hong Kong Park .

this was the first time I have stayed at a Shangri La hotel and I was not disapointed. I would go as far to say that i received the best service I have ever experienced .

this was my very first visit to Hong Kong and in the several days I was there I had several fairly complicated work-related things to accomplish .

fantastic                     . Have breakfast looking over the Harbor. Service is superb. Love the tea delivered to your room after check in .

hong Kong was the first stop on our 4 week honeymoon around the world.We were understandably exhausted after the wedding and flying from Ireland so were hoping to find that this hotel would be a place where we could relax and unwind..and boy did it deliver !

my husband and I have just returned from a trip to Hong Kong. We stayed 4 nights at the Island Shangri-La and it could not be faulted. We are not business travellers , just leisure travellers used to staying in good quality hotels and have visited two Shangri Las previously - Kuala Lumpur and Kota Kinabulu .

this hotel is certainly good enough as a business hotel. However , I really will not stay here for a leisure trip. As mentioned in another review , there are just no personal touches or charm. The staff is polite but the service is more mechanical , rather than from the heart. There is a pool , but it offers a view of skyscrapers nearby. It 's really quite hard to relax in this evironment .

every single member of staff we encountered was polite , efficient , and just a joy to meet .

i was there for one night. But it was just as I expected Shangri-la to be. Warm. Attention to the detail. Felt like the most important person in the world. I was at Shangri-la Kota Kinabalu and Jakarta. Never disappoints me. The location was great. The Pacafic Place was better than the IFC ; in its choice of place to eat and just the general ambience .

our week 's stay at the Island Shangri-la was a wonderful 50th birthday present from my husband. We had a room with a harbour view and whilst the view was not a harbour view in totality , I felt that it was pretty spectacular to say the least. My husband had asked for a deluxe room with a habour view near the top of the hotel and we were put in room 5112 which is on the 51st floor so I think his request was pretty much satisfied the hotel has 56 floors . On my birthday the staff sent up a card and birthday cake which was a lovely touch. We enjoyed a fabulous meal in the restaurant on the top floor and the service and view were spectacular. I felt that every attention to detail was made at this hotel. The staff were attentive and extremely curteous. Although the hotel appeared to have a large quota of business people staying there , I looked on this as a bonus , as there were thankfully no screaming children running amok. The hotel was well located for most sights to visit and l 'd definately stay there again .

recently stayed on the return from a trip to Asia having stayed at the Peninsula on the way out.My agent had an agreed upgrade from Peak view to Harbour view.On check in we were taken to a room that purported to have a harbour view.I was reminded of the early days of package holidays or seaside landladies when the &quot ; sea view&quot ; could be had by leaning out the widow with a giraffe like stretch to catch a glimpse of something blue ! .Yes the harbour could be seen but the main view was the high rise in front .

i 've stayed at many 5 star properties around the world , this one has to be my favourite. Everything about this hotel is effortless , luxurious and total bliss .

from start to finish this hotel provided the very best service and accomodation we have experienced in a long time , if ever. We booked a hotel limo to pick us up from the airport and that made the whole arrival completely stress free. The hotel staff are present in arrivals , making themselves known with announcement boards and whisking you straight to car. We were actually greeted on the steps of the hotel by a guest services manager a lovely girl called Elkie and taken to the room to complete check in. The harbour view room was beautifully laid out with a super bathroom , which included a seperate shower room and bathtub where you could watch a TV , set into the wall above the bath. The bed and bathroom were spotless , but the thing which singled this hotel out was the fabulous service provided by the staff. Most remember your name after a day and they seem to anticipate your needs almost before you realise you need something .

we have been staying at Island Shangri-la once every year for the past 7 years. They have continued to improve their service year after year. The service is impeccable. The rooms were renovated a couple of years ago and they added a modern twist. But the level of comfort and 'homeyness ' has been retained. With the Pacific Place mall right underneath the hotel , it is so convenient to just go down and shop , knowing that even if you carry a lot of bulky items. There is no worry about riding through the mrt or lining up to get a taxi. You can just catch the elevator and go right up to your room. It is always a perfect experience staying at the hotel .

originally wanted to stay at the Peninsula hotel in Kowloon. completely booked. secong best choice. great service...try CAFE TOO....great buffet.....all asian specialties...my wife 's birthday was on march 30...we went out to spoons resturant in Kowloon to celebrate..great food...great view of hong kong from this resturant....there is a free laser light show every night at 8 : 00 p.m....the high rise buildings in hong kong have lasers...incredible....try the resturant felix in the peninsula hotel in Kowloon. there is a bar above the felix resturant called the sky lounge..it opens at 6 : 00 p.m.....do n't get there after 6 : 15 pm and it will be packed.....two story of glass on the 26th floor...over looking hong kong harbor...amazing views. went back to our room at the island shangri-la and a birthday cake was in our room from the hotel staff......never told them it was her birthday...amazing service .

good hotel with very good service. For me it was lacking the special touch. Rooms are beginning to look a little dated with desks having seen better days and the goldish bathroom fixtures remindng me of the 70s/80s , sinks and bathtub with scratches and clearly quite a few years old. Common areas on the guest floors are OK but not the latest desgin/colors and feeling just a tad worn , lobby/entrance is better. The views from especially the higher rooms are nice .

i stayed here for two nights on the way back to England from a holiday in Australia , having previously stayed at the Shangri-Las in Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur. As this was my first visit to Hong Kong I booked a Harbour View room , and the hotel generously provided me with one on the 53rd floor .

my husband and I headed to Hong Kong for the first time in December. We had heard it was a great place to be for Christmas and could n't wait to enjoy a new scene .

i 'm here once or twice a year , and the standard of service and comfort remain unsurpassed. I could not ask for a better place to stay from a business standpoint .

our stay at the Shangri-La which was a surprise to me was everything that I could want and more !

this is the epitome of what a 5 * hotel should be. It can only be described as palatial ! The staff reception , doorman , waiters all were very helpful , polite and professional. I came here for a wedding and the banquet was amazing... the food , the atmosphere... just perfect !

a ravishing room on the 51st floor with a breathtaking view of Victoria harbour , only the view from the Petrus restaurant on the 56th floor is more impressive. Dinner here was good - although it would not merit Michelin stars nor Gault Millau toques and it has its price ‚ Ç ¨ 220 for a three-course dinner for two with one glas of wine and bottled water . The roasted duck breast was served without garnishments .

we stayed at Island Shangri-la from 11/17/06 to 11/21/06 Delux Habor View room and the experience was phenomenon .

my husband and I chose this hotel after extensive research both on here , other travel sites and personal experiences and we were absolutely not disappointed .

have just returned from staying at the shangri-la thought that the hotel itself was very good , The room that we had was very big bed was comfortable and every thing worked but also felt that there was something missing from the experiance which perhaps because the hotel was in a modern tower I dont know but all things considered would i stay here again probably not I would definatly try somewhere else .

this place is great. The welcome was impressive , the location is great above Pacific place and the MTR station .

i 'm not sure if we are just easily pleased , I certainly do n't think so but from the moment we arrived at the Shangri-La in Hong Kong we were smiling. We also stayed in a Delux Harbour View room which we thought was fantastic , from the view to the huge and very comfortable bed to the immaculate decor. Being on our honeymoon we also arrived to beautiful homemade chocolates and an amazing red rose arrangement which was a wonderful beginning to an amazing trip .

absolutely agree with the previous post. Nothing spectacular except the view , I don ‚ Ä ô t know what the fuzz is all about .

i spent a few nights at the Shangri La in August. I found the overall experience lacking .

i have to agree with the other reviewers. I have stayed in many five star hotels in Europe and the US and the Island Shangri-La is truly outstanding. The room was fantastic - spacious and well appointed , with almost everything you could want. The harbour view is well worth paying for. Excellent business centre and very good gym/fitnesscentre. The staff were great : genuinely friendly and helpful. I felt so well looked-after it was a real pleasure to stay there. I would not hesistate to book it again .

as just taken time to be able to write reviews , thought should reiterate the views of others. My mother and I spent 4 nights in hong kong before sunning ourselves in dubai earlier this year. This hotel was a wonderful haven in an extremely fast moving city. Very good service and comfortable rooms will ensure return to shangri la hotels .

you can read all of the eloquent , detailed , journal entries about the Shangri-La , but I offer my few quick takeaways :

this is our third stay in this hotel , and having tried several in Hong Kong this is the one we consistently return to simply because every time the staff make us feel like very welcome guests not just numbers .

stayed 5 nights at the beginning of our holiday touring China by train . We had opted for a harbour view and we thought it well worth the extra , we were on the 44th floor and could see all the traffic crossing Victoria Harbour. The room was large and very well appointed and the bathroom was wonderful with twin wash-basins , a bidet and separate walk-in shower - exactly what we had asked for ! Dined at the Summer Palace restaurant in the hotel one night , but found this very poor value compared to the excellent restaurants in the Mall below the Shangri La , the outstanding one being Zen. The hotel is very well placed for travelling round Hong Kong Island and within easy reach of the Star Ferry across to Kowloon. We did not use any of the organised tours , preferring to 'do it ourselves ' , and had great fun travelling on the trams very cheap too . We were also very impressed on our arrival by the efficiency of the Airport Express train which whisked us from the airport to Central Bus Station and included in the price was a bus service to the door of the Shangri La - all within an hour of landing ! We would thoroughly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure and would have no hesitation in returning .

on our recent honeymoon we were lucky enough to stay for two nights in this wonderful hotel .

i stay at the island SRL frequently with business , and it isconsistently excellent - staff are always amazing... Isupposethe only picky downside is if you like modern it may be a littlechinzy for you !

i was thoroughly impressed with the Island Shangri-La for a wide variety of reasons some of which I ‚ Ä ô ll go into more detail about below , but it primarily boils down to exceptional service. Clearly , this is an expensive hotel , but in this case I believe the adage ‚ Ä ú you get what you pay for ‚ Ä ù holds true .

well , let 's see. This hotel in my opinion is the flagship hotel for the shangri-la group. We alwalys stay at shagrila when we travel if there is one in the country where we are traveling to .

i stayed for two nights in March. Srvice was excellent. The hotel is located very nicely in the city center but very quiet. Direct excess to the pacific shopping mall. Nice rooms with a perfect view. I recommend it strongly .

there are so many positive things to say about this hotel that I do n't know where to begin. We had a warm welcome at 12 : 30AM after a long flight and they took care of everything from the bags to welcome tea in our room. During our stay , we had special requests from storing leftovers in their refrigerator to get getting best locations for shopping. Everything was handled with a positive attitude instead of the rolling eyes you sometimes get .

from the moment we arrived the service was excellent , we felt like we must be visiting dignatories !

what a lovely hotel situated on Hong Kong Island. Great views of the harbour and mountainside.Everyone was very accomodating even though our chinese was very poor. The rooms were immaculate. The beds were very firm and the bathroom was all marble and granite with flat screen tv...awesome. The restaurants in the hotel were very good and the bar was fun to meet new visitors like ourselves. For shopping , Hong Kong has something for everyone. There are a lot of upscale malls scattered throughout the city. We had the most fun at Stanley. Take the city bus only 5 dollars Double decker bus , like riding on a ride at Disneyland. Very narrow mountainous roads with very crazy drivers. Unless you are from the U.K. opposite side of road use taxis,subways,or walk.Very inexpensive and fun. Stanley has open markets and some of the best restaurants located on the shore. Cafe USA has an excellent menu. Take the tram to the Peak above the city. Breathtaking views with a mall and restaurants there. The ferry that travels back and forth from Hong Kong to Kowloon Penisula is about 35 cents and more fun,especially at night. Kowloon has great shopping and two fun Irish bars,Murphy 's and Delaney 's. The hotels that are on the water front have a tremendous laser light show at 8 : 00 p.m. Best inside view is from the Intercontinental Hotel Lounge. Large windows with the skyline view of Hong Kong. If you go , fly Cathay Pacific. They have great rates at hotels and provide free transportation to and from airport. That 's important....Enjoy

the Island Shangri-la Hotel is a good hotel - no doubt - but world-class - perhaps some years ago. The room that I received was large and had a spectacular view. But it felt very out-dated and even had the characteristic smell of mill-dew complaints about it did not help . Otherwise service was good and concierge-staff went out of their way to help. Breakfast buffet was good , but nothing extra-ordinary. The gym was perhaps the best feature of the hotel. The pool-area very average and sterile. When I come to Hong-Kong next and want a world-class luxury treat , I will definitely stay elsewhere. Probably at the Four Seasons which impressed. That is contemporary luxury. Fredrik/Stockholm

my wife and I were spending 4 nights in HK so we wanted :

i 've just returned from 3 days at this hotel - the booking made on the recommendation of others from this site. It was absolutely fantastic - clearly a 5 star hotel. Here are some of the reasons :

just back from a full week in the Island Shangri-La with my wife. I have to say that this is simply the best hotel I have ever stayed in .

my goodness me , this is a very , very upmarket hotel with beautiful views over causeway bay. It is pure opulence from start to finish. I stayed overnight on a business visit and I can honestly say it is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff are second to none and I honestly have nothing to say that could ever be bad about this hotel. Stay here if you can afford it ! It is SO worth it !

my boyfriend and I stayed at the Island Shangri-La from August 20-23 , ‚ Ä ò 05 during a stop over in Hong Kong while traveling to Bali and other parts of Asia this summer. Although we stayed at a number of other hotels in HK during our travels , the Island Shang set such a high standard that it remains for us the best hotel in Hong Kong .

the Shangri-La is a very solid 5 star hotel which has its strengths in particular in their service attitude , from the moment you are greeted at the airport until you leave Hongkong , they make you feel at home. The rooms are spacious , with the latest technology , one additonal plus would be if there would be a wireless broadband service. The restaurants are very good , I had dinner at the Lobster bar as well as breakfast and dinner at their all day buffet restaurant Cafe Too , both restaurant proved to be very good. Location of the hotel with their connection to MTR and Pacific place is wonderful. Can only recommend this wonderful hotel

this is a splendid hotel , exactly as on the Shangri La website. The levels of service are superb. Restaurants excellent. I was travelling with my two children aged 11 and 15. They loved the room - particularly the television in the bathroom and the view of the harbour. The fresh fruit and green tea on arrival were welcome. The pool is pleasant and the staff charming. We would be delighted to stay there again .

thanks for letting me to express my disappointment and disgracefulness with a so-called ‚ Ä ú Five Star ‚ Ä ù hotel in Hong Kong ‚ Ä ì Island Shangri-la Hotel. Even we were just a contractor our client was the company which rented the hotel ‚ Ä ô s ballroom for function , I could not imagine I deserve this kind of service and attitude from these people of this hotel .

this hotel is without a doubt the best hotel I 've stayed in - as alot of the previous reviews have stated every little detail is looked after and all without it being 'in your face ' - the subtle yet excellent service is what you are paying for .

excellent hotel stay. Service was impeccable. Fresh flowers &amp ; fruit delivered to our room. From the moment you arrive at the door they are helping you-- taking your luggage , escorting you to the reservation desk. We only ate at 2 of the restaurants ? ? names , but both meals were great. Hotel was in good central proximity to MTR , shopping , sites. Rooms were well appointed. Staff was very friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel .

my husband and I travelled to Hong Kong for a quick weekend getaway. The hotel was fine except we had a pretty bad experience at the hotel 's Japanese restaurant , Nadaman .

my partner and I have just returned from this hotel today , having spent 3 nights in Hong Kong to celebrate my 40th Birthday. I spent a long time weighing up the pros and cons of spending the money to stay here and all the other reviews significantly influenced our final decision and were so useful and correct - so thank you to all of you ! We were not disappointed !

