great hotel with good service , nice ambience and decor. wished there are wifi though , anyway the whole stay was a great experience and I will defnitely go back again !

i love the location of the hotel. Quite near MTR station &amp ; there are a lot of food and shopping choices in the vicinity .

small but comfortable hotel , close to the metro for easy access to the attractions of Central and Kowloon. The room was compact but well thought out and well equipped , the staff were pleasant and helpful. The restaurant was being renovated during our stay but there are plenty of places to eat in the surrounding streets and plazas .

i love this place ! The white interior and design in the apartment gives it a soothing and home kind of feeling to it. It 's like coming &quot ; home&quot ; , since the look and feel of the place is like it could be your home .

my wife and I spent seven wonderful nights at this hotel , in a studio room , and could not fault it. The staff were very friendly and very helpful at all times , obviously enjoying their work environment. As is the norm for Hong Kong hotels , the room was not large , but it was very well laid out with a host of features - plenty of storage space , free internet cables and adaptor plug provided , TV that rotated 360 degrees , even a small kitchette with hotplate and microwave .

i stayed here overnight while in transit. The whole place has a feeling of calm and the decor is definitely &quot ; one-off&quot ; in a very subtle way. The hotel staff could not do enough to make us comfortable but in an unobtrusive quiet way. And very reasonably priced .

we loved this hotel and would stay again ! The hotel was beautifully designed and very clean , with a free bottled water , espresso/coffee , and soft drinks available 24-7. The rooms were medium-sized and nicely done with a comfortable bed and nice linens. The free continental breakfast was excellent and they have free washers and dryers for use. The hotel was a 4 minute walk to the metro and was within 3 minutes to the huge mall and shopping area. French restaurant nearby , but we enjoyed eating near the outdoor escalators in Central and Soho most. The concierge and front desk helped with directing us--service was excellent. Our fave places to eat : Eat Right off escalators , iCaramba mexican and Hong Kong Brew Company great food &amp ; beer ! Asked the concierge for directions and she looked it up on the internet , wrote the name and address in Chinese , and gave us a map !

this hotel is a little gem. And when I say little , I certainly mean it. Everything from the rooms , the lobby , the elevator foyer , the hallways and even the chairs are small. But it was staffed with very helpful , well-informed employees who exuded calm competence. We appreciated the morning continental breakfast - nice selection of cereals , fruit , breads and yogurt. As has been said in earlier reviews , the rooms are small but well designed and I think that rooms in HK are generally very petite as we also stayed at Langham Place and the rooms there were also small tho that hotel was a much larger and more full service experience . Causeway Bay is a great , bustling spot perfect for touring the city. There are lots of both luxury and not so luxury shopping options and the streets surrounding the hotel are full of local residents and tons of dining options. I would definitely recommend this hotel for guests who do no require over the top 5-star luxury but who do appreciate cleanliness , good design and an excellent value in a great HK neighborhood. Note that we did n't try the in room dining options or the restaurant that just opened in the hotel .

my partner and I stayed at JIA HONG KONG for 5 Nights and loved the entire experience .

we loved the little touches - continential breakfast in lobby , unlimited softdrinks and water 24hrs a day and FREE WINE in the lobby in the evenings. The hotel is swanky and funky , its only downfall being that the rooms are a bit small expected for HK but well equipped. Suprisingly quite on the higher floors .

so what if its Philippe Starck-designed interiors do n't pack that quite of a trendiness punch they did four years ago ? This is still a great place to stay , and offers wonderful service , a comfortable room and peace and quiet amid the busy city. I enjoyed my three recent nights there .

i found JIA while looking for smaller but nicer accommodations in Hong Kong. The studio room was a bit too small for my needs but it was tolerable , maybe because the bed was too big for the room space. If I am not mistaken , the studio room is about 30 sqm but it had a receiving area plus a tiny kitchen in it too. Bathroom size is okay. I just had some problems with the water pressure but it was addressed immediately .

stayed at the Jia in one of their studio rooms type 2 for one night this past weekend .

we have just returned from Jia and will definitely stay there if we visit Hong Kong again. The hotel is pretty and the standard studios , whilst small , are exceptionally well designed to make up for it. The only negative is the unusually noisy air conditioning which is situated directly above the bed in the studios. Every night sounded like a storm was raging outside - to the extent that the night a typhoon actually hit Hong Kong we didnt realise. However , everything else was excellent , particularly the charming and friendly staff who made us feel at home the minute we arrived and were unbelievably polite to the many guests complaining that the city was on shutdown due to the force 8 typhoon on shutdown because it was dangerous to travel - although of course hotel staff are obliged to come in ! . The restaurant / bar is currently closed for refurbishment and I wondered whether that accounted for the particularly homey feel , and the relatively low rate we got by booking direct through the hotel 's web page .

i first stayed at Jia last year , and I 've been back twice most recently for two nights in early April '08 . There 's a lot to like about this small 50-some studio and suite apartments boutique hotel , and if you 're an independent traveler seeking style , comfort , and value in an HK hotel , I highly recommend the Jia .

positives are the location , good room size by Hong Kong standards for the price , the design in general and the good roomy shower. Negatives are that the lighting over the bed made it difficult for one person to read while the other slept , the mirror in the bathroom was not usable for anyone under 5ft 6in , there was a lot of outside noise , and the room was cold it was February . The last two were exacerbated by the fact there was only single glazing on the windows , which is odd for a modern building .

have read a few reviews stating that the rooms are small... I stayed here in Jan 08 on 22nd floor one bedroom suite and it was far from small. Fitted with small but funtional kitchen who dines in in HK anyway , large lounge , day bed room , big bathroom and a perfect sized bedroom being that you only need the bed. I wish i had bought the CD that was the sound track to many drunken returns .

we spent 2 nights at the end of Feb 08 here .

this is a classic case of too much focus on how the place looks and not enough on what customers actually want. And do n't misunderstand , I am in my 30 's , love design and usually like individual hotels. The issues : -

jia is beautifully designed and had some really nice touches. The studio suites are small but I 'm a solo traveller so it suited me. If you 're a couple or a family , go for a larger size apartment or suite .

just returned from our honeymoon overseas , we laid over in Hong Kong to break the long journey back to Sydney. Having expreienced the regular Hong Kong hotels in the past , JIA hotel was a divine experience in comparison. Classy , quality and aesthetic touches abound and made it difficult to leave the room .

it 's not a hotel . It 's an apartment building with noisy small rooms and no heating. The interior was ok and the service was satisfactory

what the JIA spent on design it certainly did not spend on construction. This is a very noisy hotel. All the street noise is transmitted through single pane windows and through air shaft in the bath. We have had to change rooms after being told it would n't make a difference. It did n't. Free Internet and breakfast certainly a plus but not worth a good nights sleep. Staff is very helpful .

the Jia is a young hip and cool place to stay in HK. There are lots of places to eat on Irving. It is only a 2-3 blocks away from SOGO and the MTR. There are some great shops in the Causeway Bay area , all within walking distance. Times Square is about a quick 10-12 minute walk away. If shopping is your thing , its hard to beat the convenience and the price of this hotel. The staff are all courteous and helpful. The free continental breakfast every morning is a nice touch , do n't forget the fresh OJ. There is also complimentary gym passes to California Fitness close to Times Square. Good facilities and not too busy. There is also a laundry place right behind the hotel. Only $ 28 hkd to do a bag of laundry and you get it back in an hour. Just make sure you separate your whites and colours ! As you will guess , I highly recommend this place to stay. Also be sure to check out LKF if you like your drinks. Its a fun happening area almost every night .

just back from a long weekend in Hong Kong where we stayed at the Jia .

stayed 5 nights at the Jai Hotel

my family and I stayed at JIA for a week this past September in one of their penthouse units , which is a two-level unit with two bedrooms , two baths , kitchen , dining room and living room. It was definitely spacious and a good value compared with booking two traditional hotel rooms in Hong Kong of this property class .

jia Boutique hotel is a fantastic alternative to giant luxury hotels in Hong Kong , it is modern , small , stylish Philippe Starck design and personable. Great location as well in Causeway bay. Fabulous restaurant is right downstairs and has a good barscene at night .

my wife and I stayed at the Jia during a 2-night layover in Hong Kong and really enjoyed the hotel .

i ca n't recommend this place highly enough. Honestly , my two stays here have been faultless .

i stayed at the Jia twice in August. Overall the experience was excellent. My comments -

i stayed here for 4 nights with my partner last August on our way to Europe. Like most people , I was initially attracted to the hotel because of its Phillip Starck design , and it certainly did not disappoint on that score , but its famous designer does somewhat overshadow the fact that this is a great little hotel in every way .

this was my second time at Jia in Hong Kong. And I loved to be back. People working at Jia are friendly and very helpfull whenever you need help. Hotel rooms at Jia made me feel being home while away...Very comfortable bed , great shower and if you want you even make your own breakfast using small kitchen unit... There are wash and dry machines available to wash your clothes. The only thing I miss at Jia is a gym but they do offer complimentary entrance to the gym very close from Jia self . Breakfast room is small and have small choice of food but good enought to start the day ! I will be back... .

pros - very clean newly designed rooms , great location for shopping and sightseeing on Hong Kong.there is a highly rated bar and restaurant -Opia attached to the hotel and you can get room service. Open plan suite layout was good - although quite small but perfect as a base for a slightly longer stay in Hong Kong .Hotel staff friendly and helpful .

langham Place was fully booked during my business trip to Hk last week. So I decided to go for JIA after reading so much about it. Thought it will be a nice change from large hotels .

we stayed at the Jia Boutique Hotel from January 9-16 , 2007. There were four of us : 2 adults and our two sons , ages 14 and 20. We absolutely loved this hotel. We stayed in the Penthouse Suite -- two bedrooms and baths and a daybed in the living room. It was a perfect setup for us. Our sons each had their own space and their own bathroom .

we stayed in a studio suite and a 1bedroom apartment suite on our way to and from Europe. The studio suite was quite small but so compact and well designed with a mini kitchenette , marble bathroom and flat screen tv. It also had excellent a/c and very good value room service from Y bistro downstairs in the hotel .

we stayed in the penthouse of this hotel for 5 nights. we were3 adults. it was nice. u had ur own kitchen , dining table for 8 , washer/dryer , 3 lcd tv 's , dvd players , and comfi beds and 2 good size bathrooms. it wasnt cheap comparing to 5 star hotels actually the same price. but u dont have pool , no view at all , simple continental breakfast which was more then enough to start u up , no 24 hour room service. i liked that there is a place down with water and joices and some cakes all day free. the location is ok. close to metro but its in the crowded and cheap part of the town. overal ok but with the price im giving i would stay in 5 star hotel with harbour view and pool .

a stop for a honeymoon trip , pleasant and peaceful atmosphere. THe rooms a rea really convenient. It is exactly like if you had your own appartment in the center of HK. The decoration is really hype , good atmosphere , you can go with children as the room are quite spacious at least the one we had . We recommend

the AREA

after business in Kuala Lumpur , I decided that I needed some serious R&amp ; R and catch up with friends in Hong Kong. I hadn â € ™ t been there for about four years so I really needed to get reacquainted with the local scene .

we stayed at the Jia for our week 's vacation in Hong Kong and absolutely loved it - rooms are spacious , white and cool with funky touches loved the hotel 's CD . Breakfast buffet is good and the adjacent Ys 'bistro ' serves great Asia/fusion food. Staff are friendly and helpful plus the location is just great - Causeway Bay is non-stop shopping and restaurants , plus the MTR station is a 2 minute walk from the hotel. If you 're a Malmaison fan you 'll find this a home from home !

we stayed at the Jia for 4 nights with our 6 year old son. We had a suite , which was more of a bijou apartment , with a kitchenette and plenty of storage .

rooms are too small , breakfast is boring , location is so-so and for the same rate you can get much better options .

beautiful lobby , beautiful rooms , great amenities , could plug our ipod into the tv/ surround sound system and chill out. Loved the free soft drinks all day plus cocktail hour - free wine - always good !

you ca n't go wrong with this hotel for your next trip to Hong Kong. We stayed for 3 days and found the hotel to be clean , the staff friendly , and the location very convenient. There are several subway stops nearby to take you to any part of Hong Kong you may want to go ; Victoria Park is just around the corner for those looking for sports activities the park has an excellent tennis facility and of course , lots of shops to visit. We even found a Bank of America ATM a half block away. The regular rooms are small but the layout of our room made the most of the space. The continental breakfast each morning and the self-service refreshment bar in the lobby are an added bonus , as well as the &quot ; Happy Hour&quot ; hosted by the hotel in the early evenings. All were included in our room rate and made a great value even better. I would stay at this hotel again even without these freebies .

we had a perfect experience at this hotel. First of all the price was right , we paid about $ 190 US per night. The hotel is brand new , the staff was very nice and spoke good english , the room was great with plasma TV , fridge and an excelent shower. Breakfast in the morning was great and you can take water , soda and juices to your room for free. Room service was also very nice and the limo to the airport brand new Mercedes was worth the $ 90 .

hong Kong is the classic ex-pat kind of city that believes style has to equal a fair dollop of chintz and gold. If it were not for the Felix Bar at the top of the Peninsula I ca n't think of a reason to pay it a visit and actually even the bar is not that great compared to Aqua . So pushing the grand old dames of so called class and grandeur aside....I was overjoyed to fall upon Hotel JIA .

