i 'd read various reviews of this hotel on other sites particularly on this site so had an idea of what to expect beforehand .

i stayed in this hotel 3 times in the past 2 years - awesome value ! Spacious room for HK standards and very clean ! Modern interior , funky blind-drawing toilet ! ha !

this hotel was on the cheap end , so while I was n't expecting much , I was hoping that it would at least be clean. They were. The rooms actually look exactly like how they do on the website .

stayed in June for a couple of nights during a Hong Kong stopover .

lovely spot , definitely made special by the staff ,the room was fine , bathroom was small and tv with many channels , discovery channel repeat ! The staff were extremely helpful , would like to thank them very much and will defintely be recommending them ! I would still definitely recommend this place though .

we chose JJ hotel for its price and location. From the airport we took bus A-11 and got off at Steward road opposite the Caltex petrol pump. The hotel is 7-8 min walk from the bus stop. Ask for Wan Chai road and it is right there. We have two small children and had two suitcases but found the walk etc very comfortable. The hotel is lcoated on 9-11 floor of Lucky Plaza and is on a busy street. It is very close to Causeway bay.....10 min walk. The Times sqaure in Causeway Bay was very beautifully done up cos of Christmas. We also walked to the ferry station , took ferry to Kowloon and then took bus to Science museum which the kids loved as it is very interactive .

'good value ' seems to imply cheap and nasty , but JJ Hotel is anything but. My partner and I stayed for a week at JJ and were stoked with the room and the staff .

i 'm going to make this brief. This hotel was on the cheap end , so while I was n't expecting much , I was hoping that it would at least be clean. They were. The rooms actually look exactly like how they do on the website .

i ve been there last year for business trip. The room is very clean and looks good. It would be a good nap space for you in HK .

this hotel occupies four floors of the Lucky Centre building , a 10 minute walk from Wan Chai MTR Station Exit A3 . It was clean and quiet , despite being on a busy street. A safe building with 24 hour security in the lobby. Other amenities included free wireless internet and complimentary bottles of water. Upon check-in , we received coupons for free cheesecake or two large beers. We had a room with a comfortable king size bed. Bathroom is transparent with glass doors. You can pull down blinds for some privacy but sometimes it was a hassle , especially when you needed to use it in a pinch. Must be careful to aways leave the a/c on when taking a shower ; otherwise , fire alarm may go off. We booked this hotel with Agoda.com - no issues .

the hotel is just over a year old so everything is in top condition. It 's not even a full hotel building since it 's spread out over several floors of the Lucky Centre in Wan Chai. However as far as cleanliness , modern surroundings and room pricing...it ca n't be beat especially for being in Hong Kong island. You can get modern rooms in other districts but staying in Wan Chai makes you feel like you 're somewhere different and not just another big metropolis .

i would say if you are going to hong kong as a tourist this is the best place to stay in very centrally located , comfortable and affordable for the price what you pay .it is right in the heart of the city and as you come out there are tramps , metros and bus very comfortable any body from india going to sightseeing should stay here with family excellent place. and good eating joint near by a pakistani resturant at the back of the hotel .

having stayed in a few hotels in Hong Kong over the years and having lived in Hong Kong for 18 months I feel I 'm quite well qualified to comment on accomodation in this amazing city. The JJ Hotel is not a big glamorous hotel as it is spread over floor 9 and 10 of the Lucky Centre in Wan Chai on HK Island. However as far as rooms and service goes it 's excellent. The rooms and beds are very large most HK hotel rooms are like cupboards with a bed in clean and well serviced. My room had a huge walk in shower as well as a bath with a second shower over it. Also there were tea / coffee facilities , an in room safety deposit box and a good sized wardrobe. Wireless internet access was included and worked without problem for the whole week I stayed at the JJ. The hotel is located in easy walking distance 10 minutes of the Wan Chai Convention Centre and is about a 5 minute walk from the Wan Chai MTR station. Also within easy reach of the hotel are supermarkets there 's one below the hotel , McDonald 's , coffee shops and pharmacies. Also within walking distance 1Km is the lively bar and restaurant area of Wan Chai. Make sure you have the address with you as I got a taxi back to the hotel on 3 occassions and the taxi driver did not know the hotel. Pick up a hotel name card at reception and keep it with you at all times and you 'll be fine .

we were really happy with this hotel. It was clean , spacious for Hong Kong and the location could n't be better - right in the thick of the action , and only minutes from the MTR. It was incredible value for money , and the staff were helpful and pleasant. I would recommend it to anyone. We went their for an anniversary treat and although I would n't class it as the most romantic of hotels , it suited us just fine. Great street markets and a huge selection of local restaurants are just minutes from the hotel. My only small complaint was a toilet that emmited a high pitch squeak in the middle of the night , and you had to get up and flush it to stop the noise ! ! Overall very happy and would n't hesitate in recommending it .

arrived in a taxi cheap in HK which is probably best as it is a very busy area although MTR station Wanchai only 10 mins walk away. Taxi driver unaware of the hotel and it does n't look much from the outside being part of an office block. Not a tourist hotspot but turn left outside hotel for MTR and tram and you can walk along a pedestrian walkway to HK Convention Center in about 20 mins , 5 mins further to Wanchai Star Ferry across harbour to Kowloon. Turn right and 10-15 min walk to the Times Square huge shopping mall with nice restaurants in Causeway Bay. My room was a JJ Premier Rm 1205 , which was nice and big for HK , with a King bed and bathroom with bath an walk-in shower. Bathroom separated with glass walls , which works well but could provide a privacy issue for some sharers. Once I logged on to the correct connection there seem to be a few possibilities the free wi-fi worked fine - a definite attraction in choosing this hotel. In this day and age , all hotels should offer this service. The 12th floor was fine but it smelt cigarette-smokey on the 10th floor. Otherwise clean and modern. The windows open too ! Nice wall-mounted TV , shame about the 6 channels on offer. They rent DVDs if you 're interested. Bed is very hard. Personally , I would n't recommend it with children in tow. McDonalds , Delifrance in CCU ? Building across road and Starbucks , Burger King close by turn right in parallel main road , 100m , on other side of CCU . Local bakery next door good for cheap bread , croissants and cakes. Having had a few initial reservations about the hotel 's situation , it is great value for HK .

i only have a few negatives that have n't been mentioned :

service  friendly and helpful staff , available 24hrs-reply emails from US within 15mins to 1 hour , they made sure we have fresh towels even we put a &quot ; Do not Disturb&quot ; sign .

we stayed here for about $ 55 on Agoda.com. The bed was big and very comfortable. The location was exceptional. It is an easy walk to the metro or a tram. Cable TV only has 1 or 2 English channels. I did n't use the internet , but it appears that it was n't very accessible in the room. I will definitely stay here again , but probably not on business .

the room is great , worth every discounted penny we get.. It 's probably not the greatest since the curtain of the glass bathroom was rather teared up when we were there , the wall is rather thin and we can hear water piping flow from room next door , but it 's not pricey , and not that far to tram and MTR. The room we had was quite spacious for HK standard , and more importantly clean and quite comfortable. Downstairs , they have wellness supermarket , so it 's really easy to grab something. The street also full of small shops and restaurant .

got the rooms for a good price online , considering how expensive accommodation is in Hong Kong. Since it occupies a few floors in a building as opposed to the whole building being a hotel , it might be quite hard to spot it among the various signboards sticking out of every corner but having the exact address did help .

this hotel is a great find ! We stayed in Hong Kong for 7 nights in September and so many of the hotels we looked at seemed quite expensive but JJ hotel was extremely reasonable Â £ 218 for a double room for 7 nights so we decided to go for it ! The hotel is in a very good location on Hong Kong island , about 5mins walk from Wanchai MTR station. There is a supermarket right outside the hotel , and a few 7 elevens along the road , as well as restaurants and bakeries. There are tram stops and bus stops just minutes down the road too. The hotel is on a busy road but we did n't hear any noise throughout our stay. Check-in was very quick and hassle-free and we were very happy with our room. The room was spacious , very clean and comfortable. The bed was also very big although only 1 pillow each which was find with us but may be a problem for some . There was a wardrobe with a a safe , tea/coffee making facilities , a fridge , tv and dvd player , free bottles of water and complementary bathroom amenities shower gel , showercap etc . Worth mentioning as well is that the walls of the bathroom are glass but there are blinds which you can pull down if you like !

on entering our room on the 10th floor we were overwhelmed with the smell of dampness. We soon discovered that the carpet was all wet. On exiting our room to explore Hong Kong , we found that the whole floor smelt of mildew we initally had n't noticed it , thus we did n't bother asking to change rooms , because it seemed the whole place had a water problem. We tried to keep the windows open during the day to air out the room , but they were always closed by housekeeping. Even the bed pillows , sheets etc felt slightly damp , which made it uncomfortable to sleep on , and there was mould through-out the glassed bathroom which just added to our negative feeling for the hotel .

yes , JJ hotel is indeed a nice and affordable price - quality hotel at a good location close to the Tramway and on walking distance to all sorts of shops . However , it is a small business hotel n Ã ² t specifically used to deal with small children : eg. no baby cot available , tucked away in an appartment building , on the 7th floor very small elevator ; not for claustrophobics No fancy lobby but nice modern and quiet rooms with all amenities. Nice soft mattresses and beautiful bathroom !

we arrived in Hong Kong at about 9am and the room was n't ready but the hotel took our suitcases and said the room would be ready at 2pm .

i stayed in JJ for 1 night. Located in walking distance from MTR Wang Chai line. Room are quite small but they are comfortable equiped. The hotel is located in 9-12 floor of the Lucky Centre Building. In 5th floor is located restaurant which is OK if you do not want to go out for dinner. The staff was very helpfull with organizing all my activities there. If I am in Hong Kong again I will definitely stay there again .

spent a week in the JJ.... got great internet deal. Best location possible in HK in my opinion. Only a star ferry ride away from tourist mecca but zero hassle from touts ! Wanchai is in 'the thick of the action ' ! Plenty to do , loads of local eateries and drinking joints. We ate for peanuts every night elbow to elbow with locals so you know you are eating well and for good value. Just walk out the door of JJ and up any side street and you 'll find plenty of great authentic eating spots. Pubs are plentiful as well. The JJ rooms are very nice - huge bed 6 footer ! very plush and comfortable. Spotless room and bathroom. The bathroom all glass is a bit of fun and very private if you close the blinds : - . The showers are double size and very powerful and again spotlessly cleaned every day. Flat screen TV , free strong wireless internet in the room. No extras but you just walk outside the door of the hotel for food and drinks in fact you can get food in the building there is a restaurant in the complex . The JJ is like 2 floors of a tall building.. you never see reception except when you check in and check out ! It makes for a very independent stay - we loved it all. We took the cheap airport bus not shuttle from the airport for a few dollars - the guy on the bus counter at the airport knew the stop and told where to get off and it was only 5 mins walk. We used the In Town Checkin and High Speed Train for returning to the airport and it was brilliant - highly recommend doing that on the return leg. All in all well recommended for value and location - we totally loved it. Photos as on the site ... rooms look exactly as on their site .

stayed in June for a couple of nights during a Hong Kong stopover .

we stayed at jj for 5 days and 4 nights and it was great ! the room was crisp clean with new furnitures. hotel staff was friendly , accommodating and helpful. they 're complete with everything you need to make your stay comfortable. the bed was big for a queen size , can fit 3 people comfortably. they even made a pseudo vanity table with the wooden platform beside the side table with a mirror behind it. = i had to admit that i was concerned about the bathrooms having glass walls , but turned out , they have pull-down covers for that , but you can easily hear everything happening inside. the toiletries , tea and complimentary water are replenished daily and they even provide your own water heater and cups .

we got a nice room for just 330 HKD per day - which has a king size bed and LCD tv. It 's really a great deal given it 's annual sale peak season for HK .

pleasant hotel in the Wanchai district of Hong Kong. Walking distance to train , harbour , restaurants , night life etc

we stayed at JJ Hotel for three nights ; got a special promotion 15 Euros pppn ! and it was great. Helpful and polite staff , very spacious clean rooms , nice design , all special extras that you expect from a four star hotel except breakfast , but that was no problem - made our stay in HK perfect .

this is a no frills hotel has hair dryer but no hair conditioner . It was one of cheapest we found with decent reviews. The check-in area is on the 9th floor and there is no lobby. There are restaurants in the same building , but not part of the hotel. It is close the subway , about 7 minute walk and there is never a lack of taxis. Staying here offers a much more a local feel , as it is not touristy like Tsim Sa Tsui. The only bad thing about my stay was that the room had a mildew smell , which is why I rated it poor. However , the friends I was traveling with , staying in a different room , had no smell in their room. Because I was staying there for 6 nights and the hotel didn â € ™ t have any other room available for that long , they weren â € ™ t able to switch rooms .

as most of the other reviews have suggested , there is quite possibly no better value in Hong Kong then the JJ Hotel. In a city with tremendous amount of things to do the only things my girlfriend and I were looking for were a clean hotel room located in a reasonably good area.Well,I 'm happy to report that we received that and more ! The hotel rooms were much more spacious then I had expected , extremely modern , and came with amenities such as free wi-fi , bath robe/slippers , and your basic toiletries which some other hotels would make you pay for. Unless you 're looking to stay at the Peninsula or a hotel of this kind , staying in place other then the JJ is a disservice to not only you but your wallet as well ! Go out and get a custom made suit with the money you 've saved !

just got back from Hong Kong and a 3 night stay at the JJ hotel. For 345 HKD a night 48USD , it is as good as you get in Hong Kong. Fair size room , good location , very clean rooms , new hotel. Walking distance from all the shopping malls. I have travelled around Asia a bit and stayed in a few really nice hotels found on Traveladvisor. However , this is my first review , coz in my opinion this is best value for you money .

seemed too good to be true. 50 USD a day gets you a modern , fair-sized room by HK standards in a great location , a short walk from the Wan Chai MTR station. It is a bit confusing trying to find it for the first time , but once you know where it is it 's easy to find after that. Take a taxi the first time then you 'll be fine. The free wireless Internet is the fastest I 've ever used from a hotel. There is a small grocery store below the hotel , I 'd recommend taking advantage of it because my minibar was empty. Staff was helpful but did n't need them much. DVD players in every room and lots of DVDs to borrow , and provided a complimentary copy of China Daily .

save your money for the attractions in Hong Kong. JJ Hotel offers a comfortable room at about a third of the price of larger hotels. It 's a quick walk to nightlife in Wan Chai , the star ferry that takes you to Kowloon , and a quick walk to the MTR Station. Book your room [ -- ] to get a good deal. Be sure to try their hot pot at Megan 's Kitchen .

we spent 6 nights at JJ Hotel just last week. Since we were 3 adults on a holiday with 3 kids aged 5,3 &amp ; 3 twins , we were nervous about the hotel. However , the staff was most obliging and friendly and the rooms were were scrupulously clean .

hotel Location is not very appropriate if shopping is the main agenda. Need to get familiar with the landmark of the location due to multiple streets leading to the area around the hotel. I got in a cab and asked him to drop me at the hotel from the convention center but I realized I was dropped at the same location after charging me 16 Dollars. The Hotel inside is good very helpful. Except they charge you something in advance and if you wish to pay by card they again charge you when you finally check out. So it is better to asked them to pay not just lock the amount from the card as the money do not get refunded easily from the locked amount as advance. Just pay by cash that 's the best thing and if you wish to pay by card tell them to charge and not lock the amount. It took me three months to get the refund of the amount which was locked but while checking out I was charged for the whole stay once again and in the process ended up paying twice and took three months to get the first part I paid. Chinese people still believe in CASH not cards so you are better off paying in cash to save you all the problem after the trip. However I should not forget to mention the staff who are very very friendly and helpful always with a smile

we found this hotel based on the reviews of TripAdvisor. The reviews are excellent and right on the target. We have been to HK many times and stayed at other hotels with higher rates. Compared to those we have stayed , this one is by far the best value one can get in HK. It 's location , size and staff are great. Even the rooms are packed in 4 floors , our room is surprisingly quiet. It is a short cab ride from HK station for Airport Express and one block away from cable car. This hotel has become our favorite and will stay again if we ever return. We only wish we had found it earlier .

we loved the JJ : central location , nice decor , clean , and at an excellent price HKD450 ! Staff spoke good English and were helpful e.g. , helped us find the address of a restaurant that we only knew the name and neighbourhood of . Not far from metro , tram or Wan Chai ferry pier. Lots of food in the area -- we enjoyed breakfast at the Honolulu Cafe near the metro station. Would definitely stay here again. The glass bathrooms are entertaining , too .

excellent JJ ! Efficient reception staff. Great location , modern , stylish , big enough for 2 room standard - comfortable for a traveller who is looking for a little design boutique hotel experience. Nice open views to the hills from the 11th floor smoking . All the services one can want and imagine incl. I-One internet place within a short walk. It ai n't Peninsula for sure but for the price paid under â ‚ ¬ 50 per night it 's in a league of it 's own in HK !

if your looking for a 4 star room only w/o amenities pool , bars , grand lobby with affordable price , JJ is the answer , booking is cheaper thru asiatravel.com than official website , we stayed there for 3 nights , room is larger than std room of other hotels , king bed can accomodated 3 person , very clean bathroom , spotless , TV has 8 channels only , It 's location is not actually hard to find but the location map in the official website make it more complicated. best route is took an MTR go to WAN CHAI station at exit at A3. once you exit at A3 you are already at JOHNSTON ROAD not Hennesy roads as stated in website location map , just cross the street , you will see WING LUNG BANK , TURN left then after 400 meters you will reach an intersection of Johnston and wan chai road , Just walk STRAIGHT follow the 7-11 Shop Do not follow the railroad track , after passing 7-11 about 300 meter you will see another 7-11 store and CAFE DE CORAL at the corner , just walk straight the about 300 meters again you will see welcome store beside is already JJ hotel , if you will took a taxi just tell the taxi CHARTER HOUSE hotel , charter house is also located on the same street/same side , 5 min walk to JJ , the only downside of this hotel is that they do n't have a heater on the air conditioned and they dont have a bellboy

jj Hotel is situated in the middle of Wang Chai Road. It is on the 9th , 10th and 11th floor of a building which contains offices and a few restaurants. There really isnt a lobby as such but once you get into your room , it is roomy and extremely clean , Flat screen TV &amp ; DVD player , Modern bathroom and shower but it is all glass and so you have to know your partner well ; o Having said this you can pull the blinds down on all sides. Only 5 minutes from the station. The train service is clean , fast and efficient. Our find was the Irish pub &quot ; Delaneys&quot ; on Luard street which serves great food and happy hour from 12 noon to 9pm. As we had been travelling alot in Asia , this was a welcome change from rice with every meal. Ideal for a short stay and sight seeing .

one of those compact hong kong experiences : a hand full of rooms shoved inside two floors of a tall building container. JJ is very affordable , clean , and 80s-mod. service is good with a small DVD library , free-wireless , and a cushy bed...amenities perfect for a short business trip. location is excellent : 8 minute walk to Wanchai subway and a 15 minute walk to Causeway Bay shopping. book the biggest suite if you can. we had one incident with the &quot ; touchy&quot ; fire alarm but still one of our best HK finds .

a bit difficult to find , hotel reception located on 9th floor. Great value booking via Asiatravel.com , at 420 HKD per night. No frills boutique design hotel , rooms are clean , large comfy king size bed with see thru glass bathroom , although one can draw down the blinds for privacy. rooms also starting to show its age a little. LCD TV and DVD player witha library of films to choose from at reception free of charge , electronic safe , ample bathroom amenities and complimentary bottled water , No breakfast included but try Cafe de Coral 2 minutes walk away , other convenience stores such as 7-11 are nearby. Walking distance to Wanchai nighlife and MTR takes 10 miutes , shopping in Causeway Bay 15 minutes. This hotel is thoroughly recommended for travellers on a budget .

the JJ hotel is the best possible scenario when travelling to Hong Kong .

i booked a room for two this last Chinese New year for only HKD500 a night. Even with the map of the hotel I got from the web , the taxi driver could n't find the place. We passed the hotel without noticing it. Cafe de Coral and Wellcome Supermarket are better landmarks .

jj is a little small but then again , its Hong Kong what do you expect , however.. it was still above average.. .

we stayed three nights last Sunday in a Superior Room - very roomy by Hong Kong standards , and quiet - I am a light sleeper ! Good value as we got a good rate from www.asiatravel.com. Very good location for transport buses , trams , 7 mins to Wan Chai MTR , eating would recommend Charlie 's Place no MSG , Landale Street - turn left on exiting hotel and past Wan Chai MTR , follow the tram line two stops from hotel , shopping loads of outlets , if looking for designer bargains . Very safe area even walking around at night. It is a modern hotel , with modern facilties , but do n't expect a large lobby as it is actually on the 9th Floor of a building called Lucky Centre with 24 hour security , that is why taxi drivers are not familiar with it - they confuse it with the Chaterhouse Hotel on the same road , which has a lobby from the street. Compared to other hotels I have stayed at for this price in Hong Kong , this is the most clean , comfortable , and roomiest. The glass walls of the ensuite bathroom was novel , we just drew one side of the blinds facing the bed and it was no hassle , and acted like a room divider. Our check out at 5am for our flight home , was done very quickly by a very efficient and cheerful receptionist. Would definitely stay again .

lets see why I said so.. .

we were looking for a modern hotel with a good location to stay at in HK whilst also working to a budget of Â £ 100 per night . The plus points - really good location. It 's 5 minutes walk away from Times Square , a large shopping complex with some really good restaurants on floors 10 and above. Its also 10 minutes walk away from Causeway Bay which is the major modern shopping district in HK other then Tsim Tsa Tsui. The hotel is also close to the tram station aswell as the Wan Chai MTR station. There are even street stalls of the food variety nearby which open in the evenings. On the downside the walls are thin and it can feel noisy if you are a light sleeper particularly if your room is in front of the lifts . Having to draw the blinds when using the bathroom was also an annoyance. Of a more minor issue was having to wait a couple of minutes for warm water to come through the showers. I 'd avoid this hotel if you are a light sleeper. It 's probably more suited to single travellers looking for a great location. If you are staying here make sure you have the hotel 's tel number as none of the taxi drivers had heard of this hotel as it 's a very small hotel .

jj Hotel is located in Wan Chai close to Henessy Road trams and 5 mins walk to the nearest MTR station. Hence , it is easy to get to the different shopping and entertainment areas of HK. The rooms are very modern , clean and nicely fitted out. The staff are helpful and the room rates are reasonable. I got a great discount through the RatesToGo web site. Just make sure to ask for a room away from the foyer and elevators. As I arrived late , I was given such a room and heard everyone walking past on the tiled floor to get the elevators. Next morning , I requested a room change. The manager was very accommodating and I was relocated to a nice quiet room at the back .

we stayed at a Deluxe room for 8 nights. The room is small but the king size bed is huge and comfortable. I walked by a Premier room while it was being cleaned , it is a lot bigger if you do n't mind spending extra money .

the area itself is not wonderful at night , but not so intimating that it put me off getting out of an evening as a solo traveller ! ! ! Any little issues were dealt with immediately and very efficiently .

we stayed at the JJ for 6 nights and we could not fault our stay. We booked through a travel Asia website and got a discounted rate , upon arrival we were upgraded to a Premium room so we got great value for money. The rooms were clean , bright and regularly cleaned. The staff were friendly and helpful and the location was good only a 5-10 minute walk to the MTR with lots to do around the area. We would definately recommend this hotel and would stay here again

we booked 2 rooms and stayed at JJ Hotel for 5 nights and were really happy with the quality and size of the rooms. For people who do n't want to stay in a hostel , but do n't have a budget for the Intercon or Shangri-La , the JJ Hotel is a suitable compromise. Location wise , it was great -- just 8-10 minutes walk to the Wan Chai MTR station , 10 minute walk the bars of Lockhart road and about 15 minutes to Causeway Bay .

i stayed 4 nights at the JJ in November , mostly based on the reviews from others. And I was n't disappointed. I had stayed previously in HK at the Mandarin Oriental - which was huge and great and all - but very expensive thanks work ! .

this hotel is excellent for the money. The room is modern and very comfortable. It is in a very good location close to downtown and the subway system .

stayed in JJ over the weekend and it was fantastic ! Rooms were clean and relatively huge HKG standard . Staff were friendly too. Highly recommended !

just spent two nights here on a little HK break. I booked the double standard room with window see pics and even though I 'd already read all the good reviews , I was still pleasantly surprised when I got there .

my wife and I read the reviews in TripAdvisor and decided to go for JJ Hotel. We did not want to stay in a very expensive hotel because , after all , we just needed a place to sleep , shower , and leave our shopping bags in. We knew that we would be out most of the time as is always the case when we visit HK , and spending on an expensive hotel room would be such a waste .

we stayed 9 nights at this motel on a recent trip to Hong Kong. Overall we were quite pleased with our stay. The rooms are very clean , with a great shower and very comfy bed. Nice view of the mountains as well .

i stayed in jj hotel with my mom and my sister , and we got this deluxe room for only HKD80 because the cheaper room which we booked was apparently unavailable by the time we checked in , anyway the room has this huge bed where the three of us can sleep on very comfortably , and also the size of the room is big enough and we can put our luggages and other stuff around without bothering our movement and the hotel is quite close to the mtr station about 5-10 minutes walk , and the tram is located just one block away so if u want to go around the hongkong island it 's quite easy , also if ur looking fo halal food as it is so hard to find in hongkong , there are 2 halal food restaurant nearby.So if ure looking for a nice hotel with good price and good location , jj hotel is recommended

execellent hotel , nice and friendly staff , clean room. best for single and couple .

i would highly recommend JJ. The rooms are small but perfectly functional with clean and modern fittings. the beds are comfortable and bathroom very clean .

for the price you pay , JJ Hotel is more than adequate. All I ask for is a clean room with modern bathrooms and this surpassed my expectations - complete with flat screen TV , DVD player and a surprisingly good selection of movies available for rental at HK50 for two. The only downside to the bathroom as others have noted was the glass door and screens - a bit of a pain but in no way a deal breaker. The staff are polite , with good English and quite knowledgeable about the city when it comes to good shopping locations - I 've lived in HK for 5 years and heard some rather good advice being given out to other tourists .

the hotel is in a great location , surrounded by thousand of Chinese eating places , Pacific coffee , Sakae sushi and KFC. It is about 7 min form MTR station. Room is new , clean , quiet and space used efficiently. Free Internet connection is fast. The bed is very comfortable , not hard as expected in Asia. Bathroom had glass walls , but after drawing the blinds it is absolutely private .

if you require internet connection for business purposes , I strongly recommend you forego this hotel. The complimentary wireless internet connection is patchy at best and often unavailable. It took me an hour to try to get connection in the morning just to send one email. I ended up having to do most of by business over the phone .

i stayed at the JJ hotel for 6 nights in May 08. It was in a great location , as many people stated only 5 minutes or 2 blocks from the Wanchai station. Finding the hotel is n't tooo bad but you need to know what to look for. I toook the airport express and then the H2 bus from airport express central station. Get off the bus at the Novotel Century hotel and then walk down Stewart road , towards henessey road. Basically keep walking straight ahead i.e. a block and a half , until you get to the johnston and henessey intersection - then take the 2nd little joining street Mallory Road - this is only 20m and the lucky centre is right in front of you. google maps makes it pretty clear . The hotel reception is on the 8th floor. my flight was late arrival into HK but staff were still around only one person at night , so dont be worried if no one there first up ! The room was great , but the bed was very very hard ! ! - got used to it though. It was just me so the glass bathroom was not a big deal. Its spacious enough i thought , had a desk , DVD player and TV. The reception staff were friendly enough and quite accomodating. The best thing about it was the free wifi i was there on bussiness so really needed it , other hotels charge relatively large amounts for this ! I did n't rate the food room service on offer and did n't find there were great places to eat in the immediate vicinity but 5-10minutes away no problem . All in all,the location and price are great. I was there for a conference in the HK convention centre which was only 10-12minutes by foot away. Also very easy to take the airport express and then walk to the hotel. Will definetly stay there again if on bussiness. If for a holiday - not a bad option for HK island as easily get anywhere !

was quite happy with JJ hotel. Stayed their with a friend , and were just looking for a place to stay for our last night in Hong kong. The Lucky centre is not a huge landmark in Wanchai , so your taxi driver might not know exactly how to get there. Also , it is a 'centre ' , so there is n't a lobby or reception on the ground floor , just a security guard/conceirge who is n't that helpful had to pull our own suitcases . The hotel only take certain level of the building. Room : Every thing is really new , but the room is quite SMALL had a queen sized bed , and it took up the majority of the room . The bathroom is more of a space next to the bed which is surrounded by glass. You need to pull the blinds down everytime you need to use the toilet which was annoying - plus you should be quite comfortable with your room mate as you can hear everything ! There was free wireless which was quite handy , and a small flat screen tv and DVD player .

we just completed a 3 night stay at JJ 's hotel in Hong Kong .

good hotel in a good location. Good rates through www.asiatravel.com .

we stayed here for 4 nights. Clean rooms , but not too big I think it is normal for Hong-Kong . Walking distance from the subway Whan Chai station. Booked through asiatravel.com , 90 $ per night , breakfast not included

i stayed in JJ hotel for 4 nights early March 08. I booked thru asiatravel.com. i stayed in the superior room no window on 12th floor .

we stayed at the JJ on two occasions and had a good experience the rooms were small but clean and comparatively speaking the average size room for hong kong. The staff is not exactly helpful but they are perfectly nice , one just has to ask for their help if you know what I mean , the hotel is located on floors 9 - 12 and the reception is on 9 so that means on some days you do not meet the staff , if you are not in need this is a good thing. The JJ is in a very central location between causewaybay and admirality central the neighborhood is safe and friendly. Overall I think it was a great value and it provided everything we needed , wifi , a clean room and a big bed. Beware , most of the hotels in Hong Kong are freezing cold , the JJ is not an exception , in the summer this is OK in the winter it is not , heat is not a standard in the summer but a/c is ! As the other reviewers I would recommend the JJ and for sure stay there again !

this was my first trip to HK and after several days of research I settled for the JJ Hotel. It was in my price range and since I could n't find any negative reviews I decided to go with them. I booked a deluxe room thru Asiatravel.com and their rates were much lower than JJ 's published rate .

this was my 5th stay in Hong Kong and my first on the Island itself. I usually stay at the YMCA Salisbury on Kowloon side .

we stayed 4 days and enjoyed very much. At 60 eur/night great value for brand new and clean although small room for such excellent location - MTR , McDonald 's , 7eleven and shops 300 meters away !

