i went to hong kong on july 2009 and i stayed at the jw marriot hotel and that place was awesome,they hade a swimming pool and a hot tub

excellent hotel with great views across the harbour

stayed here for 3 weeks and had breakfast buffet included in the rate otherwise it would be very expensive for 2 adults and 2 children to eat breakfast every day. The breakfast buffet is fantastic and has everything you could want. Gym is well equipped with your own earphones/towels and flavoured water or bottled water. Saunas are in the changing rooms. Nice restaurants at bottom of hotel which leads straight into the shopping centre and the MTR so no need to go outside ! We had a reasonably spacious room Hong Kong Standard with 2 double beds and a corner view of the harbour. The bedrooms with 1 double bed are compact with just enough room to walk round the bed. This is mainly a business hotel judging from the lack of families and children at breakfast .

my stay in HK with JW Marriott.....awesome hotel and rooms have fantastic sea view .. .

please do n't let the Marriott name fool you - this is a first rate luxury hotel in every respect. The staff is outstanding , and the rooms are clean and modern. The location is perfect , sitting both right above the best shopping in Hong Kong , and close to the office buildings. It 's a 10 minute walk to the Bank of China building , a 20 minute walk ot Causeway Bay , and a short taxi ride to the Kowloon ferry with the subway to Kowloon right below the hotel .

the corner room had a large flat-screen TV , a nice view outside including the pool , a large desk complete with tape , staplers , sticky notes , wired internet. I travel about half the weeks of the year , and this was the most useful room from a business standpoint that I 've had. The internet was n't free , but it did work well. The phone was even set up with my name on the display when I checked in - a nice touch. The large flat screen TV even tempted me to rent a movie - and the selection was good , and the picture and sound excellent. This is unusual for me - I usually do n't even turn the TV on in a hotel room .

i stayed in this hotel for 6 nights on business in October. I had a very nice , spacious corner room regular - not a club room and this was spotless with a large LCD TV / DVD player. Large comfy bed. Nicely located hotel very convenient for the metro and only 10 mins walk from Wan Chai , or the peak tram .

we went there to watch the fireworks on the 60th anniversary of The PRC. The service as always was good. The food was excellent. The pool hidden from the busy area of town was a good relief and fun for my son. The hotel has always had good service. The room was small but fine. The Executive dining area was well done and had a good view .

friendly helpful staff , breakfast a bit daunting , so much to choose from !

the Marriott is well located in Pacific place , and the rooms , though small , have recently been renovated. My only complaint is the internet charges. I received seven charges for three days on my bill. While this was corrected , I probably would not stay here again if they continue to charge for internet access .

our room was magnificent ! We had plenty of space and well appointed bathroom. The staff were courteous and met all of our needs. With the exception of our &quot ; in room&quot ; movie not working properly , we had no problems. This was our fourth trip to HK and this hotel ranks best. The location the Admiralty MTR station and the Pacific Place Mall were amazing. We had access to several breakfast and lunch places and everything else we could access by public transport. We used the laundry service for some dry cleaning and everything came back in perfect condition. The beds were comfortable and the fresh fruit that was placed in our room each afternoon was a great perk !

i was scheduled to have surgery at matilda hospital on the peak and needed to come over a day early. i decided to stay at the marriott due to it 's desirable location for this trip. and the location is AWESOME. this is the best spot in HK so far. it 's attached to pacific place , which has a wonderful food shop in the basement of siebu. i was able to pop down there and get a great dinner. i loved the decor. it was all in warm , sunny golds and rust. in fact , it was like i had decorated it to my own tastes ! the bathroom was nice , not as big or sumptuous as some marriott 's , but space is at a premium in these locations. the room was very well stocked and very comfortable. they even had a drawer filled with paper clips , tape , sticky notes... very cool. bed was super comfy. much softer than many other asian beds. i slept great. over all , this was one of my better hotel experiences. marriott seldom disappoints .

we just stayed at the JW Hong Kong , for 4 nights on our way to Thailand. The hotel is among the best of the JW properties the JW in Phuket has a long way to go to match this place . We were assigned a corner suite with a view of the harbor. The bed was a bit hard , the bathroom a bit on the smaller side , for a JW property , but the staff could not have been nicer. Free wifi in the lobby and conceirge lounge was a plus , especially if you use an iPhone to phone home via Skype .

the hotel is in a convienent location if you plan to use the subway system which is very easy to navigate in Hong Kong . It is a large hotel that seems to cater to a business clientel. The executive lounge was very nice and worth the extra expense breakfast , snacks , drinks , computer usage , etc. . The beds are very firm. The room is well-appointed , but very small. The corner rooms are great , due to all of the windows. The gym was nice. The pool was not crowded and a nice mid-day retreat from sightseeing. The staff was very helpful .

i spent 3 nights here , and as a Platinum Marriott member , they really take good care of you. The hotel is in a great location in HK , with direct access to the Admiralty MTR station. You can literally be anywhere in the city in 20 minutes from that station. The views are n't the greatest from the hotel I also stayed at the Renaissance Harbour for a few nights and the views there are much better . This is a much nicer hotel , however. It fits in well with the JW brand and really the only way to go to a higher class of hotel in HK is to pay MUCH more at a Four Seasons or Pennisula type hotel. Not worth it , in my opinion. Great access to local attractions , free WiFi in the lobby , recently renovated rooms , etc. I spent 75 nights a year at Marriotts , and this is among the best of them out there. On par or better thanLondon County Hall and Paris Marriott , etc .

nice service , Clean room , I love the automatic curtains in our room and the nice staff.. .

the best thing about JW Marriott is its location. With its basement access to the Admiralty MTR station you get direct connections to the Central MTR which connects you to Lantau island and most of the other MTR lines on the west and the Causeway Bay MTR where all the great shopping lies on the east. Plus , it is at a walking distance 5-10 minute leisurely walk through the Hong Kong Park from the Peak Tram base terminal that takes you to the top of the not-to-be-missed Peak. The hotel is also attached to the very posh Pacific Place mall which gets you top-end designer labels , restaurants , a cinema theatre and even pharmacies .

i stayed in this hotel with a few friends during my stay here. we shared a room for two nights with two double beds. we loved the room , comfy beds , big bathroom , full amenities , large windows with amazing view , large tv. the room is kinda small for 4 ppl , but given that it is Hong Kong and every square footage is precious , we have no complains. the bathroom is luxurious with tub and shower stall , you can also listen to the tv from the bathroom. it is also located conveniently near a large shopping mall and access to the MTR. great for shopping and meeting up with friends. i heard the high afternoon tea at this hotel is popular and excellent , but did n't have time to try it out. i will definitely recommend it to others , and will stay again next time .

this is the only place I know in Asia where you are being charged for internet use , at an incredibly high price , all of this for the slowest connection I have ever experienced anywhere in the world .

i recently stayed here with my friends and there was nothing we could fault .

my second time to stay at this hotel. This time , I reserved the room with hotel directly and were able to get a great deal 3 nights stay for the price of 2 . I asked for a bigger room with nice view at checked-in , the receptionist was able to find a beautiful corner room on high floor for me .

i really rated this hotel as it was a perfect location for our first visit to Hong kong , and the facilities were ideal for our party .

  Great chinese spread for breakfast

zi am a Marriott platinum member. I 've stayed here twice recently. At the moment they are &quot ; √ º pgrading&quot ; their Executive Lounge , this seems to have been going on for at least a month and will be continuing for at least another month. During this time there are NO facilities for executive guests , nowhere to sit and read a newspaper and make a cup of coffee or have a cool drink. Nothing. All they do is let you have breakfast in the cafe although they tried to charge me for it last time and drinks after 4.30 pm in a different restaurant. They clearly do n't care about their platinum and gold members , they have taken away their facilities without providing a temporary alternative. It is a disgrace. I will tryy the Westin or Hilton next time , I am sure they look after their guests better .

we stayed in the JW for 4 nights and this was an absolute gem. Talk about new luxury , this is it. The hotel itself is located in a prime area of Hong Kong and we got rooms overlooking the Harbour. The rooms were nice and big and the washrooms were very huge. Turn on MTV asia on the large flat screen TV and head in to take a shower. There are speakers in the washroom that are connected to the TV so you can listen to music .

we had 2 days in Hong Kong w/our 3 children 7,11,13 before venturing onto Thailand .

such is my loyalty to the JW Marriott in Hong Kong and despite my last review - I decided to give it another shot. What can I say - the staff are still good , the location great and overall the rooms nice. But , when are these renovations going to stop ?

this hotel is in the middle of Four Seasons and the Excelsior. I mean this in almost every way. It is in the middle location wise. It is in the middle cost wise. And it is in the middle luxury/comfort wise .

well located hotel just outside Central , and connected to plush Pacific Place Mall with the usual assortment of designer shops and high end boutiques , plus restaurants and cinemas. Rooms about 30 sq m , one of few hotels that have 2 double beds and allow 4 guests most hotels in HK only allow 2-3 guest max and most only have 2 single beds. Attractive rooms , LCD screen , hard beds with too soft pillows but firm ones on request , nice views most rooms have some harbour view , and pool view , nice smallish pool , OK but expensive buffet dinner HKD400 + , nice bar areas with average service. They currently have 'stay 3 nites , pay 2 ' and weekly internet rates , but still expensive ! Would stay again and would rate as one of better value if one can say that ! 5 star hotels in HK .

chosing a hotel in Hong Kong can be tricky , so we opted for the &quot ; jaydubyah&quot ; based on the advice of a local. We were not disappointed... although the rooms are not massive , the quality of the food , service and environment is excellent. Three points stuck out for us : 1 The fabulous pool , with a lovely little cafe / restaurant , just what you need after a sweaty day in the city ; 2 The views across the harbour , especially at night ; 3 The convenience for shops and good restaurants. Will definitely return. Next time , however , I hope the management will have ejected the wretched Marriott Time Share / Vacation Rental sales person who trailed us around the lobby at check-in .

this was our second stay at the JW. The service is really excellent. We called several times to ask for various items and they were delivered right away. In many US hotels , this is hit or miss. My wife mentioned to the clerk at the health club that she was n't feeling well , and they offered to arrange for a doctor to come to the hotel. The concierge desk was also very helpful .

while the Grand Hyatt continues to be my preferred Hong Kong hotel , the Marriott comes in a very close second .

one of the great hotel to stay while in Hong Kong. Staff are very freindly and room is really excellent .

we arrived just in time to enjoy a tremendous buffet dinner for my daughter 's 16th birthday. the rooms were small but perfect and we managed to find enough space for the four of us and our 14 pieces of luggage in the two room suite ! The beds were heavenly with soft fluffy feather pillows and great feather duvees. The mini bar had the best selections and service acutrements. The bathrooms were everything we could need , clean and pleasingly designed. The staff at the hotel were superbly professional. the View was tremendous of the harbor with so much activity all around. One of the best parts of this hotel was that you take the elevator down to enter the best shopping mall in hong Kong ! The Intercontinental hotel anchored the other end of the mall , and it was huge with three levels. One complication was that I lost my 12 year old son who has down 's syndrome and autism and does n't speak for 2 1/2 hours in the shopping mall ! He had walked continued to walk around a hallway and wandered around , went into a bathroom and then followed a glass tunnel many floors overhead across a freeway and into another highrise into another shopping mall. The Front Desk Manager of the JW Marriot immediately came to my rescue as I was almost mortified with shock , and she managed a search party of about 35 security guards in our mall and another dozen in the next mall over and he was finally found when he happened to pick up his favorite video from a store and set off the alarm as he walked out. The guards were all so extremely helpful and kind and everyone was happy to reunite mother and son. Needless to say , i am thankful for their tremendous professionalism and ca n't say enough good for the manager that helped me from the JW Marriot ! We loved our stay there and slept wonderfully each night .

the Service at the JW Marriott was outstanding. The staff was eager to please and went out of their way to make certain we enjoyed our stay .

we had great trip with with their excellence service and nice offer by JW Marriott HK. I had been traveled to HK for few times and the money that I paid for other smaller hotel room is seem lesser value when we stayed here. First of all , it 's a totally perfect location in term of convenience specially for us who taking public transport. Everyday they will replace the fruits on table twice a day which keep us healthy. : Although there is a renovation on going but it didnt affect us at all even we are late ppl in the morning. Be fair to them that had informed us way ahead. Personally like most is the &quot ; Thank You&quot ; card on the last day of stay after 7nigts with them , just simply make us felt been taken care by them totally !

a very efficient hotel...all amenties on hand but quite impersonal

perfectly located in the upmarket district of Admiralty , and attached to the beautiful Pacific Place mall , the Marriott is one of 3 hotels in this complex. It allows direct access to the mall and from there direct access to the Metro - connecting with the rest of HK. The hotel rooms are beautifully appointed. Clean , comfortable and well decorated. The bathrooms were luxurious , and the rooms have huge picture windows on two sides , allowing a view of either the harbour , the hillside or the city , depending on which category you book. The service is impeccable with rooms being serviced and fruit being replenished twice a day. The breakfasts were excellent and the hotel was very well priced. We were lucky to get a good deal which included some food credits. We will definitely stay there again .

we stayed in an executive suite after getting a favourable rate for booking in advance and it was well worth the money ! The room was gorgeous on one of the top floors with beautiful panaromic views of the city. The room itself was spacious with two double beds , and a large bathroom with seperate bath and walk in shower. Everything in the room lights curtains etc. can be done at the touch of a button. We were provided with free mineral water in our room daily along with tea/coffee etc. and a free fruit basket on arrival. The executive lounge itself is spectacular. It is a two story lounge , consisting of plush furniture , stunning views and free wifi. It includes breakfast , snacks through out the day , afternoon tea , appertifs in the evening and chocolates and desserts in the evening with a selection of drinks available free of charge from 6am to Midnight. This was a lovely touch .

what a great choice ! ! I did tons of research before booking this hotel , we wanted a nice , clean modern room and hotel that ‚ Ä ô s what we got with the JW. We stayed here on a recent trip to Asia , this hotel was the perfect location for us , it was very centrally located and we like the newly renovated rooms. The hotel is quite large and had a nice pool and gym it was too cool to enjoy the pool while we were there but in the summer I think it would be great !

stayed for a week - our first ever time in Asia. Stay a mix of marriott points and 2 night deal from hotel. This included champagne , chocolates , a meal in the fish bar retsuarant and 2 breakfasts. Upon check out they tried to charge us for the champagne and chocolates and the full amount of the bill for dinner rather than just the wine - so take care and check your bill carefully ! Both items were removed fairly painlessly. We were upgraded to the Executive floor - not a renovated room but OK nevertheless. Very clean but I agree with previous reviews that it is on the small size. Excellent bathroom though with superb shower and sperate bath and plenty of storage. had access to Executive lounge which saved us a fortune ! Breakfast in here was superb - but the real treat is in the evening - a full selection of wines spirits and soft drink , and some real high class hot and cold food offerings. With the price of eating out in Hong Kong I 'd recommend upgrading to this floor if you can. Overall , a really enjoyable experience...BUT - previous reviews are right about the renovation noise - it is from 9 : 30-5 : 50 every day except Sunday and does begin to grate you after a while. If you spend a lot of time in your room we did n't I 'd maybe choose somewhere else until the renovations are finished. Oh - and if you 're there on a Sunday try the champagne brunch. Expensive but we polished off loads of Piper Heidsieck and the food was excellent !

this is a nice property that is centrally located. Staff are excellent throughout. Service was top notch. I was in a newly renovated room and it was perfetc for the business traveller. Workspace was great , plenty of power points and a roomy desk. There are renovations going on , so noise from above was very loud during the day 9 to 5 . This is n't a problem except on the first day when you want to catch a snooze after a long flight in. Earplugs from the flight worked a charm so bring them with you. Other than that , its a great hotel. The noodle bar at lunch is great value , very practical and delicious .

the JW Marriott is located in Pacific Place , providing quick access to the MTR and elegant shops in the adjoining shopping mall. I have stayed in this hotel numerous times over the last 12 years. The service level to clients have &quot ; declined&quot ; . Depending who is working behind the check in counter- your chance of getting the room of choice is purely pot luck. As much business as I have provided and bringing colleagues along , I received very spotty treatment. Though I have often requested the executive floor for the convenience of a place to hold business meetings , I am often denied even though I willingly accept the smallest room with a single double bed . In the 90 's , I am often welcome back each visit by a professional receptionist. During my last visit , I was actually told that I am not one of their value guests He failed to notice that I have stay there at least 6 nights every other month as of 2008 !

when informed that the hotel was under renovation , it never occurred to me that that would mean sounding as if a B52 was landing in the next room from about 9 : 30 in the morning through the afternoon. I suppose if you are out all day , it might be alright--but what am I saying ! We had to use of rooms for daytime work and it was indescribable. As to the rooms themselves , elsewhere you will read how small they are. The thing is they might be of adequate size in any other city in the world but by Asian standards they were minute. And most enfuriating is that the neighboring Conrad and Island ShangriLa come in at virtually the same price for infinitely larger rooms. Also , can someone explain to me what anyone needs tqo queen sized beds in a majority of rooms ? There was no king sized bed available so again you have this huge piece of unused furniture clogging up what little space there is. The hotel itself is a huge glitzy palace of a place--pure Marriott bad taste from lobby on up. There are tons of places to eat--all pricey but good. The breakfast buffet comes in about $ 30.00 but it is an incredible meal with Asian , Chinese , Western , British elements. One bar has a high decibel band and singer playing which precludes any kind of conversation and , mind-blowingly closes at midnight ! For a great international city with people coming and going at all hours , this hotel just does n't match up. The people are perfectly nice , the service is fine but it just so totally misses the mark in style and room size that I 'd go elsewhere. Unfortunately , my last stay in Hong Kong was at the Four Seasons and there 's just no comparison --except for the rates. Never again .

i stayed at this Marriott because I wanted the reward points and the location is close to my office. I was disappointed with my stay. The construction noise is unacceptably loud and it lasts beyond the hours the hotel says. Worse yet , however , was the noise from the rooms. When my neighbor got up at 5 : 30 AM to take a shower , it was so loud in my room it woke me up from a dead sleep. The rooms are very , very small even for Asian standards and the walls are cracker thin. It is nearly impossible to get a restful sleep here and that is after all what a hotel should be focused on offering. I am not sure the non-construction noise will ever change so I would advise chosing another option .

the hotel is undergoing very noisy rennovation and the staff seem completely unconcerned by the disturbance this causes to paying guests .

i do a lot of research before I go to a new place. I want a clean , comfortable , high-end hotel in a location that allows me to hit all the main attractions as expeditiously as possible. The Marriott Hong Kong is excellent ! First off , it 's located right in central Hong Kong , walking distance from the Botanical Gardens , the Victoria Peak tram , the convention center , the star ferry terminal , and the shopping mall .

nice hotel. Rooms are the smallest I 've seen though in a Hong Kong hotel. Stayed at the Grand Hyatt last year and the rooms are much larger .

overall , the JW Marriott was in an excellent location to explore the city with its proximity to the metro and city layout it 's also connected to a fabulous shopping mall . The hotel is somewhat pricy , even by US standard , but I feel that it lived up to the JW Marriott name .

i ‚ Ä ô m not sure that I get what all the raves are about here. As a lot people have pointed out , it ‚ Ä ô s pricy , and for the price , the amenities and service are just not up to scratch. For a basic room that lists at upwards of 400USD/night , I think that I could expect to find a bathroom devoid of traces of the previous occupant ‚ Ä ô s toothpaste in the sink or his use of the toilet. Apologies to the faint of heart , but I am referring to urine stains , floating scraps of toilet paper and pubes. The gar √ ß on d ‚ Ä ô √ © tage who brought my welcome tea was back in a flash with a bucket , sponges and brushes , but still I shouldn ‚ Ä ô t have had to ask. So my stay got off to a bad start and things haven ‚ Ä ô t improved much. I checked in yesterday , and am still here .

the location is good but the rooms are very average. The rooms are cramped with barely enough space to walk around. If you 're looking to stay in a good location and need a small room to sleep , this is a good hotel. If you 're expecting the amentities you 've seen at other JW Marriott in North America or Asia , you 'll be very disappointed , as we were .

my experience with this hotel was good .

this Hotel has an excellent location as it is close to the MTR and Financial centers in Hong Kong. The hotel is very convenient and the facilities are excellent. There is not a lot of variety in the restaurants so it is a good idea to eat out. The room is very convenient and has an excellent distribution. The only problem with the hotel are that the beds are tougher than a cement floor .

glad we booked into the JW Marriott. From check in to departure , it was truly a superb 5 Star experience. We stayed there for 9 days with a break in between for a side trip to China. We were offered the same room. Within minutes of both check ins , luggage was delivered to be followed by hot tea and fresh fruit , which we found very delightful and refreshing. These are the details that set a hotel apart from others .

the hotel was what you would expect for the price. Service was outstanding from the transport service at the airport to check in to any need that we had. The hotel was spotless. Service at the bar in the lobby was good , but not up to the level that we saw elsewhere. No complaints about the rooms at all...comfortable and clean. The remote control unit by the bed for the curtains was a nice touch as well .

i stayed 3 nights at this hotel as part of a Conference. Location was convenient , right about train station and atached to a large , high end mall with a movie theater and restaurants. Friendly staff , large lobby , elevators worked efficiently , breakfast buffet was superb , and generally what I would expect from a J.W. Marriott. Paid about U.S. $ 400 per night , so perhaps not worth that much .

this hotel was one of the best I have stayed in. Starting with the design of the hotel itself , it is an amazing place and the location is fantastic , with the underground train directly beneath the hotel. The staff and check in area was fantastic , with always available and helpful staff. Before I go on about this fantastic hotel , there was one bad thing only. The price was a bit steep. But , some may say it was worth it. The room I had was fantastic. It had a great view over hong kong harbour and kowloon , and over the mountains. The executive lounge is great and has an even better view. Request a high floor room - its worth it. Overall , a very good hotel in a great spot for exploring hong kong , whether it be for business for pleasure .

i loved my stay at the J W Marriott ! Hong kong people are so nice in general but the staff at this hotel was the best ever !

have just got back from 6 nights at jw marriott hong kong with my wife. Much of what has been said previously is true about this hotel ie courteous staff etc. BUT there is renovation work going on currently. This means banging and drilling from 9.00 to 17.00 every day. This can be heard from most floors and rooms talking to other guests . There was one day when the room toilets could n't flush. You had to fill them yourself or call room service for it to be filled from your tap. When I phoned to complain I was advised that ' I had been in formed of the problems ' - this took the form of a note left on your desk. If you are booked in this hotel check if there is any work going on and if so do n't believe it if you are told it is discrete try to move to a different hotel. There are some good points about this hotel but the renovation works took the shine off these. The Conrad and Shangri La hotels nearby looked a better bet. without the building works. I would have rated this hotel 4 but I can not believe a hotel would stay open with the noise produced at hence the 1 rating .

i have recently stayed in three of five Marriott properties in Hong Kong. The JW Marriott at Pacific Place , Admiralty district , is by far the most elegant. It is correspondingly expensive. It is best suited for the well-heeled buiness traveler , and its proximity to many of the financial service and banking institutions in Hong Kong make it ideal for this type of customer .

an upper floor had been requested , but the desk clerk said it would be too noisy due to ‚ Ä ú renovation ‚ Ä ù , so we were assigned to a mid-level room. The ‚ Ä ú renovation ‚ Ä ù noise did start first thing in the morning and was heard in the room. Street noise reached the room. Pool noise was also easily heard in the room , even early morning and late evening. The door to the room seemed to be a sound amplification device rather than sound deadening , as all hallway conversation was easily heard , word for word. Having requested a quiet location , we were given a room between two families with children who perhaps were playing midnight soccer outside our door and needed to be heard at the other end of the playing field .

i stayed here on business and was really just co-locating with my colleagues rather than making a conscious choice of hotel but I have to say that the level of service here is top notch .

this was my first visit to Hong Kong and the hotel experience was better than could be hoped for .

location is the major plus point for this hotel. This would have been my second time staying at the marriot. The bed was plush and comfy , no complains there .

we stayed at the Marriott twice during our recent trip to Hong Kong and China. Everything about the hotel is very good : the service is efficient , the atmosphere welcoming , the food is delicious , and the location is most convenient.. I would highly recommend paying extra for use of the Excecutive lounge and take a bathing suit to have a swim in the outdoor pool. We also used the gym - which is well equipped .

for shopaholic , there 's big mall beneath ; for eat lovers , the hotel has gd food &amp ; beverage ; for tourist , the MTR is downstairs ; for businessman , it locates in the heart of business district .

stayed at JW this past Chinese New Year. This is indeed one of the luxury properties in its market , though not necessarily world renown .

i had a chance to stay six nights at the JW Marriott on a business trip. I brought my wife along. It was very luxurious. The room was somewhat smaller , but apparently standard for a Hong Kong hotel. The view was nice and the location is very central with easy access to the MTR. My wife used their spa and enjoyed it very much. The most memorable thing for me was the breakfast buffet each morning at the Marriott Cafe. We opted to include it as a daily option when we booked. A bit more expensive , but it was worth it .

having stayed at the JW marriot for 6 nights mid February 2008 I have to give it a glorious review. The rooms were spacious , with amaizng large glass window panels surrounding more than 1/2 the room. The beds were great nice and mid/firm and the bathrooms had ample room .

stayed at hotel after a couple of days at Hong Kong Disneyland as part of half term holiday. As a platinum marriott rewards card holder , upgraded to executive club room on 33 floor which was paid for with points. Rooms are on the small side , but otherwise very clean. Housekeeping is to a high standard. However , the rooms do not have the Marriott Revive mattresses , but use the Marriott bed linen. The beds were very hard and not a very comfortable sleep and it did n't get better after 5 nights .

it had been a few years since I stayed at the JW Marriott in Hong Kong. The office had moved back into that part of town and returning to the hotel was a real pleasure .

a few days after New Year I stayed in the Marriott .

staying here for a three night stay over Lunar New Year. Staff could not be more helpful. Booked hotel 's Mercedes Limo service from airport. Really good driver and felt very safe and comfortable. We were staying on Marriott Rewards , but had booked an upgrade to the Executive level. Initially we were offered rooms on 21st floor not standard executive level . I asked them to look again and they quickly came up with rooms on the 34th floor , right next to the Executive Lounge and the lifts. No problems - no noise at all and very convenient , with great harbour view. We watched the Victoria Harbour New Year 's fireworks from one of our rooms and had a fabulous view of this 20 minute extravaganza .

we stayed for one week to visit family and friends. With the plane arrival at 11pm , we opted for an airport transfer through hotel concierge. It was well worth the money. With two young sleepy children in our arms , we were greeted and driven to the hotel , then straight up to our room bypassing the check-in desk. It was a simple matter of getting our credit card number and signature before we turned out the lights. Breakfast at the hotel proved to be a bit of an ordeal with the kids running around , so subsequent mornings we just popped down to Pacific Place for breakfast. We needed an extra bathtowel one day and the response to the housekeeping call was within minutes .

loved the hotel. I stayed there using my Marriott points so I ca n't comment much on the price. But the rooms were superb-- I even had goldfish in my suite. With status , they delivered free fruit and jasmine tea at checkin. They also give you a bottle or two of free water. All the staff was very nice. The location is amazing-- actually adjacent to wonderful very pricey mall where you can grab a bite to eat and wander. It is also right above the train station so you can get around the city soooo easily. From the airport , take the Airport Express train to Hong Kong , and then take the train to Admirality. By the two different types of tickets at the airport . After you get off the train , follow the signs to the Pacific Place mall and you 'll see the entrance to the hotel right inside the mall. An easy train commute if you do n't have much luggage. Enjoy HK !

at check in we decided to upgrade to an executive floor room , for $ 800 HKD a night + 13 % tax. Executive floor is normally 31-35 floor , but because of &quot ; some renovation&quot ; they had moved the floor to 20-22. Lounge still on 33-35 .

i was there only one night for a business and didnt use much of the facilities. But I love the room very much. It is very nicely decorated. I was again upgraded to the harbour view room which was very nice. Very romantic .

  nights in a club room on the 32nd floor. Good views but not spectacular . Service excellent , staff very professional and friendly .

spent a week here over the holidays. The service is first-rate. The location is a short walk from beautiful Hong Kong park , between the business district of Central and the tourist shopping area of Tsimshatsui in Kowloon , one subway stop in each direction. If you intend to spend all your time in eaither of these districts you will have a short commute. The rooms have great harbour views and first-class amenities , but the hotel is not the least bit intimidating. The hotel is attached to the very upscale Mall at Pacific Place with every designer shop imaginable and the underground is connected to the mall and the hotel .

first , there has to be a disclaimer here : I ‚ Ä ô ve been staying at this JWMarriott for over 15 years. As far as I ‚ Ä ô m concerned , there really are no other hotels in Hong Kong. Over the years , due to meetings , etc. , I ‚ Ä ô ve stayed at the Renaissance Kowloon , the Regal Kai Tak , the Regal Chek Lap Kok , the Island Shang , the Kowloon Shang , and the Renaissance Convention. When Mrs. Gardiner and I lived in China , we were here at least one weekend a month for two years. Without question , then , I consider this property my home in Asia .

in all fairness , I travel a fair amount on business , and I chose to stay at the JW Marriott in order to redeem points for free nights. The &quot ; free room&quot ; on the first nights were on the 10th floor and was an average Marriott room. The hotel is built so that each room is a &quot ; corner&quot ; , which improves the view , including into your neighbors ' rooms. It was quite humid when we arrived , and the room smelled very moldy. We were only there for a couple of days , so we did n't complain. We stored our luggage for a few days as we traveled and returned to an &quot ; upgraded&quot ; room on the 34th floor , which was an identical room but with a view of the harbor and no smell ! . We had hoped to enjoy the executive lounge in the evenings , but it was noisy , crowded , and so brightly lit that you could not even see what would have been a spectacular view of the harbor if the lights had been dimmed. The food and the drinks in the lounge were good , the service good , and the location , over the Pacific Place , outstanding. It is very easy to take the Airport Express from the airport to the MTR station if you do n't have a lot of luggage , although we opted to take the hotel limo service which was excellent 750 HKD. All in all , it felt like a typical business hotel to me , but a good one , at twice the price that you would pay in the States. If you want a more unique Asian luxury hotel experience , I would consider the beautiful Shangri-La , which is located next door to the JW. We stayed at the SL in Manila and were overwhelmed by their service. In terms of Hong Kong in general... it 's a very clean tourist friendly city.. and is especially a good place to stay over on your way to other destinations in Asia .

from the moment the bell boys opened the front door and we stepped inside we were treated like royalty. All the staff were exceptionally friendly , helpful , courteous and extremely efficient. The hotel interior was beautifully decorated and well maintained ; the lobby area being very spacious and grand .

having stayed in HK many times at a number of the 5 star places I was keen to sample this place. The overall feeling is of a quality product , no question about that , and the location above Pacific Place is the key selling point .

our family of 2 adults and 2 young children stayed here for 10 days on a recent trip. The location is excellent at Pacific Place and close to Admiralty MTR. The food at the Marriott Cafe was great esp. the hi-tea buffet on weekends popular with locals . Whilst the rooms were small common in HK , we were not in the rooms for very long , so did not find this inconvenient. Housekeeping staff were very efficient. The complimentary bottled water saved us heaps .

i stayed at the Marriott for three nights and enjoyed the experience .

we stayed at the hotel for a week and had a wonderful experience. As others have mentioned , the location is great. It 's above an upscale shopping mall , Pacific Place , and the Admiralty MTR subway station. Access to the MTR without even having to go outside was a real advantage. The shops in the MTR such as Pret a Manager , 7-11 , and Starbucks were very nice to be near as well. There were also banks with ATMs in the MTR. It was beyond convenient .

the hotel is special to me because my now husband proposed here to me. .

stayed at the JW Marriott for 8 nights over Easter .

our first visit to Hong Kong , and a very brief one at that. With only 24 hours to enjoy this interesting city , we quickly headed out to see the local attractions , and only returned to the hotel to sleep. Check-in was easy and friendly , the room view was fabulous , and the room was very nicely appointed. This is a business hotel , but we found the service and facilities suited us well for our quick visit. Shopping starts just under the hotel in a multi-level mall , and extends well into town. Other hotels in town have history and notoriety , but the JW was just fine for us .

jw Marriott is a good hotel and worth a visit. The rooms are spacious however will need an upgrade soon. The view over the city is great and the food offered in the restaurant below is superb , especially the high tea buffet served in the afternoon .

a fantastic hotel which provided our family with an excellent holiday for our week in Hong Kong .

the rooms are definitely very tired looking and old. Small bathrooms and rooms overall. Quite an average stay and I would n't go back again unless it got a big makeover !

this was the first JW Marriot I stayed in and also my first visit to HK....however , the rooms were very dated and definitely need an uplift....the bathroom was that of a 3 star hotel....nice location though and courteous staff....however , enough damage for me not to ever return to this hotel.. .

marriott Hotel , along with Conrad Hotel and the Shangri La , are located in the heart of Hong Kong Island and linked to the Pacific Place Shopping Mall at the basement level in Admiralty district. I could not have picked a better location. The Airport Express shuttle dropped me right at Marriott 's doorsteps and I had the choice of all public transport options - taxis readily available at the driveway of the hotel , the tram and the public bus stop at the doorstep of Pacific Mall and less than 10 minutes ' walk via an underpass to the Admiralty MTR Station. The financial district is only one station away on the west bound train while the Causeway Bay shopping district is only two stations away on the east bound train. Had the weather been cooler , I would even stroll to the Peak Tram Station on Garden Road. Also within walking distrance is Wanchai , with its budget eateries , street markets and bars .

although the rooms are a little tired the overall quality of this place is outstanding , and when you look at prices in hong kong reasonably good value. The breakfast quality is the only possible thing to maybe not be satisfied but overall a great hotel with an oppulant ambiance

stayed at the JW Marriott in Sept 07 for 4 nights as part of a conference. It was a lovely hotel and I suppose what you would expect given the price. The service was good particularly from the bellboys who could not do enough to help you .

we stayed at the Marriot for 5 nights in two adjoining rooms. There are many positives with only a few small 'niggles'. We would recommend this hotel and will stay there again when next we visit Hong Kong. Positives :

i went to Hong Kong last weekend and stayed for 2 nights at the JW Marriott Hotel on Hong Kong Island. The hotel is centrally located in Pacific Place in Admiralty and a mere 5 minute taxi ride from the Airport Express station. The hotel occupies one of the 3 towers at the Pacific Place , the other 2 being Shangrila Hotel and Conrad .

nicest hotel in the greatest city in the world. The staff was very friendly , and i was sick for almost the whole time i was there , over my birthday as well , and on more than a couple of occasions that made phone calls to my room or sent fruit up and letters wishing me well and a happy birthday , just above and beyond any other place I have experienced .

my husband and I always stay at the JW Marriott when in HK. You definitely will find more exclusive hotels with fancier restaurants , spas and general decor in HK and Kowloon , but you wo n't find a better location and value for the money. Having said that this is HK , so nothing is really cheap only less expensive than other places .

we just returned from HK and stayed 5 nights at the JW Marriott. This hotel was a great experience. The hotel staff provided excellent service and the room was great with an awesome view. The washrooms were very clean and spacious. I was very impressed with this hotel and would highly recommend it. It truly is a real 5 star hotel .

we got this hotel via bidding on Priceline for 3 nights for $ 193/nt. and were extremely pleased with the value for money. Our room was stunning - located on the 23rd floor and had a wonderful view of the peak. The room was very clean and nicely furnished. We used the gym all 3 mornings and although it was a little warm for a gym 74-75 degrees F , the machines were in excellent condition and there was complimentary water , fruit and papers .

i stayed at the JW Marriott for 4 nights on a recent business trip and must say what a wonderful hotel this is. I 'm not going to spend much time talking about the rooms since this is , after all , a JW Marriott , so you know you are going to get a high end product. The hotel itself is extremely conveniently located - right at the Admirality MTR station. As a result , easy access to pretty much anywhere you want to go - if not by MTR then there is always the taxi

we stayed here for three nights in July 2006 and had a great stay. The hotel overlooks a steep hillside and is very quiet and private. The pool area was adequate but not as nice as the FOur Seasons H.K. See my other review .

would have been great had i not stayed next door at the shangri la a few months before and the funny smell in the room

my extended family has travelled to Hong Kong each December for the last three years. We 've stayed at the JW Marriott every time and we love it. The service is quick and attentive. Our plane always seems to arrive at the crack of dawn and they always manage to get us in our rooms well before check in time. When my Mom complained that the mattress was too firm for her they brought her an entirely new mattress and a down mattress topper as well they 've done this for three years in a row now . The pool is lovely and heated well enough to use on cool days. The location right over the Pacific Place Mall and subway station is incredibly convenient. The room service food is excellent and prompt. You 're also directly adjacent to the Hong Kong Park great playground for my 5 and 7 year old daughters and a ten minute walk from the Peak Tram. Overall we much prefer the peaceful atmosphere of Central over hot and noisy Kowloon. We highly recommend it .

we stayed here for 2 nights , 13 - 15 April , and were happy with the choice given Hong Kong 's notoriously expensive hotel rates. We paid HKD $ 2,690 for 3 of us per night plus taxes. The room was very comfortable and the bathroom great. We had harbour views. The hotel is directly above one of the biggest and best shopping malls in Central. It is a bit of a walk to the nightlife area of Central and also to the Star Ferry or the transport terminal which is okay at this time of year before it gets too hot. The breakfasts are good without being spectacular. We were happy to stay here but would only choose it again if the price was right !

my husband had to go to Hong Kong for a quick trip on short notice and we decided to priceline a hotel in a central location. We got the JW Marriott for less than $ 200 which we thought was a great deal. We arrived early around 7am but was able to check into the hotel right away. We were even allowed to get credit on our Marriott rewards card. The front desk was awfully polite and check-in was swift. We got a room on a low floor but it had a nice view of the pool and we did n't mind. They brought us a plate of fresh fruit and chinese tea and there was free mineral water in the room. The room was a decent size , not too big but comfortable and the bathroom was spotless with separate bathtub and shower. The staff seemed to have a sixth sense of when we come and go because we never saw them but the room was always cleaned up quickly. One time we just went down to the gym for 20 mins but when we got back to the room , the room was already cleaned and spotless and the fresh fruit and bottled water was replaced every day actually twice a day because they replace it at turndown service too . We thought that was quite generous of them. We did n't dine at the restaurants or use other facilities so ca n't comment on that. But overall the staff everywhere we encountered , from housekeeping to front desk to bell desk to concierge were extremely polite and friendly and we felt the hotel was in a perfect location to enjoy Hong Kong. It 's great that it is located right in the middle of one of the best malls in Hong Kong too , with access to tons of nice shops and restaurants and easy access to the MTR underground and you never have to wait for a taxi anytime of the day. We 'd defintiely come and stay here again if we can get a good deal again .

stayed here for three nights while touring Hong Kong. This hotel is conveniently located above the very nice Pacific Place mall with loads of shopping and food options and with direct access to the Admiralty subway station. Hong Kong is often very hot and humid so the convenience of taking the subway without venturing outside is a big advantage .

my wife and I stayed at the J.W. Marriott for 7 nights on vacation. This is a magnificent hotel with lift access to one of the best and newest Shopping Malls in Hong Kong , from which have direct access to Admiralty MTR underground station. Having travelled extensively and stayed in many hotels classed as 'The Best in the World ' the service and standard of accommodation in the Marriott equalled any .

i stayed 2 days at this hotel &amp ; moved to Four Seasons for 1 night to be nearer to the HK station. So I have the advantage of a direct comparison please see my other review on Four Seasons .

we spent 4 nights here leaving on Christmas Day morning. We booked a JW suite with club accesss and we were delighted with both the room and the hotel. The club lounge comes in for special praise. The breakfast and snacks were excellent. We have been in many club lounges of different hotel chains over the last few years and this was the friendliest. The furniture was arranged to encourage interaction between guests and this enhanced our stay. We even exchanged email addresses with another couple. The staff were excellent and the suite very nice. Our only little niggle was the wardrobe which was very small and crammed up against the bedside table making it very difficult to access which was a bit strange in a suite. Otherwise we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would book again .

i am a business traveler staying at hotels about 2 times a week every week. I have stayed at the JW and regular Marriot hotels throughout the world. The Hong Kong JW deserves the top rating for its accommodation , services , and location .

we went to HK for the Electronics Fair in October and this was our first in HK .

this is a great hotel with great service : smiling reception staff , they even bring you to the elevator although you are a regular guest , they press the floor bottom for you wishing you a good stay , you have complimentary fruit basket and hot Chinese tea although you are just at the basic level of the Marriott membership what a difference with the snobbish and bad service of the Grand Hyatt in Wanchai ... The gym is open 24h a day and the swimming pool closes at 23h. The breakfast is great with the huge selection of fresh juices and fruits you can bring along with you for the day .

although the hotel is very much in the buisness sector,it is very well located for lesuire , go down to the ground floor the lift will take you to an amazing shopping centre and direct access to the M.T.R , the best underground system i have ever travelled on .

i stayed for five days , and the Marriott has been just excellent .

i stayed for two nigths in this hotel en route to Australia. I arrived to check in at 8.30am and the room was available .

this is my second stay at JW Mariott and stayed for 6 nights. The rooms are great with seperate shower in bathroom and extremenly comfortable bed. I highly recommend staying on the executive floors which gives you access to the executive lounge where they serve great breakfast and afternoon tea. I can not believe this hotel is rated lower than the Ritz Carelton HK - I stayed twice at the Ritz and the rooms are not comparable. Location is fantastic , right next to Pacific Place complex , Hong Kong Park and walking district to the financial district .

this place really knows their service. Everyone wore white gloves and spoke very good English. The staff was so friendly and never expected a tip although I happily gave one anyway .

arrived at hotel but unfortunately our luggage was somewhere in the air. The room was being cleaned but we were immediately shown to the bar for a drink. Shortly after we were shown to our room which had a harbour view at no extra cost. The toiletries in the bathroom were plentiful and varied so we could shower and use the lovely bathrobes while waiting for our cases .

this was our second trip to Hong Kong and our second stay at the JW Marriott. What a lovely hotel. The views of harbor and Victoria ‚ Ä ô s Peak are unmatched ; the service was impeccable. Though it can use a bit of updating , the rooms are large and comfortable and the location is beautiful. We highly recommend a stay at this gorgeous hotel .

the J.W. was a very pleasant surprise. We expected a nice hotel , but we did n't expect it to be quite as nice as it was for the great rate we got on the Marriott website. From the moment you walk in to the marble lobby with the high ceilings and the great harbor view , you realize that you are at the Marriott 's top-of-the-line. We had a great corner room with two walls of windows , a comfortable size with a large bathroom -- again , a surprise for the rate. The hotel had all the little luxuries you would expect from a five-star hotel , plush robes and comfortable slippers - which were replaced daily -- twice-daily maid service , and a welcome tea served on a lovely tea set .

my husband and I stayed here for four nights on a stopover to Australia and thought this hotel was one of the best hotels we had ever been to .

the JW Marriot was in a very good location on Hong Kong Island. I am glad we stayed on the island instead of Kowloon. The island was much nicer and upscale. The hotel is attached to a mall and the train station , which makes it very nice and convenient. You could actually get to and from the airport by train without ever going outside. There are restaurants both Asian and western in this mall so you do n't have to eat in the overpriced restaurants at the hotel. There 's also a little grocery store in this mall that is fabulous. It 's like an asian Whole Foods. The service was fantastic. They were very nice and accommodating here. The rooms are very clean and nice .

i 've stayed in several hotels in my life. The rooms were n't that clean , the non-smoking rooms were clearly smoking rooms , and they never removed the tea that was 3 days old in our room !

i thought this hotel was great. From the friendly welcome , to the spacious well cleaned rooms to the super outside pool and convenient location , I have nothing to complain about. I stay in a lot of hotels for business and this is definitely one of the better ones. It is linked to a great shopping mall called Pacific Place , which if you do n't want to eat room service , but ca n't be bothered to venture far has a downstairs areas with some restaurants including Zen , which does superb dim sum and also a cheaper more 'snack style ' food court on the first floor. As for the hotel facilities there are a number of different restaurant areas to suit all budgets. The fitness facilities are good - there is a cardio area and the outdoor pool is heated so even in Feb. it was possible to swim in the evening. I was only staying in a bog standard double room , but there was a small seating area , desk and enough room to move around without feeling squashed. There are tea and coffee making facilities in the room which are free as well as a fruit bowl and bottled water , all included. When I arrived they bought up some tea to 'welcome ' me and in all my contact with the employees from the gym , pool , front desk etc. I found them to be extremely helpful. When I left the hotel I asked for a taxi to the airport and the concierge told me how much it would cost and what my other options were if I wanted something cheaper , which was typical of the service I encountered - not snobby , but friendly and approachable. I would really recommend the JW Marriott if you are in HK for business , but it would also make a good place for a city break and would suit families too. I am not sure about it for a super luxury break - maybe some of the more expensive rooms have the wow factor as they are higher up , bigger etc. I would definitely stay at this hotel again .

amazing                               . We arrived at 7am &amp ; despite being fully booked the previous night they had a room cleaned &amp ; ready for us within the hour no extra charge .

i ‚ Ä ô ve stayed at a lot of hotels in my time , but the JW Marriott Hong Kong is a hotel I would put into the exceptional category. With great service , clean comfortable rooms with all the amenities , a solid location and much more , I just can ‚ Ä ô t find any fault with this wonderful hotel. It has definitely earned its 5 stars in my book

i have stayed at the JW Marriott on 3 occasions now. The first time I joined my husband when he was on an extended business trip. They had given him a large corner room - great for a long stay and much bigger than average as we subsequently found out .

i just returned from a week stay at the JW Marriott - Hong Kong. Location and service were fabulous ! Easy access to subway/underground and with a big Shopping Mall just downstairs. Room had two walls of windows and great view to the harbour. Bed was great like brand new. Fresh fruit , bottle water were replenished daily and tea was always available around 5PM. Breakfast is fantatisc with oriental and ocidental options. Previously I stayed at Mandarim Oriental which is algo great... but next time I will go again for JW Marriot

