i like this hotel because first , it 's price is affordable second , the room is so sophisticated and beautiful , third , the Bathroom is clean , fourth , the view s beautiful and last the workers in the hotel are so kind .

we stayed at the Kimberley Hotel in the middle of Tsim Sha Tsui. Much higher priced hotel. I rate this 3 star hotel with 3 star value. 2 blocks from MTR atation. Reasonably quiet. Typical Hong Kong small size hotel room , sigh. Fantastic location for shopping .

arrived on the first stop of an around the world trip , spent four nights here. Getting to the hotel was easy enough , we used the A21 express bus from the airport. The entrance of the hotel was a bit odd , with the reception on the first floor , up two escalators - however the porters on the ground floor took care of the luggage. We arrived around 10am and had to return at 12 : 30 to check-in , which I guess is quite normal - if a little frustrating .

the hotel was very rigid accommodating an early check in.The rooms were very small start and finish for the price i.e 120 USD + .The spa and gym was under renovation which was not informed before reservation.The swimming pool was a scary one .

great location , on Kimberley Road in Kowloon , between Nathan and Chatham. Very convenient to the Kowloon shopping areas , and around the corner from the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR stop. Nothing fancy , but the rooms were clean and well-kept. Like so many rooms in Hong Kong , rooms were on the small side , but not excessively so .

i booked the hotel half day before I checked in and when I have got to the room at night and was about to go to bed , the bed sheet was still used as it was from the previous customer. The hair was on the sheet and the the half used shampoo was in the shower room.. .

the Kimberley has fallen in its overall standards in recent times. Staff are less efficient and less fluent in English , it seems. Despite this , it retains its value for money. The location is good , and you can walk to so many attractions. There 's a convenience store just across the road for cheap snacks .

stayed for a couple of nights with my wife and teenage daughter. Its just off nathan road so convenient for shopping and MTR. Busy hotel , lots of bustle. They obviously cater for large parties of people on tours. If you get stuck behind one of these at arrival or departure time , enjoy the wait. Normal rooms are very small. We upgraded to a suite for about HK $ 40 per night and it was much better. There are better hotels to stay at similar rates .

i loved the Kimberley it was in a great location. We got upgraded to a suite and breakfast was included which we did n't realise. This may have something to do with the economic crisis and swine flu but it made our holiday. The breakfast buffet was excellent and fortified us for a hard days shopping and sightseeing. We were on the 19th floor so it was quiet and the room was very nice with a firm bed and aircon. Absolutely no complaints , we lost some laundry and they were very concerned with regular visits and calls to our room to express their concern , after 3 days of looking they found the garment undies and returned them to us with a flourish ! All the staff were friendly and helpful except the dodgy &quot ; travel agent&quot ; in the downstairs foyer tunnel who did n't really seem attached to the hotel. She tried to charge a lot of money for a Chinese visa which we got in Shenzen when we arrived via the MTR for about a tenth of what she wanted. I recommend the Kimberley whole heartedly !

stayed in the Kimberley for a week with the Cathay Pacific city tour deal. The location is really very good for this hotel. There is a 7/11 across the street and Nathan Road is very close by. It 's even walking distance to the Peninsula area and the Star Ferry. There was one weird thing , the floors went from lobby to the eigth floor... there were no floors inbetween. Very strange numbering system. The beds were also rock hard , but we slept just fine anyway. We went to the Japanese restaurant of the hotel , but found it to be quite average. I guess we were being lazy with all the great food you can get outside. Staff , as far as we needed them , were very friendly , as was everyone in Hong Kong that we met. All in all , if you want a decent hotel with a good price and excellent location , I can really recommend the Kimberley .

my room was just the right size for a solo traveler , not sure if there had been another person is there was enough room for their luggage or the person .

well , I do n't think you could find a better location .

we had three days stopover in HK from UK and met up here with relatives from Australia who were travelling with us to China. Great location just off main Nathan Road. 15 minutes walk to Star Ferry longer when the touts are out pestering you to buy watches suits , meals etc and just 5 to the nearest very efficient MTR system and short cheap taxi ride to the Kowloon Airport Express station where you can also check-in . Good quality hotel very comfortable and clean with good services and would definately recommend it .

this hotel is in a great location--walk out the door and everything is at your feet. The wonderful public indoor/outdoor pool is down the street and open late at night--very nice ! The rooms in this hotel are small , but it is like being in New York City or Paris--you are n't going to get large rooms in the heart of a large city. This hotel is clean and the staff very good--I would stay here again and recommend it to friends .

the best thing about this hotel is its location - right smack in the Tsim Sha Tsui area , and a couple of blocks from the nearest mrt station. Lots of shopping in the vicinity , and near Knutsford terrace , with restaurants galore. There 's a Ben and Jerry 's ice cream nearby , so we enjoyed a couple of scoops .

stayed here with friends for a week in May. Rained every day but nevertheless , we got out and about and enjoyed our stay. Handy to transport system , taxis very cheap as well and reasonable restaurants and 711 and Welcome stores nearby. Good to get back to a comfortable hotel each day with a very good breakfast buffet each morning. Found staff to be friendly and helpful in all restaurants. Excellent dinner in their Chinese Restaurant. Reception and service generally quite good. Obviously aware of swine flu , cleaners everywhere with one stationed at escalators wiping hand rails. Could not fault anything and would happily return for another stay .

the hotel is located on Kowloon Island. It 's about 4 blocks from the subway station , 5 minute cab ride from the Jade Market and Night Market , and maybe 1/2 mile from the marina where you can watch the laser light show and catch the Star Ferry over to Hong Kong island .

in this hotel I come already for many years. Its very well situated for me. Just across are the Knutsford Steps with lots of restaurants / bars. All around the small shopping streets which are nice to walk around. For the breakfast there is Starbucks Also on the Kutsford Steps . But also the chinese restaurants across the hotel are very good. Nathan Road and Ocean Terminal / Harbour City shopping center at walking distance as well .

theres a lot of mixed review about this hotel. I stayed there 5 years ago and i left very happy overall .

i can manage with a small single room but not dirty carpet you would n't step on barefoot. Slippers were provided .

i stayed at the Kimberley for three nights in August 2007. By the time I arrived in Hong Kong , I was sick and exhausted after a month of teaching in Beijing and two weeks of backpacking in western and southern China. It was SUCH a relief to arrive at the beautifully appointed Kimberley ! The hotel is in a fantastic location , right across the street from the restaurants of Knutsford Terrace , and close to the subway station. I 'm a very light sleeper , and particularly sensitive to street noise , so I was really impressed with the soundproofing in my room. Even though my room overlooked a very busy street , my room was dead quiet -- and spotlessly clean and ultra-comfortable -- I slept about 12 hours straight my first night there !

had to wait 1hr at reception to check in because rooms were not pre allocated. when finally reached rooms they were not made up as ordered ie 2 triples not made up as triples had to ask 3 times for highchair at breakfast took 20 minutes. Check out not till 12pm but room stripped whilst we were out before 11 and computer folded up in settee bed .

first of all one good thing about this hotel is the location. It 's near everywhere ! It 's just a few minutes away from the MTR , there are buses all over , it 's a few steps away from nathan road , and having the Kowloon park just a stone 's throw away is a plus. The rooms were pretty decent , the bed 's are good for an average sized asian guy , but I can see taller and bigger persons having trouble with the bed. The bathroom was clean , no frills but just right. The service was good , they answered our requests in a jiffy. We loved our stay at the kimberley and we 'll surely be back again .

i stayed for a week at the Kimberley earlier this month March 2009 . The reception lobby is two floors up ground&gt ; mezzanine&gt ; lobby , reachable via escalators or elevators from the ground. There is also a bellboy service on the ground , if you require help with luggage , but I did n't need it and found my own way up to the lobby. Check-in was smooth but please note , they do request your credit card for a HK $ 1000 deposit which was reassuringly ripped up and canceled on checking out .

located between Jordan &amp ; Tsim Tsa Tsui MTR stations , this hotel is very accessible. Just 5 min walk to either stations .

my girlfriend and I stayed in the Kimberley for two weeks in February and from the moment we got there the staff were friendly and informative. The room was expected to be small , and it is , but not nearly as much as I had thought. The fridge in our room was n't in the bathroom as some of the others have said so I guess it varies depending on the room we had the standard . My advice is to get the breakfast ask if it 's included because they put out a pretty good spread. Quite close to the MTR and Kowloon Park was at the end of the road which was good. Also walking distance to the science and history museums. All round a great hotel .

we stopped in HK for 3 nights on our way to NZ and Oz. This hotel is in a great location which is the best thing about this hotel. The hotel is right in the middle of the main shopping area in Kowloon and a quick walk to the ferry for KH island. the foyer is quite nice. the bedrooms and en suite are OK but the bed room is tiny - there is hardly room to open your suitcase , the room also has poor lighting making it difficult to read. The rooms are clean and fine for a quick stay over in Hong Kong. The restaurant is very poor and should be avoided. - its like a bad chinese restaurant at home .

not a bad hotel , somewhat neutral actually. We asked specifically for a room without cigarette smell I know , difficult in Hong Kong but the one we had reeked ! We had 2 interconnecting rooms which worked well. The hotel was in a great location with heaps of eateries around. A good hotel , but not fabulous. Having said that we would likely stay there again because you never know what you are going to get in Hong Kong !

four of us stayed two nights at the Kimberley on a stop over to Australia. I stayed here in 2005 with my sister and the hotel is as good now as it was then. It 's in a brilliant location in Kowloon , just off Nathan road , ten minutes walk from the Star Ferry and 10 minutes from the night market. The buffet breakfast is fantastic , you can stuff yourself stupid if inclined for ¬ £ 15 per head on anything from beautiful fresh fruit to noodles or english breakfast. Evening buffet at ¬ £ 35 also good value help yourself until you pop and wine and beer included. But there is also plenty of good food to be had nearby. Rooms are &quot ; cosy ! &quot ; but clean and comfy bed , shower in our room old but my sister 's was brand new. Really recommend this hotel for VFM .

the Kimberley Hotel is in a fantastic location off Nathan Road one of the main streets. Its close to everything including the metro , cafes , market and lots of shops. The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful and the rooms are clean and have all facilities. We stayed here for 2 nights on a stopover from Europe and was pleased with the accommodation and most of all the location. I would highly recommend the hotel and would definitely stay here again .

this is an unauthorized review of the Kimberley Hotel in Hong Kong. Firstly , I have to emphasize the great location. It 's a short walk to Nathan St. major north- south street that bisects Kowloon , it 's a short walk to the metro , it 's a short walk to the bus line on Nathan St. and of course it 's a short walk to many restaurants and bars etc....which really is n't saying much b/c there 's food everywhere. You 'll never be hungry in Hong Kong .

i stayed at the Kimberley Hotel for 6 nights. I took the option of booking the airport to hotel bus which dropped me off right infront of the hotel. Porters took my bag to my room , while I checked in at reception. The staff were friendly and spoke English very well. I was on the 19th floor which was very quiet and eaily accessible by the hotel elevator. My room had a double bed , tv , shower/bath , fridge and coffee making facilities. I 'm surprised at previous reviews stating that the rooms were quite small , as although I was the only one staying in the room I found it to be quite spacious. The tv has a number of channels including many english channels .

well  initially I had my reservations about this hotel after reading the reviews here... &amp ; I was prepared to be greeted by some small &amp ; tired hotel... BUT

we stayed at the kimberley for 3 nights on the way to Australlia and were quite impressed. The location of the hotel is its main draw , right in the heart of the city and a short walk to everything. Whilst not the most luxurious hotel we stayed in , the hotel has eveything you need for a comfortable stay except a pool Although the maids were keen to clean and we were woken by them 2 days in a row , despite do not disturb signs .

stayed here with my girlfriend and her sister for 16 nights..from the very first moment at check in there was rude and unhelpful service at the front desk..we were given the wrong room for a triple,only one double bed and a sofa for a third person which we forked out an extravegent amount of money for..rooms are ok,bit small but nevertheless ok,plumbing is a problem,room service is slow and sometimes need reminding.breakfast is pretty good as is the lunch..wouldnt recomend a 2 week stay there,ok for a few nights stopover if you dont mind rude and arrogant service especially at the checkin counter..we were the target of a broken glass door in our room which we didnt do and they tried to make us pay for but didnt work..location is fantastic which is the only thing good about the hotel..beware of the ladys of the night roaming the outside and foyer at night looking for money in return for massage sex

stayed at the Kimberly for three nights in December enroute to Australia.Yes , the hotel is a little tired but overall found it to be clean and comfortable..The maid service was very helpful and they attended promptly to any requests we had.The breakfast buffet was a very good selection . Overall all service at this hotel was great.. As other reviewers have mentioned , it is centrally located for tours , shopping and is within walking distance to station and star ferry.Taxis are easily caught outside and restaurants and small supermarkets abound.Our room was quiet and had an interesting view of the street below.We had two children with us and were able to make use of an interconnecting room.Would definitely stay there again .

just back from 12 days in HK staying at the Kimberley. All the public areas of the hotel have been renovated , the rooms have been repainted and wall papered and the bathrooms have had a make-over. However the room furniture looks tired and the carpets need replacement , but everything works and the place is clean. Service is fine , the desk staff helpful and no supprises on the bill .

we stayed at the Kimberly hotel for seven nights in March.The room was a good size-with a sofa bed for our seven year old son.Room facilities were good with coffee/ tea making facilities , fridge , hairdryer and the maid service was excellent. Overall the furnishings were a little shabby and well worn. However , the carpet was filthy- you really need the slippers that are provided. I do n't want to dwell on trivial detail too much because the selling point of this hotel is its location. Its in a quieter side street off Nathan road with two excellent restaurants opposite-Cantonese and Japanese. It really is in the heart of Kowloon-close to shopping though you 're never far away markets , museums , transport links etc .

i stayed there for 15 days at the end of Feb. I had no problem with the service , the staff was generally helpful , no attitude that sort of thing. I booked the first 11 days through a travel agency prepaid and added on 4 more days and had no problem with that , i.e. no outrageous rates , bill problem at checkout...etc. However I would agree with some of the reviews that the rooms are getting a bit old , you can tell the wear and tear , it was kept very clean , just not new anymore , the carpet was a bit worn thin , there was some small patches on the wallpaper. The bathroom looked to be newer with the new shower stall with the glass , not the cheap curtain. Overall it was good for what I had to pay for it .

we stayed here for three nights as a stopover. We found the hotel to be clean , easy to find and in a great location. Only a short walk to the MTR station , which means that you had access to the rest of Hong Kong including the Airport .

this hotel is off main drag , but this advantage means no major traffic noise. The Foyer is on next level and over enthusiastic bell boys can be a nuisance .

good location in Kowloon .

this hotel was great. good location , comfortable , fabulous breakfast. felt so spacious and great after europe for a month. was very comfortable. good hotel .

we were impressed with the hotel. Though the room we were staying in was small Standard Room , it was clean , tidy and served our needs. We were expecting a small room this is Hong Kong after all , but the room as actually cozy. So it was nice. Housekeeping was prompt and efficient. Something that tickled us... The mini fridge was located in the BATHROOM ! No kidding .

i orignially booked into a hostel to save money in Chung King Mansions but 5 minutes there and I was bawling and having a massive fight with the manager because it was a prison cell and wrongly advertised on the internet. I managed to get into the Kimberley which was a fantastic change to staying in hostels. I was on the 22nd floor and was treated like an absolute queen. The only negative was that you had to pay to use the pool and spa facilities which is the lowest level but I just used the gym and took advantage of having two tvs for one person .

fine hotel. Nothing too spectacular , but reasonably priced , clean and comfortable with friendly staff. Within walking distance of the Star Ferry , though there are plenty of taxis around if it 's wet .

the Kimberley Hotel is really well located , just off the main Nathan Road in Kowloon , a few minutes walk to the Star Ferry terminal for Hong Kong Island , very close to a metro station and surrounded by shops and restaurants. So convenient for getting around .

travel agent booked me into this hotel a little while ago .

went holidaying with my Hubby and stayed for 2 nights. The Hotel external was not as grand as the nearby hotels , we only realise we 've reached the hotel main entrance when we saw the hotel name. Room was small but cosy. Would rate this hotel as 3 * * * consider room is small and old , I would consider a pricey hotel might be due to its location , surroundings like their Eatery and shopping stuffs are just as pricey compare to Mongkok or Yau Ma Tei.. As for view wise , do n't expect much and also because its next to an apartment , do close your curtains at all times if you do not want to see peeping Toms. Would try other hotels next time .

small room but great location .

we booked a standard room at the Kimberley for 1 week in September 2007. Yes , the rooms are small but they are functional and clean. We had enough cupboard space to store both our clothes and our purchases .

felt I had to write a review of this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights on our way to Australia. I have read many reviews that are critical of the room sizes. I must have been very lucky as the room we had was very large , very comfortable and clean. The staff are not the friendliest in the world , but they are pleasant and efficient. We ate one night in the restaurant , food was good. The location of the hotel is great. Getting to and from the airport very easy. Take the train to Kowloon station and there is a free bus to the hotel. You will find this service on the ground floor. All well signposted. The hotel is within walking distance of all the attractions and shops. The only quibble I had was the shop owners , mainly tailors , constantly trying to get you into their shops. Very irritating. Easy walking distance to the star ferry. Dont bother with the expensive harbour tours , just use the ferry to get around. All in all a good priced , comfortable hotel and a good location for exploring and shopping .

just returned from HK on 19 Jul 07. Kimberly was the hotel i stayed with my gf. The hotel entrance is so small , on 1st glance u could hardly notice it. It is a small corridor on a crowded street. Kimberley Rd Most bus dun go into its carpark/bell service entrance cos its too small and tight to manuvuer it out... So u have to drag ur own luggage thru the corridor towards the bell service. U can find the bell service the 1st time u enter the hotel. Its on the left. Then the lobby , the reception and are on different floor to the bell service... So u might have to carry ur own luggage/s up to the lobby/reception on the next floor by taking the escalator. The reception counter/lobby is small and if there is a long Q , its gg to take a long time to check in/check out. For 6 days i stayed there , I dd n't see any friendly stuffs who greeted or smiled. They will only provide help if you asked them and be prepared to provide tips.. .

on previous visits to Hong Kong we have stayed at the Park Hotel but this time we thought that we would try somewhere different , the Kimberley .

stayed there for 2 nights .. the first negative issue I had when I walked in , the concirge staff were watching me dragging my luggage and no body seems to even care or help , the second issue rooms are small and the funiture is outdated , Third , the broadband internet is a terrible pus you had to pay HK $ 120 for 24 hours &quot ; too expensive &quot ; ; fourth , the Hotel staff are not friendly at all , it hardly you find somebody smiling ; and finally , long Que to check out and then they charged 2 in house movies in my bill which I did n't buy , and when i tried to complain to the front disk , they are not intersted to listen and i did n't have time to argue with them ... I recommend if you decide to stay to disable the in house movies &quot ; it is totaly rip off&quot ;

we stayed here from 11 June 07 for 4 nights. This hotel was very nice and if you are able to carry your bags across a road you can get the airport shuttle bus , which is very cheap and the fastest route .

we stayed at the Kimberley Hotel at the last week of April.The room was clean,the bed linens crisp and the bathroom spotless.For the price we paid,this was a great deal ! It 's location was near to 7-11,and shopping galore along Nathan Rd , Cameron and Granville St.. Just near the hotel is a money exchange dealer who gave us a good deal for our U.S. dollars.The MTR stations were just a block away.all in all i would recomment this place to all.the room is rather small but for its price and strategic location , i can overlook that aspect .

this is my 3rd time to HK and 2nd time staying at TST. I love to stay at TST... It is a place with good food and great shopping .

the hotel at first is pretty ok , until the bed bug incident .

we had three nights here and they were perfect , the location was just right , a stone 's throw from the main street. Very helpful staff and the food was great,

our family of four two adults and two teenagers stayed at the Kimberley Hotel for 7 nights in March 2007. We requested two non-smoking , interconnected rooms. The rooms were waiting for us when we checked in. Check in/out was fast , the rooms were clean , the beds were good , the comforters were soft. One of the rooms had a double bed , a safe and a refrigerator ; the other room had two twin beds and a refrigerator. The safe was big enough for my laptop and important documents. The refrigerators were great for drinks. Internet access was HK $ 600.00 per week. The location was just perfect. MTR Subway , KCR Train and the famous Star Ferry were just 5 to 10 minutes walk away. The hotel was surrounded by Shops and restaurants all price ranges . There was a drug store in the same building ; laundry and supermarket were across the street. Some travelers may think that the rooms were not that big and the view was not great. For our family , it was just perfect. We wanted a city experience not a resort experience .

my husband and I stayed in the Kimberley Hotel for 2 weeks and it was just wonderful ! We had a double room that was a strange triangular shape but this squeezed every last bit of room out of a hotel in a city where space is at a premium !

stayed @ the Kimberly Hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui area for 3 nights. Room was small , but then all HK rooms are. Given the size , it was comfortable enough , and 3 of us girls managed to stay in it comfortably .

just returned from a 3 night stay at the Kimberley. We could not find any faults with this hotel at all. The location could n't have been better , easy walking distance to Star Ferry , Nathan Rd and Temple Market. Lots of dining choices across the street at the Knutsford complex. The buffet breakfast was good with many choices. We found the beds to be comfortable not overly hard as often posted here. The rooms are a bit small but there is a nice marble shower and a soft duvet on the bed for a nice little touch. We would most definately tell our friends about this place .

this hotel is great , especially for a 3 star. Great location - really close to Nathan Road main road , shopping , ferry terminals and all amenities. It 's also very well known by taxi drivers and the free shuttle service from the Kowloon Airport Express terminal , which is very handy ! Staff very friendly and helpful. I found my room plenty spacious enough and spotlessly clean. Beds do have fairly hard mattresses , but I found them very comfortable. Rooms also have air conditioning and temperature control , so all in all , it 's easy to make yourself comfortable. I could n't have asked for any more and thoroughly enjoyed my stay here .

we have a young family and travel a lot from Australia. We have been to Hong Kong many times but it was our first at the Kimberley Hotel. Our travel agent had put in two requests to ensure we had inteconnecting rooms and on arrival when I enquired that this was the case , the staff assured me that we had inteconnecting rooms. We then found that the rooms were across the hall and therefore my husband and I had to sleep in separate rooms for the 10 nights. We paid to sleep 3 in each room and the first room only slept 2. So we had to sleep 2 children in one fold out bed , which was not very comfortable .

we stayed at the kimberley for 3 nights in november 06. unfortunately my husband and i were only able to get a twin room with 2 single beds. now i am normally not picky at all but the room was n't that great. the beds were ROCK hard. i have never felt a bed so hard. they obviously know this as you are able to order &quot ; matress softeners&quot ; from housekeeping. i ordered two for each of us and they just turned out to be blankets..... They barely made the bed any softer. lucky we were exhausted as were able to sleep due to that , but my husband kept getting dead arms and legs .

i was concerned after reading some of the reviews on this site , but the hotel was much better than I had imagined .

the location is fantastic , there are shops everywhere , we were around the corner from nathan road which is great for shopping and a short walk from temple street night market which is sooo good for shopping i ran out of money ! !

when i went in the hotel , 50 % of the hotel staff greeted me ! i was shocked ! ! they were smileing happily. they did everything properly and swift.should be a 4 * not a 3 * hotel. bathroom is small but big.rooms are small and old.liked the price and service and disliked the room .

ok - to start , we went from an upgraded suite in Bangkok , to a perfectly located hotel in Sydney , to lazy times in Hamilton Island to paradise in Port Douglas - therefore , a central , average hotel in the centre of Hong Kong will bring us down with a bit of a bang , especially after 15 hours of travelling to get here !

we arrived late evening after long flight from Chicago. The Kimberley was conveniently located to shopping and really gave us a taste of the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong 's unique neighborhoods. For the money it was a very nice Hotel and the Food in the restaurants were excellent. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Would come back again .

i stayed here on the way back from Oz in Dec 04. Hotel is quite large , but very conveniently placed with good access to the MTR and Nathan Road. Just a short walk down to the TST harbourside for some fantastic night time views across to HK island. Check in staff were not the friendliest but ok , considering the lateness of my check in. Room was clean and serviceable , bed comfy and gave no cause for complaint , i slept well. I advise you not to go anywhere near the Mini bar however , it 's very expensive ! All in all , a worthy place to stay , i would definitely return there if ever i was passing through HK again , or staying there for a holiday .

we recently spent three nights at the Kimberley. Although we arrived well after normal check in time our room was not ready and we were asked to return in an hour. A bit of a pain after a mammouth flight from the UK but not a major problem .

we have just returned from Hong Kong on the 1st of September .

we spent three nights at the Kimberly Hotel in Hong Kong in August /06. We found this hotel just OK. The front staff were not overly friendly but they did there job. The rooms were for the most part a little shabbly. It really needed a new paint job and some TLC. The bathroom I think had been redone as it was clean and somewhat modern. Overall the room was small. The good thing about this hotel is it is in a good location , pretty much close to anything you would need. There is an airport bus stop just up the road. This was the most economical way of getting to the airport that we found. The view from the double decker bus was awesome. Hope this helps !

i stayed at the Kimberly in a triple share room with my two sisters and had a wonderful time at the Kimberly. The rooms were clean , no funny smells and fantastic value for money. The staff were fantastic , even though at the beggining we forgot we 're supposed to tip in HK i.e. bellboys . I would recommend it to anyone , the location was fantastic , walking distance from night market 15-20 min leisure stroll and from the ferry as well. I will go back when i visit HK again .

very helpful staff , lovely lobby and restaurants. Breakfast buffet is outstanding. Rooms are not large , but similar to European standards and are very clean. Maid service was efficient and thorough. Location is very good ; close to Nathan Road and not far from the Jade Market , the Peninsula , the ferry , HK Museum. Walking in HK is a delight...the city is spotless. Be sure to go the HK side and take the outdoor escalator up the mountain. Victoria 's Peak was a slight disappointment , although the view is beautiful .

great Location and withing walking distance to Nathan Rd , Star Ferry and the MTR. Lots of shops and restaurants surrounding the hotel which were fantastic. Can not fault the location at all .

the best thing about this hotel was the location. There were lots of good eating places around not to mention KFC and Maccas - although Hong Kong Style and easy access to transport. It is in the middle of a shopping district so it 's very busy and can be quite noisy. Careful of the seedy salesmen waiting for you to step out of the hotel to try and flog you &quot ; copy watch&quot ; and &quot ; copy handbag&quot ; . Just walk by without looking at them or talking to them ! The rooms are EXTREMELY small but very clean and very comfortable. We found the bathroom quite big and there was bath salts , dressing gowns , slippers etc. etc. etc ! The staff at reception and the concierge were n't overly friendly but overall we were very happy with out stay there

stayed here for 5 nights. No complaints. Good location .

we 2 adults stayed here for 9 days , and were very happy with the hotel .

excellent Kowloon/TST location. 28 Kimberley Rd È á ë Â ∑ ¥ Â à © È Å ì 28 Ë ô ü . Very nice facility. Nice rooms. Business packages work nice for vacationers too. The packages can include breakfast very nice breakfasts , 30 min internet connection , and shuttle bus return to Hong Kong International airport. Shuttle # 5 for the Airport Express train system serves a stop that is only about 25m east on Kimberley Rd down the sidewalk from the front door .

we stayed 2 adults in the Kimberley Hotel for 3 nights. We feel that it 's a nice hotel and great value. It 's definitely a 4-star hotel. The breakfast was nice and included a large variety of hot and cold items. Like others mentioned , the downside is that smoking is allowed in the dining room. The rooms were nicely decorated , the bed was okay , a little on the hard side but okay .

the best thing about this hotel is its location close to MTR on Nathan Road , about 10-15 walk to Star Ferry and about 10 min walk to Temple Street Night Market , rooms are small but are clean , staff are not as friendly as they could be , prices seem to have gone up recently and in our opinion this hotel is now not such good value for money as it used to be. Food in the restuarant was good but take a jacket as the air con is always on full and it is very cold .

spent 7 days at the Kimberly and found it to be very pleasant , clean and convenient. Close to Nathan Rd and MTR about 5 mins walk . About a 15 minute walk to Habour City huge shopping malls on Canton Rd. Taxis are cheap to get back if you find yourself with loads of shopping ! The bed was a little hard - however they supply a foam underlay if you request it. Shower was great and bathroom supplies are plentiful. The breakfast buffet was lovely - so much to choose from - unfortunately smoking is allowed which does take away from the experience ! It exceeded my expectations particularly at the price. We also stayed at Marco Polo Hong Kong for the following 17 days and although it is in a much better position the actual hotel was disappointing see my review . Be careful of shops which do not show prices - they tend to jack them up quite a bit for the unsuspecting tourist. Make sure you know the usual retail price before beginning bargaining. Be wary of brands you have not heard of .

stayed here for 4 nights mid January. There were 2 adults and 1 child and we were on 20th floor. Very quiet and not long wait for lifts. We had 1 bedroom and lounge with sofa bed for child. Not overly roomy but we did not need much more. Bathroom clean. Breakfast was good , we filled up for the day. Down side was the smoking in the breakfast room. As a non-smoker it was quite unpleasant , even tho there are seperate areas the air is all the same. Check in and out reasonable. Walking distances no problem and close to MRT station. Would stay there again .

in the center of the shopping area on Kowloon- extremely quiet , comfortable double beds provided. Tea and coffee in room. Rooms quite small by U.S. standards. Take train from airport to the hotel shuttle. Take shuttle # 5 which drops off across street from hotel Very convenient and much less expensive than taxi. Check in/out efficient .

