room - We stayed in a Harbour-view deluxe room. Quite spacious for Hong Kong standard , probably about 400ft2 or so. The bathroom , in particular , was spacious with marble tiles and sinktop , separate bath/shower , nice powerful shower pressure. Bed was absolutely divine. Very clean room with no stains noticed on the soft carpet , even though some of the furnitures were probably quite old. Huge bay window that took up an entire outer wall ; there is a bit of a privacy issue in that you could look into the neighboring room from the side part of the bay window. But this is a non-issue if you keep that part covered up with curtain .

stayed at the Shangri La for 5 nights early February 09 on our way to Borneo. We had a deluxe harbour view room - 9th flr. As soon we arrived we went straight to bed and awoke later in the day , it was like the hotel knew when we would wake up , as a tray of jasmine tea magical appeared just after we woke - lovely .

this was the third time I stayed at this hotel in Kowloon. It 's always a joy since you check in you can feel the great service and attention to the details. Rooms are nice in size and also if a bit outdated still in great shape. No flat TV or latest hi tech but nice bathrobe and great bed. The location is excellent just off Nathan road with the subway few yards away .

we know Hong Kong pretty well , and keep returning here. The service is still impeccable , and the staff could not be more helpful and friendly. We arrived at 9 in the morning after a long flight , not expecting our room to be ready - but it was ! A good omen for the rest of our stay .

beautiful hotel on a perfect location but the staff is watching you at your hand for tip and it is all about money ... , I do n't like that way

there are fancier and more expenssive hotels but if your looking for great food , service and real Hong Kong charm , you should consider the Shangri-La Hotel in Kowloon .

the hotel was recommended by colleagues. It was lovely. The rooms were spacious , beds very comfortable rare in China where rock hard beds are the norm , restaurants lovely , and view fabulous. We had a harbor view , which I recommend. It 's fabulous at night with a laser light show from major buildings in Hong Kong nightly at 8 pm. We tried the Tapas Bar / Restaurant. Food was great. Although a little pricey , it was better than the local restaurants. The hotel is not as conventient as the YMCA Salisbury and Peninsula near the ferry. But , it 's an inexpensive cab ride to the ferry. There is a subway stop right by the door .

the Kowloon Shangri-La has a great location. The rooms were excellent , food very good and reasonably priced .

we stayed in this hotel for 5 nights , absolutely fantastic. We had a deluxe harbour view and it was awesome. I would not close the curtains at night because I just wanted to wake up and see the view. The bathroom was excellent , if you used the compliementary products once they were taken away and replaced .

excellent hotel very luxurious , close to all shopping , ferry outside hotel to business district , regluar busrides to stanley bay

my first time staying at the Shangri-La was so good , we booked at the Shangri-La for our return trip back through Hong Kong. A great value , the Shangri-La 's staff is amazing and service is fantastic. With our room not being ready , the staff gave us complementary food and drink at the hotel lobby lounge. The rooms are very business oriented , but great for leisure as well. The best feature of the hotel was definitely the service and friendly staff. Without exception , every experience with the hotel staff was great and helpfull

love this great city for its people , great shopping , great food,,and specially clothes made to order......LOVE IT ! ! ! ! ! !

we stayed in this hotel for our honeymoon and the hotel was perfect .

just returned from 3 day visit to SL Kowloon. Received upgrade at checkin and access to Horizon Club which was valued .

it seems that we have a troll among us docking points from all positive reviews about this hotel. Do n't let that put you off... this hotel is a solid choice , esp. if it 's your first time in HKG like it was for me .

we spent a long weekend in a Horizon Club room with a stunning view of Victoria Harbor .

i stayed at Kowloon Shangri-La on my birthday on 3rd JUNE 2009. On my Birthday they made me feel so delighted by bringing me a delicious Chocolate cake , Champagne &amp ; cookies , I was on a pleasure trip with my friends and the Hotel staff made me feel at home. This was regarding the hospitality

situated on the kowloon side - HKG side rooms offer great view but at a price. Overall , good food and great location. Staff is fluent in English and always ready to help. Coffee shop has one of the best spreads i 've seen

i booked a Horizon Harbour View Room. I think it was a good choice .

shangrila is a great hotel , centrally located with all amenities .

excellent locationon the busy Kowloon CBD area close to ferry terminals and the Tsim sa Tsui metro. The Kowloon train station is also a short ride away with very fast airport connections .

i stayed here last December , and apologise for just getting round to posting a review now. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. The service is excellent , the rooms well appointed and spotless , and the views over the harbour amazing. I stayed in a Horizon Club Harbor view room and was very impressed. I could not fault this hotel - one of the best I have stayed in anywhere. Not much else to say really ! You can book here with confidence .

like most 4 or 5 star hotels in Hong Kong the staff at the Shangri-La are incredibly helpful and ca n't do enough for you. I have been staying there twice a year for 5 years and have never had any issues or been disappointed with my choice. The decor is traditional but luxurious with all the expected amenities available in the room and throughout the hotel. The fitness centre and swimming pool are acceptable - not the very very best in the world - but very clean and great for relaxing after a long day at work .

having stayed at the Shangri-La in Singapore , my husband and I decided to give the Kowloon one a shot. We booked a Horizon Club Harbor view room and it was incredible. The offer we booked provided round trip airport transfers as well as unlimited laundry/dry cleaning services. Yes , we splurged , but yes , it was worth it !

kowloon side gets to view Hong Kong Island side , but the Shangri-la is a little &quot ; around the corner&quot ; so sees Causeway Bay rather than Central. The hotel is not tall , and the best view rooms are in the Horizon Club. We took the cheaper &quot ; city view&quot ; rooms which really just looked across the street to other low rise buildings .

stayed here for 2 nights in a Harbour King. Great room , Great service. Excellent bathroom. Comfy bed. No real complaints. Easy to get to everything and you can walk underground through the MRT stations and tunnels to many locations so you dont get sweaty ! Just ask the concierge and they will map it out for you. They do still allow smoking in one of the Bar 's but all the other dining outlets are smoke free. This hotel is an excellent choice for both work and play .

the Shangri La Hotel is conveniently situated for access to the major features in Hong Kong. It is an easy walk to the Nathan Road shopping area as well as being close to the harbour and the ferries to the Island and elsewhere .

although we traveled in April , I am finally getting around to posting about our China trip. Normally , we prefer to venture on our own , but for China we decided to take an organized tour. After a lot of research , we chose the Pacific Delight tour company- the 13 Day Golden Route Gold Experience Beijing , Shanghai , Xi â € ™ an , Guilin , and Hong Kong . We chose this company based on the small group size and the upgraded hotels. And what a fabulous time we had. The tour was great- there were only twelve people in our group and our guide was efficient and knowledgeable .

this is a beautiful , luxurious hotel , in a great location for tourists , near 2 subway stops and the promenade. The service is outstanding as well , although it was almost a little overwhelming to have staff members waiting in the lobby just to greet people or answer questions or open doors. The fruit and tea on arrival was a very nice touch .

we have just returned from almost a week stay at hongkong.We stayed at the Kowloon Shangri-La.The hotel is very well located being close to star ferry,Nathan road,the avenue of stars,etc .

stayed there for one night in November â € ™ 08 .

stayed at the shangri la for 5 days. It was perfect - the room was well equiped and the staff were charming and helpful. How they all knew our name was astonishing. Handy for the star ferry and kowloon shopping. We stayed in a Horizon harbour view room - well worth the extra - magnificent view over the harbour and a lovely lounge with coffee , soft drinks and nibbles all day with a happy 2 hours with complementary alcohol and hot snacks in the evening , plus a most excellent complimentary breakfast .

stayed here for a week during a business trip to HK , having stayed at the sister hotel on the island before I had a certain expectation of shangrila properties

we were in HK in October 2008 to attend a family wedding and stayed at the Kowloon Shangri-La primarily because of its proximity to the train station and the shopping malls of Tsim Sha Tsui .

we stayed at the Shangri La for a 2 night stopover on our way to Australia. The hotel was fabulous and we had booked , as a 10th wedding anniversary treat , a deluxe harbour view room which was just spectacular. The views of the bustling harbour below were out of this world and the room itself was very grand with nice toiletries and little touches that made our stay even more enjoyable. The afternoon tea served in our room was an added bonus. The hotel itself is centrally located for all the usual sight seeing spots and its easy access from the airport. Make sure you get the airport express train from the airport as its quick and cheap. Once you arrive at Kowloon station there is then a free hotel bus shuttle that takes you to the hotel. The staff were always pleasant and happy to assist with any requests and the restaurants in the hotel are also very good. The 2 nights we were there we ate at the Tapas Bar and Angelinis and these were excellent. If you fancy splashing out then head to the Peninsula Hotel and the Felix Bar on the top floor for the best views of the harbour at night and note that every night at 8pm there is a laser show on the waters front which again is impressive. All in all a lovely stay and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wishing to visit this vibrant city .

we stayed at the Shangri-la at the start of our honeymoon , from the moment we stepped in the door we had fantastic customer service. Fresh flowers and an upgraded room made our stay even better .

my sister and I stayed in this hotel in October and loved it ! Everything about this hotel is fabulous !

arrived at the Shangri-La Hotel in middle of typhoon which was quite an experience ! We received a very warm welcome and offered upgrade to harbour view room - we would definately say this was well worth paying the extra for. The room was amazing with a huge bed and lovely marble bathroom with best power shower we have ever experienced .

my new husband and I stayed here for 2 nights on the way to Australia on our honeymoon. My only regret as that we were not here for longer .

recently stayed in HK for 3 nights and had pleasure of staying @ Kowloon Shangra - La . Normally would not spend over $ 300 per night , but it was well worth the price . 9/18-21

we have just returned from a fantastic 10 day stay at this hotel on Kowloon 's TST East .

we were there during a typhoon which was a little dissappointing as we did n't get to see much of the city but we sure got to see a lot of the hotel. Location-wise it was not as far from the centre/shopping/ferry as I thought but it 's still far if you 're walking in the hot , humid conditions .

we stayed at the Shangri-La Kowloon for a 1 night stay in a Deluxe Harbour View room .

a delight. We spent six days here - we upgraded to harbour view rooms - they do not disappoint. Wonderful views and wonderful bathrooms. Great location - easy for Star Ferry and MTR. Buses direct to Stanley and Ocean Park. Sunday lunch buffet excellent .

i am not really happy at all to be giving out this low of a review to a hotel- especially when I am a Golden Circle Elite member- but I encountered almost problems EVERY day. Having stayed here last year and giving a 4/5 review , I was expecting slightly better a year later. But this was n't the case !

upon arrival at the airport we were greeted by the hotel staff and immediately brought to their hotel desk within the airport. We were on our way to the hotel within minutes. Arrived at our room to a warm pot of tea , a wide array of fruits and very clean , comfortable accomodations. The view of Victoria Harbour was beautiful. The bed and bedding were warm and comfy since we arrived during the winter months. The deluxe harbour view room offered every amenity needed to be comfortable ; plasma tv , good climate control , large bath area and closet space. The room was quiet and away from the elevator. The staff were some of the friendliest hotel employees I 've met in all my travels. They aim to please. We did not dine at any hotel restaurants so I can not comment. Traveling with my husband for a 5 day business trip I found myself in a safe city that offered plenty of shopping within blocks of the hotel. Lastly , the shops in the hotel are perfect for gifts in the event you do not get a chance to get out. I ca n't wait to return !

my husband and I visited Hong Kong for a baby moon the first weekend of June and our stay at the Kowloon Shangri-La was wonderful .

i came to Hong Kong on a shopping trip with my mum and we were absolutely thrilled we chose the Shangri-La Kowloon as our home throughout the stay. I highly recommend the club lounge , we upgraded at reception when we checked in and got a fantastic upgrade rate. The service was exceptional and staying on the club floor just made our stay feel really special. Top food &amp ; drink and amazing views of HK harbour. This hotel is in a fantastic position and the conceige desk great providing us with maps and recommending some fantastic restaurants to eat at. Overall i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that loves a little luxury .

stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on our way to Oz. Excellent service and very nice touches on arrival with fruit and tea complimentary. Very well located near to all main Kowloon poi 's. Would recommend this hotel

last three reviews of the KSL pretty much spot-on with what we think. We arrived by cruise ship and a cheap taxi got us there in only a few minutes. On the basis that we would n't be coming back this way very soon , and because experience has taught us that places have always changed when you DO come back , we 'd pulled the stops out and got a Horizon Club HC room on Floor 20/21. As soon as they realise you 're an HC guest , you 're whisked up to the 20th floor for processing altogether more civilised than the front desk downstairs , before being escorted to your room where they demonstrate all the goodies , electric curtains etc .

hi , I stayed in Kowloon Shangri-la for one night in Feb 2008. I also used the hotel 's conference facilities. It was my first time using the Shangri-la on Kowloon side though I have stayed at the Island Shangri-la a couple of times .

i stayed with my wife at the Shangri La Kowloon for seven nights at the end of March 2008. We booked our trip with Trailfinders who also took care of the flights We flew with BA World Traveller Plus--very good--we enjoyed the extra room in the seats--well worth considering for long haul We arrived at the hotel at 6.45pm and were met as we got out of the taxi by a member of the reception staff , taken straight to our room where a member of room service bought us some chinese tea. It was a good start which only got better. All of the staff were extreamly attentive and always gave superb service including the concierge very knowledgeable and the waiters. I know that the hotel is 5 stars but in all my years of travel I have never been made to feel more welcome at a hotel. The location is great for getting around Hong Kong--just a few minutes in a Taxi very cheap and you could be at any of the markets/shopping areas or you could walk or take the bus. Its only 10 minutes walk to the Star Ferry which takes you over to Hong Kong Island where you can visit the Peak plus some very swanky shopping streets. We had some suits made at Charms Tailors , just across the road from the hotel , great value and quality .

stayed two nights in a Harbour View Horizon Club room and the view would have been fantastic if it had n't been so foggy ! The hotel is not the newest anymore , but still maintains a very good standard of decor. The Club facilities are a little limited , although the breakfast selection was excellent the best corned beef hash and poached eggs I have had in a long while . The staff were friendly and professional , and the limo service was a good addition to make our arrival and departure smooth and problem-free. Ate at Shang Palace for a dim sum lunch one day and was impressed with the standard - and most of the fellow diners were locals which is always a good sign of course. If I were to stay Kowloon-side again I would definitely consider the Shangri-La once again .

excellent location , rooms large , clean , immaculate. Hotel staff friendly and very helpful , excellent value for money. The bathrooms though were somewhat inferior to those compared to the Shangri-La in Dehli and felt that they could be updated. They were however , very clean and had excellent supplies. Can also recommend Morton 's steak house located in Sheraton Hotel - excellent ! Diamond shopping is a must !

my holiday of a lifetime was just that thanks to the Horizon Club deluxe Harbour View Room at the Shangri-La. We booked the Mercedes transport and it really set the tone along with the hot tea waiting in our room. We arrived on Christmas Day and as we walked into the beautiful hotel foyer we saw Chinese children perfoming a beautiful nativity pageant , all in costume and a wonderful small girl conducting the choir ! We were taken up to the Horizon Club check in and were in our rooms in no time. All staff were absolutely wonderful. It is worth the extra to stay on the top floor as well as the most amazing harbour view , you have the additional facility of free drinks and hors d'hoevres from 6 to 8 pm which were superb. The breakfast was excellent with a choice of continental , cooked meals and fruit served with quality coffee...an excellent start to the day. The room was large with a wonderful wall sized window , electric curtain facility , fresh fruit and a wonderful marble bathroom with large shower &amp ; a flat screen TV ! King sized bed and turn dowm service. Even the mats in the lifts which displayed the day of the week were appreciated as one became befuddled as every sense was blasted by the hotel and Hong Kong 's many attractions , not least the jewellery shops ! This is one huge experience and whilst some have disparagingly said &quot ; On yes shoppers paradise&quot ; , we are not real shoppers and found the temples amazing..a trip to the Big Buddha on Lammas Island is well worth the trip though tey to catch the quicker , more modern boat for a shorter trip ; bus trips to Stanley market and the Peak are recommended as is an Octopus card for travelling as you often need the correct money. Try Mannings for having a beautiful suit made in a week about Â £ 135 and Prince Jewellery for quality goods and excellent service. I really really really recommend Kowloon Shangri-La .

loved the Kowloon Shangri-la , they could not be more helpful on our arrival , we caught the airport train to Kowloon Station and a taxi to the hotel , we were met at the door by a very delightful young lady and shown to reception , alas , there was no booking for us , although we had printed confirmation , not a problem , we were immediately shown to our room overlooking the harbour on Floor 18 , they confirmed next day with us that the problem had been with them .

i stayed here for three nights recently. I thought that it would be a nice change from the SL Island sister hotel . It was significantly cheaper , over USD 100 less USD 250 for the same size room. However , it was a cut below in terms of amenities. The TVs are CRT , instead of flat screen. Furnishings are not as nice , etc. Restaurants are decent but also inferior to the Island hotel. The exception is the wine bar , more for the atmosphere , which was vibrant. Service was excellent and I will revisit .

spent one night at the Shangri La Kowloon on my way back from the middle east. Great service and great location. Was put on the club floor which is nice as they offer dedicated check in , made to order breakfasts and drinks in the evening. Did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants as they had plenty of snacks and hot hor'deurves in the lounge .

highly recommend staying here. We would stay there again. Friendly , clean , helpful. We stayed for 4 nights over new year. Our room was spacious and as soon as we arrived in the room , some tea arrived too. Nice touch. Great Location to get around , underground just outside , and some many taxi 's everywhere .

we stayed at Kowloon Shangri-La for one night beginning of January 2008 on our way home from the Philippines. We had booked a rom with harbour view and must admit that it is quite a view ! Hotel is great but sadly we did no have much time to see all features. Service was excellent , quick and efficient ; all employee speaking fairly good english which you do not necessarily find everywhere in HK . The room was excellent , the bathroom magnificent and it included all what can be expected for such a hotel. My wife and daughter enjoyed the indoor swimming pool even if of relatively small size. We tried the japanese restaurant at dinner and it was delightful. The hotel location is very good and practical , especially if you do not have much time to spend. We are definitely recommending this hotel with a little remark that was already made by another reviewer about internet : the room charge is not overpriced if comparison is made with other hotels in that categoy but we believe it should include free internet access. After all , many cheaper hotels around the world anyhow provide free internet access. So , Shangri-La why not your turn ?

what a great hotel , situated on Kowloon waterfront. We arrived at the airport and got a bus directly to the hotel ask at bus desks . I would recommend a taxie as the return journay worked out cheaper. Our room was very large with a kingsize bed. The bathroom was beautiful and the whole room was so nice i did not want to leave. We had a view of both the shops &amp ; harbour which was beautiful due to the xmas lights . We frequently jumped on the star ferry connect to Hong Kong Island which was 10mins walk away and often ate in the many restaurant just 5 mins walk away from the hotel. This hotel is everything you would expect for a 5 star hotel .

hotels do not come any better than this. Fantastic harbour-view suite , amazing levels of service , wonderful ambience - better still than the Langham Place , which is saying something !

we were only in Hong Kong for one night so did n't use all the facilities of the Kowloon Shangri-la , but the service was fantastic .

this was our second stay here and it did not disappoint. We had a superb harbour view room , the view from the Kowloon side is so much more impressive.The room was lovely , everything you could want and the staff helpful and courteous. Breakfasts were great , a huge choice and all nicely presented .

for the price I paid , I should have paid a little extra and stayed @ the Island Shangri-La in Central. This hotel needs serious remodeling. Looks like a room from 10 years back. The engineer had to come up and fix the lock on my door 2 times in 2 days. Expensive internet. This is my 2nd time at the Kowloon Shangri- La and it 's going to be my last .

the best service I have ever experienced worldwide in a hotel. Everyone from the front desk staff to the people who cleaned rooms were friendly , attentive , and at your service. The hotel is beautiful. Do n't skip the breakfasts - they are amazing .

this Shangri La has all the infrastructure neccessary to make it a great hotel but none of the charm as we found on a five nght stay here .

my wife and I had just one night to spend in Hong Kong so we decided to splurge on what looked like a great location .

my wife and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights commencing 12th November .

i 'm sure this place is great if you are really spalshing the cash. however the standard room we had was particularly average and in need of updating. we were given single beds without requesting them and were told in no uncertain terms tat we could not be moved. lots of noise from next door too. a little lacking in style which is significant given the density of htels in HK. All in all , if this is your budget i wold lok elsewhere

the Kowloon Shangri-La has spacious rooms but with rather dated furnishings. The bathroom has great counter space , but the tub has a shower curtain that smelled of mildew instead of a glass enclosure. The beds are very comfortable. There is a bedside console that controls the lighting , the TV , the drapes and some of the A/C , but it is difficult to use especially in low light. The A/C is split between the console which controls the fan speed and a thermostat on the wall that may or may not control the temperature. Both sets of drapes are controlled from the console .

we stayed at the Kowloon Shangri La as part of our honeymoon in a deluxe harbour view room. Sorry this review comes a little late , but I have only just joined !

we were collected from the airport and whisked to the hotel. We had booked a deluxe harbour view room and were n't disappointed with a view from the 18th floor !

we stayed for 2 nights in the Shangri-La Kowloon &amp ; booked a standard double room , on arrival we decided to upgrade to a deluxe harbour view. It was expensive for the upgrade but it was well worth it. The views are amazing &amp ; the room is spacious &amp ; airy. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept it. The bathroom was marble , with a hugh walk in shower &amp ; deep bath .

first off , these days this hotel is pretty expensive. But once you get over what you paid , you can enjoy the good things about the hotel. The service is amazing - from never opening a door on your own , to constant taxis at your disposal , to great staff who will help with your every whim .

fourth visit to Hong Kong and first time at this hotel. We were not disappointed .

my stay was great , staff is very attentive. Quality and variety of restaurants is great specially with Cafe Kool and the Tapas Restaurant .

myself and my husband stayed at the Shangri La Kowloon for 6 nights at the end of our month long tour of the Far East and Australia in November 07 .

the hotel needs some investment. Room was pretty big but nothing really luxury .

me and my boyfriend are in our twenties and we stayed in Kowloon Shangri-La from May 1 to May 5. So yes , exactly coincides with the &quot ; golden week&quot ; of China. Despite the heavy volume the hotel is expecting , we had excellent service. The staff was very helpful and courteous , even if we looked just a split second lost in the lobby deciding on what to do next , a staff would come up and ask if we needed anything. From the doorman to the floor manager. They really take hotel management to a new level. After a long day out sightseeing and shopping , we find a cute wicker basket with a teapot of hot Chinese tea and two cups. These are the little things that really makes our stay special. They treat you like their top priority. It 's a warm feeling that you do n't get at other hotels... and oh their lobby is much more beautiful than the renowned Pennisula hotel. I do n't dare to stay at other places again cuz we had such a great time .

what can I say ? What a place !

hotel is amazing , would definitely recommend upgrading to a deluxe harbour view room as the view is out of this world ! It is in a great location so it 's easy to get around and see the sights. Only down fall is the cost of the bars , restaurants and the mini bar. There are lots of bars and restaurants within walking distance of the hotel though .

fantastic service and food ! Nice location on the harbor too. If you prefer modern design I 'd opt for the Renaissance or the Intercontinental but otherwise , this hotel is one of the best I 've stayed in Penninsula Bangkok is my # 1 fave ,

nice hotel on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong I typically prefer Hong Kong Island side as its closer to my favorite shopping areas and cool neighborhoods like SoHo .

we stayed in this hotel on our China tour and it was fabulous. We loved the unusual design of the room -- a sliding arced wood panel with mirrored square insets that gave access to both the closet and the minibar. A mirrored wall in the entry and what a luxurious bathroom ! What a comfortable bed ! The only disappointment was no flat-screen TV , but who cared ? Not us. We were in easy chairs , sipping green tea , peering out our floor-to-ceiling bay window at Victoria Harbor day and night. Service was impeccable , which means instant. We never really got the hang of logistics at the hotel because it was too easy to just pick up the phone : &quot ; Ice , please.&quot ; Not only did ice arrive but shortly afterward someone called to ensure that we 'd been iced. Security was so great that if you forgot your room key you could n't tell the elevator to go to your floor. Nice. The restaurants and food were 5-star , like the hotel. The lobby could have won an interior decoration award. If you get a chance to stay here , do n't miss it .

my family and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights mid-April in Superior , River side rooms on our way back from Australia to London. Everything about this hotel was excellent. The rooms , the position , the food , the gym. Absolutely nothing to complain about .

we stayed at the Kowloon Shangri-la for 3 nights en-route to Thailand in a delux harbour view room , which was really worth the extra - the view from the floor to ceiling window is fantastic. We found the room to be modern , very spacious and very comfortable indeed not as some have said 'tired ' the bath was a good size , very deep and there was a large walk in shower. The mini bar was well stocked and the laundry service also was excellent .

we went to the Kowloon Shangri La for five nights over easter and had the most fantastic time. We booked a Horizon Club room , which had the most amazing views to Hong Kong Island. It also gave us free access to the Horizon Club which was brilliant after a long day sight seeing. The hotel is very luxurious , the rooms very big and had electric curtains , so that you could just press a switch and have the most incredible view .

i stayed at the Shangrila Kowloon with my parents and partner at the end of April 2006. The hotel has fantastic views of the Hong Kong Harbour from its Harbour view rooms and I have to say it is a lasting memory of my whole far east trip ; just lying in bed or lazing in an easy chair watching the liners and junks go past on the sea was superb .

we stayed at Shangri La Kowloon from 22 - 25 Dec. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel very special. We booked the limo transfer from the airport - think it cost approx Â £ 40. Whisked straight to our room , we actually did check in the room. Chinese tea waiting for us and a bottle of red wine. Service through out our stay was exceptional. We stayed in the Deluxe harbour view room and the views were amazing , full floor to ceiling glass gives you the best possible view. The hotel is in a good location - only a short walk from the shopping area of Nathan Road and a short walk from the Star Ferry to HK Island. We ate at the Shang restaurant one night and had an enjoyable meal. On Xmas day the hotel did a buffet and the choice and quality of food was excellent much better than the dinner we had at Felix restaurant in the Penisula the night before and half the price .

we love the Kowloon Shangri-La. We 've stayed in quite a number of hotels in Hong Kong - including the Island Shangri-la - but just keep coming back to the Kowloon Shangri-la .

we have just come back from a 12 night stay at the Shangri La. It met my high expectations of a luxury Shangri La hotel. We had a free upgrade to a harbour view room which had fantastic views. The room itself was large , very comfortable and immaculate. The hotel is well situated only yards away from the station and harbourfront. The only slight drawback was that our room had a connecting door to the room next door. After our first day we queried whether we could change rooms , but there were no n/s harbour view rooms available though they did offer us a change when a room became available but we did not find the connecting door to be a problem after the first day. If I returned to Hong Kong I would stay at the same hotel in a harbour view room but would only accept a room without the connecting door .

we stayed at the Kowloon Shangri-La for 4 nights as the first part of our honeymoon. We had never stayed in a Shangri-La before but were recommended to stay in this particular hotel because of Shangri-La 's reputation and the hotel 's location -- particularly for its views. Our travel agent had booked us for a special honeymoon package , where we could have been upgraded to a deluxe Harbour-view room if available , but we opted to pay for a guaranteed view room. This is definitely worth it in my opinion , as I do think there are better hotels in Hong Kong. The hotel is really beautiful and decorated in great taste , however our room had an extremely strong damp , musty smell which was a bit disconcerning. We were brought Chinese tea on arrival as a welcome , and fresh fruit and a bottle of house wine for our honeymoon. This was also greatly appreciated. Service was fine -- as one would expect from a typical 5-star. We ate one night at Shang Palace , which was very good as well .

i booked this hotel because of the excellent tripadvisor reviews , and it was a standard effiicient hotel- good sized rooms and nice breakfast. The tea on arrival was a nice gesture after that no extras , just normal hotel service. The pool as mentioned was tiny and indoor and definitely not a pool to linger in. The carpet was stained. Last time in HK I stayed in Park Lane in Causeway Bay , a much cheaper option. I had hoped this hotel would be a treat to start off our holiday but it was little better than Park Lane. I spent slightly less than 2,000 USD on a weekend in this hotel for 3 of us. The single room had a view of surrounding shops , and the double a side view of the harbour. I did not feel that I had value for money and will not return to this hotel .

stayed in Kowloon Shangri-La for one night before leaving to Bangkok , and , what should I say , the usual high Shangri-La standard. it is not so spectacular like Island Shangri-La , but still , you have nothing to blame. Check-In and service were perfect , the rooms great , concierge very helpful. Great !

this has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at ! This was the first destination on my honeymoon - and what a start it was. The service was impeccable from stepping out of the car until we left. Nothing was too much. We were upgraded to a deluxe harbour view room - well worth it ! The view was unbelievable. As we were on honeymoon , we had something bought to our room every day - champagne on arrival Moet ! ! , chocolate cake , fresh fruit every day , traditional chinese tea...... thie list was endless. The food was fantastic. Well worth the stay - ideal location - easy to get to Hong Kong Island , but also on Nathan Road - main shopping area ! ! ! I would recommend this hotel to everyone .

the Horizon Club Rooms ie executive floor rooms of Shangri-La Group in the Kowloon Shangri-La were recently advertised as newly renovated and refurbish , and being quite confident of Shangr-la 's standard , and having stayed in their standard room before , I decided to try. So I booked a Horizon Harbour View Club Room which include Horizon Lounge access. I soon come to seriously regret this .

on arrival at hongkong airport we were great and taken to our private transfer car which was out of this world. on arrival at the hotel we were greated by a concierge and taken directly to reception to check in where we were greated by the customer relations girl and presented with a posy of flowers and given an up grade in room for our honeymoon. the room was lovely and spacious and the bathroom was just as big as the bedroom almost , the view when we opened the curtains was to die for the harbour was there infront of us in all its splendor. kowloon was a lovely city and the short walk from the hotel to the star ferry was great. the staff at the hotel where excellant and helped you with anything. would most deffinatley return some day .

i could'nt fault this hotel ! ! I stayed in a deluxe harbour view room , horizon club level. The view was fantastic ! ! As I was there over national day celebrations , there was a spectacular fireworks display over the harbour for three nights of my stay , which I could view from the comfort of my room rather than face the throngs of people ! ! The rooms are spaceous and well fitted , with a fantastic bathroom , complete with plasma TV ! ! Although I did find the beds a little hard for my taste. The staff can not be faulted , always welcoming and friendly. I had booked an airport transfer as my flight arrived a late , and being able to step off a plane , be welcomed after customs and wisked to a limosine , was well worth the price. If you can afford it , I would recommend horizon level , the included buffet breakfast , which was a delight , drinks throughout the day and evening cocktails and canapes , in my opinon , make up for the extra cost , and the level of service can not be beaten. This is a fabulous choice of hotel on Hong Kong , I found the Kowloon side more appealing for tourists , and the hotel is a 5 minute walk along the harbour to the ferry to central , and across the road from a MTR station. Also , the food , room service and restaurants , was of outstanding quality and reasonably priced ! ! If you 're still searching for a hotel in Hong Kong....look no further ! !

we booked a three night stay in a Harbour View Deluxe room ; but upgraded at check in to a View Suite. A pleasant surprise ! We have stayed at this hotel several times ; and are always pleased. The staff make this hotel a great one .

stayed here on a short trip to hong kong. I only stayed one night as we split the trip between 2 hotels. Other was Langham Place .

i stayed twice in September and have stayed here before. The service is outstanding. The rooms are large and have every comfort. The new bathrooms are excellent. Attention to detail is there. After buzzing around Hong Kong or coming back in from Shenzhen this place is a haven. Try the buffet in the evening. the variety and quality is outstanding. The Chinese Restaurant is also good. It is worth every penny .

great location , within walking distance of most Kowloon attractions , shopping and harbour. Previous reports suggest this hotel is too far away from the golden mile. What 's a 10 minute walk when you have a superb view of the harbour. The rooms were clean , the staff attentive and the breakfast excellent great variety . With 4 or 5 bars/restaurants just around the corner the Shangri La is in an ideal location when staying in Hong Kong. It is not a problem to get to Hong Kong island by either MTR of a enjoyable promenade stroll to the Star Ferry .

we stayed here for 4 days on the final leg of our honeymoon. We were collected from the airport in a brand new Merc S class with very personalised service from the Limo desk all the way to the hotel. We pulled up on the forecourt and were met by an entourage of people all congratulating us on our marriage and my wife was presented with a bouquet of roses - a nice touch. We were guided straight to our room and were checked in there - on the 8th floor with a fantastic view of the Harbour. The room was great and the bathroom matched with all light marble - very neat designs. The service from all at the hotel is great. You only have to look in the direction of a memebr os staff and they come dashing over to assist you. As I am a bit younger than the majority of guests in the hotel I was initially slightly concerned at the way people may treat me - as I was on honeymoon and not suited and booted as a high flying exec/business man - but this could not have been further from the truth .

there are a lot of positive reviews about this hotel , and I am happy to endorse what has already been written. This is a very good hotel with excellent sized rooms for any city centre , let alone Hong Kong. In particular I want to praise the staff , I only had to look at at staff member to get their attention and a positive response. Harbour view rooms are a must .

i can only agree with all the very good reports on this hotel .

we recently stayed for a 4 night stay in 14th floor harbour view deluxe rooms.....welcomed after a 14 hour flight by politeness , efficiency , fresh fruit and pots of chinese tea ! Lovely. Staff went out of their way to make everything special and no request was ever done grudgingly........other hotels please note ! On my sons 18th birthday got a call from reception enquiring was it Ok for the staff to bring him up a birthday cake............well they did and I am sure other hotels could manage that but the obvious sincerety which went into this gesture was very touching. The fact that 3 gorgeous girls gave him a kiss on his birthday may have helped him forget about being 8,000 miles from home. The lunch and dinner buffets at the hotel are truly superlative in choice abd quality. on our way home we cancelled our 4 night stay in Hotel Intercontinental Hk viewed the rooms and they were very small compares with Kowloon Shangri-La and had another 4 nights in Shangri-La. Best hotel we 've ever stayed at and this takes into account NYC , LA , Europe and many others

we stayed here on the first leg of our Honeymoon and although I was worried that it might be a bit stuffy and more of a businessman 's hotel I was taken aback by just how perfect it was .

we recently stayed at the Kowloon Shangri La for several nights during a vacation in Hong Kong. After reading of how small the rooms in most Hong Kong hotels tend to be , we chose this hotel partly for the reviews we read of the room sizes , in addition to amenities. Our experience here was terrific- huge room with an awesome harbor view ; great king size bed , excellent bathroom. We were on the &quot ; Horizon Club&quot ; which was an upper floor and it included the most amazing breakfast spread that motivated us to pop out of bed each morning to start the day. The service we received was excellent , with friendly , helpful , and attentive staff that we actually got to know as the week progressed .

we stayed for 4 nights at the Shangri La Kowloon with a harbour view , and we were not disappointed. This hotel is something else and is top notch 5 stars - the service is wonderful and the rooms are huge. We spoke to quite a few folks in other hotels and they all said that their rooms were tiny. Not the case here .

my wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights en route to mainland China to adopt our baby girl. We had such a great time here , everything was so clean , and the afternoon tea is wonderfful , listening to either a pianist or Harp player .

wow , what a hotel .

i got my hotel room at a discounted rate on the internet. I was still paying more than $ 250 a night. When I arrived at the hotel I was treated as if I had been given the room for free. When I asked for a room with a view I was told that since I have &quot ; such a discounted rate&quot ; I wo n't be given one. Instead I was placed in a room on the lowest floor facing an office building , with their windows being separated from my window by no more than 6 feet. I had to keep the blinds closed night and day to avoid people peeking into my room. The room was pretty nice , although it was not clean. One of the bath robes had coffee all over it and smelled like sweat. I am pretty convinced that it has n't been washed after the previous guest. I am pretty sure that I will never be staying at Shangri-La Kowloon again as they made my trip singnigicantly less enjoyable .

i normally stay at the Mandarin Oriental when I visit Hong Kong but because the Mandarin is currently under renovation my company booked me into the Kowloon Shangri-La. Well , what a great experience ! I never thought the Mandarin Oriental could be beaten but I can honestly say that the Shangri-La did just that .

i stayed for four nights in April and was very pleased with this hotel. I have stayed in many Hong Kong hotels and never had such a large room. The rooms are very comfortable and luxurious , as well as the marble bathrooms. Excellent shower

my wife and I stayed here for several nights at the end of March 2006. The hotel staff is very friendly and the welcome tea set in the room was a nice touch and very comforting after such a long trip. We had a City View room on the 12th floor. The room was very quiet and reasonably updated. Of course , the hotel is on the Kowloon side of the harbor , so it 's a bit removed from all of the attractions in Central Hong Kong. Still , the MTR station is not very far away it 's two stops to Central Station and it 's a nice stroll along the water to the Star Ferry terminal which will take you across to Central .

great Hotel , and a good location. I went round and round trying to find the right place , the island , koowloon , this hotel that hotel etc etc. this was a great hotel in a good location , if you can , try to get an horizon club room , this includes breakfast and two hours of cocktails from 5-7pm. also the horizon club is on the top two floors so if you have a harbour veiw its very nice we were on honeymoon so the upgraded to a harbour veiw but i had paid for a city veiw....so that was nice. you wont go wrong with this hotel or the location. a good solid 5 star hotel

we stayed at the Shangri La for 3 weeks , over the Chinese New year. Were picked up in hotel car , greeted at arrival and check in was speedy. Hotel as lovely as the pics on net .

we stayed at the Kowloon Shangri-La as Island was fully booked. We are a recent convert to the whole Shangri-La experience having thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Island back in March 2005. As we now have Shangri-la membership we thought we would stick with the group. Although Kowloon was not our first choice , we negotiated a very good deal with a City View room on the Horizons floor .

we stayed at the Shangri-la Kowloon for three nights end of October on our way to Bali and can honestly say it delivered all that we had hoped it would. We stayed in a Deluxe Harbour View room and the view took our breath away. The ceiling to floor window gave us the most wonderful view of the harbour and we , like other reviewers , sat with a glass of champagne and looked in awe across at the lights of Hong Kong. The room itself was fabulous with the most enormous bed we had ever seen and the bathroom had everything needed for our stay. The staff were professional and welcoming and the hotel although very grand made us feel right at home. We enjoyed a great Halloween night in the Tapas Bar where all the staff had dressed up to really get in the mood ! The hotel was also situated within walking distance of the main shopping areas of Kowloon and not far from the Star Ferry terminal for trips to Hong Kong island and the peak etc. Well done Shangri-la !

just stayed at the Kowloon Shangri-La for 3 nights. Loved it. The room we booked was a city view but she upgraded us to a deluxe side view harbour which - although it had been a smoking room - they freshened up and was well worth it. The food at the Shangri-La is pretty good as well. We ate in the Lobby a few times and , on our first night , ate at the Chinese restaurant downstairs. The service was really good as were the appointments of the rooms. We also stayed at the Pen , and although that is a more luxurious hotel , the Kowloon shangri-la is not far behind. I think the Shang has better harbour views though as they are completely unobstructed. It also has a great location .

every aspect of my stay was excellent at this hotel. Normally I wouldnt choose the Shangrila but opt of another brand , but I can confidently say this establishment is going to the top of my prefered list for Hong Kong .

we stayed in this hotel for 3 night before heading to Bali. We have stayed in some very lovely 5 Star hotels , but none as nice as this. We booked a harbour view room , and the views really were fantastic. I stayed awake just watching. It was our anniversary and we were given a 1/2 bottle of Moet , which was great ! !

this hotel is the best we 've been in. From start to finish the staff were excellent and were genuinely pleased to help you in anyway they could. We were only there 3 days August 2005 but they remembered our name within no time at all and at breakfast remembered our preferences .

fantastic hotel. from the moment we arrived to the moment we left we felt that we were valued guests. Rooms very comfortable and an excellent choice of restaurants. Good location for visting both Kowloon and Hong Kong Island .

we stayed in the superior city view room. Good sized room with good standard of furniture. However the view was of a road with a footbridge across !

i travelled to hongkong on a business trip and the Island shangrila was full therefore i had to opt for the kowloon shangrila. I was a little skeptical to say the least. The service was almost as good as Island shangrila. I will be staying there again this september........did my bookings a few months ago

nice Hotel .

stayed in the Kowloon Shangri La on the first part of our Honeymoon , The service was superb , the room was upgraded due to the fact that we where on honeymoon , but we had a harbour view on the 19th Floor. Floor to ceiling window with the view of of Hongkong Island skline , we fell asleep to the view each night. It was stunning and the high point of our trip .

