the location is the biggest advantage of Kowloon Hotel. Its on main happening Nathan Road , just opposite famous Chunking Mansion and directly connected to Underground. As I was here for the fair , the free shuttle coach of fair just comes around the corner , very convenient .

we stayed 8 nights at The Kowloon Hotel , in one of their Executive Suites. This turned out to be two adjoining rooms with the door between opened - one room used as a bedroom with king-size bed and the other room as a lounge/sitting-room with a fold-out sofa. Thus , we had two toilets , two in-room safes etc. Initially they put us on a smoking floor , but when we requested a move , they were extremely accommodating , even to replacing the double bed in the second room with a king-sized bed for us. The location is perfect , and the buffet restaurant must be one of the best in HK - at least judging by all the locals who seemed to eat there - whole families. The bedrooms could be a bit squeezy for two people with suitcases etc , but the hotel does represent real value for money .

very swanky lobby. Rooms were on the small side although that is quite common in HK . Nice bar and restaurant. Close to all that 's happening in the city !

have stayed many times in this hotel as have my staff. Over 10 vsiits a year. While the rooms are small they are generally very clean. The cleaniness of the dining area on the second floor is slipping and they need to watch this point. The table was dirty and when asked for it to be wiped was meet with shrug by the waiter. I spoke to the supervisor who went over to the staff and they both laughed it off. I 'm looking for another hotel for myself and staff in future .

the positive : This hotel is right behind the Peninsula hotel and on Nathan Road/MTR. Within seconds you too can be dodging the suit touts/watch touts/handbag touts .

i 'd agree with the other reviewers that this hotel offers excellent value for its location. Easy access to everything touristy , good transport and good service. Rooms are small but very clean , food is fine but there are many great restaurants within walking distance .

this was a great hotel to stay in .

overall okay if you are used to sleeping in a closet. Rooms are tiny , old , and sufficient for only one person maximum. The staff is overly helpful to the point of annoyance and they always seem to try and nickel and dime the guests. We visited the Harbor Club with a friend and they charged us $ 7.10 USD for a coke when I did not have anything we get free drinks . This is the second time we stayed here and will be the last for sure. After spending thousands of dollars here they will not get any more after I realized their policies .

first of all the rooms are fairly small but they are VERY clean and well looked after by the housekeeping staff .

i picked this hotel as part of a flight + hotel package. I liked the hotel 's location the most because it is sited in central kowloon. everything is within walking distance , the ferry , shopping malls , street shops , convenient stores , transportation MTR .

on arrival we upgraded to the Club with this your breakfast is included , cocktails from 6 - 8pm with nibbles , can use the business centre for internet , and higher floor .

my fifith visit to Hong Kong and i have stayed four times at this hotel. first this hotel has a handy location near MTR on Tsim sha Tsui.my room was on 15th floor and was lucky to have a view of a harbour. The rooms are small as every hotel in kowloon has but everything in the room are top , a good king size bed tv ,mini bar and inroom dining .

visually hotel seems to be stuck in 1983. Found the rooms very small for two. However great location near the ferry , metro and shopping areas .

we chose this hotel because of the location. Looking at the map , it is situated right beside one of the MTR exits - L4 to be exact. Thing is , it is a veeeery long walk to the train once you went below. I mean , the exit 's right there , yes , but the actual train is a very long walk. When you 're already tired from a day 's walk and you want to go back to your hotel , this can be frustrating .

location is certainly great...especially for shopping and dining. Very close to promenade that opens a breathtaking view on a Hong Kong island .

i must say when i started reading reviews about this hotel i was a little apprehensive. They all spoke about small room sizes and tacky decor. They almost put me off booking it altogether but they did n't , and now i 'm glad i went with my gut feeling .

i got a fairly good rate for this hotel so I was n't expecting much .

if your looking for a safe and trustworthy hotel to stay , Kowloon Hotel would not be the best choice. My girlfriend and I stayed in the hotel for 3days and 2nights. We were there for a weekend away hoping to enjoy ourselves only to find out when we were leaving that a large sum of money was missing my bag. The hotel was informed immediately and sure enough they came 10mins later. Instead of the manager investigating his staff he would keep repeating that nobody entered the room. I felt at the end being the criminal and not the victim. They were not very helpful at all and could not wait just to push on for us to leave. Please advise and warn those who you know not to stay in this hotel .

it was with trepidation having read some less than favorable reviews post booking about this hotel that we set off on our &quot ; trip of a lifetime&quot ; to Hong Kong .

we have stayed at this hotel on two previous occasions but never again .

i know there 's no such thing as perfection but everything worked out perfectly on my brief visit in Hongkong. The gods must have been smiling on me that time. For a solo traveler , this hotel was the precise fit - room size , location , transportation , food , and fun wink ! Even the trip to the airport on my departure day was a pleasant surprise. When the taxi driver suggested that he drive me to the airport for much less than the going rate , I said that since I was going home to the U.S. , I had only $ HKG100 left in my wallet. He then said that I could just pay him that amount and I thought he was bluffing. It turned out he was n't. And by the way , the Singapore Airlines flight attendants in their charming Sarong Kebaya are billeted in this hotel. My only regret was I should have taken some photos with them. : LOL

stay : 2 nights in Kowloon Hotel in June 2009 = = = Location : located in Kowloon , on Nathan road , right next Tsim Sha Tsui station and behind the Peninsula Hotel. Location is great. Room : upgraded room on floor 10. the room is so tiny that the TV is put on the desk , no place available suit cases. We stayed here on route to mainland China and wanted to get a taste of Hong Kong - For shopping we found selection good but prices nothing to write home about. We stayed at Novotel CItygate on the outbound side and found it much more comfortable and only a few dollars more .

the kowloon hotel is strategically in the heart of shopping city hongkong. Acess to the railway is right outside the hotel , buses , exchange currency all in and around the block. the most sort after Ocean Centre with all major brands like Marks and Spencers , Toys R Us is just few minutes away. the big HMV store is a block away. the ChunKee stationery well known for its stationery is on the back of the hotel .

the central location of the hotel really helps you to see a lot of HK. Hotel is above the subway stations , near the ferry terminal. Although the rooms are small , they are well designed and has ample closet , desk working area. The Swine Flu was in full force when I was here and the hotel took precautions by continuosly sanitizing elevator controls , provided guests information on prevention and even a face mask which I didnt use... .

nice Hotel , Location is Great , All places are nearby.. Shopping , MTR , Nightlife , Great Place

= = = Stay : 3 nights in Kowloon Hotel in May 2009

stay for a week , 12th floor with street view and view of back of the Penisula Hotel ? . The room was clean and quiet. Was not planning to stay in the room much , just sleep and shower mostly , so did not need a big room. The space between the end of the bed and the wall was about of a normal doorway length , so about 30&quot ; , so only one person can walk by the beds towards the desk. The MTR entrance was just to the left of the front entrance and a Starbucks to the right of the entrance , at the end of a short street. We try the dimsum on the 2nd floor. The food was above average. There was a 20 % discount at their 3 restaurants for hotel guests while we were there. One final comment about the room , they did not put an extra roll of toilet paper in the bathroom , so ask for one if you are at least half way thru the one in the room .

our first impression of this Hotel was that the location was absolutely terrific. It is located five minutes walk from the waterfront , the subway is outside the entrance and you are surrounded by shops and malls. The entrance to the Hotel is stunning , the staff friendly and efficient. However , from there , we were somewhat disappointed. We paid NZ $ 274 per night for three nights and we had a Deluxe Room on the eighth floor with no harbour views . However , the room was very small , we could only just fit one suitcase on the floor with the other in the wardrobe and be able to walk around the bed. The bed was only a double and the room was very tired ! It could really do with a revamp. As well as that , the first thing that hit me when we entered the room , and each time after that , was an awful musty smell. Also , the drapes were hanging off their rings although that was fixed the next day .

we have today returned from 5 days revisiting Hong Kong and The Kowloon Hotel. Some things for both remain the same , however , Hong Kong is &quot ; on the move&quot ; with lots of new subway 's and developments being built. The Kowloon Hotel is still the same great location easily accessing the MTR and Star Ferry. We arrived by ship last Friday and easily walked with our cases to the Hotel from the Cruise Terminal. On arrival we were greeted by name Harbour Club Floor and had all the features of our package and the hotel explained to us. The professional , warm and polite staff took care of all our needs &amp ; queries promptly and sometimes without us even asking for help , they pre-empted our requirements. We enjoyed the view of the Harbour monsoon over the past few days , the Breakfast is truly a sight to see - caters to all , had a delicious Yum Cha at the Loong Yat Heen with Silver Service very reasonably priced , even on wet days the Hostess at The Window Cafe took time and trouble to suggest places to go and things to do. The tour desk was always busy with happy travellers coming and going. Yes the rooms are small , however , we had a wonderfully comfortable King size Bed which I thoroughly welcomed each night after walking many miles either shopping or sight-seeing. We had considered other Hotels , however , The Kowloon offers the traveller an easily located haven where you will be warmly welcomed .

we stayed here for three nights. It was quite a classy place and for us the location was good. When we arrived we immediately opted to join a tour of the city which was a great way to look around with ease. We also arranged a day tour into China which was certainly different. The highlight of this was a theme park of China 's famous sights which I thought would be tacky , but it was interesting. Dinner was part of the tour , followed by a fantastic show - it made the opening we went to of The Lion King at Disneyland a few years back look tame !

great location , very clean , helpful staff and very polite. Upgraded our room and enjoyed all the extras , our room had a fantastic view , we were on the 17th floor in room 1730. Food was fantastic. Great shopping. We found Hong Kong to be very clean and the people very friendly. Will deffinately go back .

well we just went to HK for a quick shopping trip but one thing please remember while this hotel is quite convienent with a metro station connection from the lobby the rooms are small as in REAL SMALL !

great location opposite the peninsular and around the corner from nathan road. I booked a deluxe double. The room was compact but well designed with everything I needed for my stay. Clean and comfortable but would be a bit of a sqeeze if more than one person and lots of luggage. Breakfast buffet is excellent. I used gym acorss the road at YMCA voucher from hotel very good gym and very convenient. Overall , this was a good value hotel in a very good location. I am used to 5 * hotels on business but I would definitely use this one again .

the hotel is behind the iconic Penisula and is probably the best spot to be in kowloon , right next to the harbour to watch the nightly light show and next to a metro station so very handy to get around. Get an Octopus Card , excellent value for travel and you can also use it on the near vertical railway to get upto the top of the island and marvel at the view. The hotel service was Ok , reception was oftern very busy and it looked like a lot of tour groups probably use the hotel. We paid our mini bar bill when we checked out but got a bill at home for an extra bottle of water I am pretty sure we had already paid for. The letter was the politest thing I think I have ever read though ! ! The location is the big plus of this place. The rooms whilst spotlessly clean were v.v. small. There was just room to walk around the bed. The bed was comfy and also very big given the size of the room , small TV but not important as we did n't spend much time watching it. There was virtually no wardrobe space and we struggled to not keep falling over one of our bags which we just had to leave on the floor at the foot of the bed. I stayed in a better hotel on the way back and although the location on the face of it was n't as good it actually did n't make any difference as the metro was so good .

internet connexion is over payed .

the hotel room was tiny and you could hardly move ! The bathroom was also too small. Very dated interior and was being renovated when we were there. We were in Hong Kong for a shopping holiday and luckily did n't spend much time in the room. We did n't go with high expectations luckily. The location and breakfasts were the only good things about the hotel , as we were close to all of the main shopping areas , and the breakfast offered a large selection of foods. The staff were n't friendly and we are definately not staying there again !

i first stayed here in 2001 and loved the hotel and it 's location so much the first time I came back in 2009 : I had expected wear and tear and perhaps a dated place , but it was better than I even remembered it !

i am a regular traveller to Hong Kong for business , at least twice each year , so I know and like the city very much. I visited this time for pure vacation with my wife and 3 other couples. One couple had never been out of their home country so I recomended HK as the perfect place to start their world journey .

if you want to stay in Tsim Shai Tsui , this will be the best hotel to stay in. It 's convenient to get to the MTR with the hotel basement connected to the station. There are a lot of shopping within walking distance from the hotel. It 's only a 10 to 15mins walk to Star Ferry Terminal where you can take a cheap ride to Hong Kong Island. You do n't need to eat in the hotel as there are many cafes and restaurants around the hotel. Although the room is pretty small , most rooms are small in Hong Kong anyway. Great Choice. Thumbs up !

we stayed at the Kowloon Hotel from the 28th to the 29th of January. We were upgraded to the Deluxe room at check in and it was a very nice comfortable cozy room with a small flat screen TV. Were pleasantly surprised with two Hindi Channels on the TV but there was no CNBC or Bloomberg TV .

i do n't know why this hotel still in business ! Heck the rooms are so tiny and you do n't have space between twin beds and if you got a big luggage like me and my sister you will likely to have problems moving around the room .

we booked the hotel via Qantas Travel .

the Kowloon is past it 's use by date and needs a total refurbishment. It has traded on its location for too long and is not up to international standard .

the first thought you have when entering the hotel lobby is &quot ; Will they let me in without a tuxedo ? ? &quot ; . The lobby is very nice and very promising that the hotel will deliver the best stay of your life at a hotel. Unfortunately , the lobby is about the most space you will see until the next time you leave your room. The rooms are TINY .

when we arrived at the front of the hotel we thought wow.We walked to reception to check in , then one of the friendly staff started telling us about an upgrade special for the two nights to a bigger room with harbour views,buffet breakfast,free cocktails from 6pm to 8pm,after hearing all this we asked the price several times and we kept getting told the same price about $ 105 total in Australian dollars for 2 nights we said ok.As we still had 2hours to check in we went for a walk the came back.We went to the our room which was so tiny and they called this an upgrade hate to see normal room plus it absolutely stunk of cigaretes smell.We rang reception and told them about the smell and they said they would change our room.After 30min we went to our new room,it did'nt smell but was still tiny and the so called harbour views were a joke.When we went to check out we got a bill for double the price we were told at the start,i explained that we were told different and that we had only saved enough money to pay for the upgrade he told us no you have to pay , i refuse to pay the full amount they said and told them i 'm only paying what we were told,after being there for a while they said ok but sighn this rebate form , i said fill it out first because i do n't know what you are writing on it that 's how this problem started we signed at the start then they changed the total price.In all i payed what i was told but our bad experience upon arrival and deperture in such a short stay i will never forget and will tell my travel agent not to recomend to anyone.The only good thing was central location but the money we paid i 'm sure you can get a hotel with a pool abd gym at least .

location of the hotel was good , but rooms were small .

although you sit behind the luxury Peninsula Hotel - This property has an excellent value , location and the best Breakfast in Hong Kong. The breakfast is great ! Huge selection. The rooms are small but the location definitely makes up for it. A few blocks walk to the star ferry and shopping is everywhere ! Best value in Hong Kong .

yes ! The room is very tiny ! â € ¦ The room is ideal for a double bed , miserable for twin beds. Our room is just located at 15th floor , twin deluxe room , somewhere the end of the doorway. In the room , We have a hard time walk around and not even find a space for our luggage to open. Nevertheless , we have a fantastic view of the harbor. The hotel is Just less than 2min walk from the MTR Tsim Sha Tsui , few mins walk to Star Ferry and largest shopping area Harbor City. Every room door is operated by magnetic card reader , so that you don â € ™ t either drop or collect the keys at the counter. The best thing of all , I find it pretty amazing , at every end of the doorway there â € ™ s an Ice-vending machine. The hot beverage is free , consist of green tea , coffee , English breakfast tea and de-cafe coffee sachets. Although the hotel Check-in is indeed slow , nevertheless the hotel service staff is beyond excellent. Would I go back again ? Might be the question you have in mind , my answer is â € ¦ Yes ! Might be due to the service , location and ice-vending machine haha !

the only thing this hotel has going for it is the location. It is just around the corner from Nathan Street which is ideal for any shopaholics and there is an underground station a minute â € ™ s walk away from the hotel. The Kowloon Hotel is a very busy hotel which caters for business people and tourists alike. As I say the location is excellent but the rooms are just tiny and not particularly pleasurable to be in either I â € ™ m afraid. However , if you don â € ™ t plan to be in the room much and are looking for somewhere central to explore Hong Kong as we were and without forking out a small fortune for a more exclusive hotel , then this hotel is worth considering .

yes location is unbeatable , but the rest unfortunately is rubbish. Tiny rooms , thin mattresses , filthy carpets , slow unreliable internet that is n't free , 80s decor , long queues during check-in , dark and dim lift lobbies etc etc .

i 've stayed at the Kowloon Hotel 5 times now in 10 years. This stay was the worst. The location obviously has n't changed - it 's excellent - but everything else has. This used to be a great value for a very nice hotel and free internet. Internet was always free. Not anymore - it 's now HK $ 120 a day. When the hotel was owned by the Peninsula Group the amenities were great and the rooms were in good shape. It now looks like nothing has been done in 10 years to spruce things up - what used to be really nice is now dated. Judging by the tour buses in the driveway , it looks like they 're going after the tour group bookings and do n't seem to care about repeat business .

right opposite from Peninsula Hotel , literally next to a MTR subway exit , connected to Seibu department store , within walking distance to Star Ferry and in the middle of the busiest strip of Nathan Road. Convenience and location made this my choice of stay in Hong Kong .

stayed here for 3 nights in mid-August for about $ 100 a night .

pluses

small rooms but nice hotel. Just had a restaurant and bar makeover - much improved. Always enjoy my stays here , very good for business. Great location and friendly staff .

we stayed at the Kowloon Hotel in Kowloon for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. We were in a club room on the 17th floor. Breakfast was free 2nd floor , happy hour 6-8pm featured free drinks wine , beer and cocktails as well as free hot and cold snacks. Happy 2 hour was an excellent way to prepare for the laser show in the harbour , about a 5 minute walk away. The hotels location is very good , only steps to the ferry and metro .

my husband booked a club floor room June 13-16. I stayed with him one night en route to Chongqing. The room was very clean , light and airy but not spacious for two people. It was not a problem since I was always out and my husband liked working from the desk at the corner windows. The location is great and convenient to everything. The service from the Club Floor concierges was excellent. They guided us into the hotel dining room which had a separate area for Club Floor guests ; with access to all buffet items. The Club Floor lounge was comfortable and never crowded. The additional price for Club Floor and the upper level rooms were worth the modestly higher price. All in all , my husband always stays here on business and I can see why , as it is comfortable and quiet ; daytime construction across the street from our room was n't too noisy on the high floor rooms. The breakfast buffet is excellent and had wonderful selection of fruits and made to order egg items. I would return in the future with booking for the Club Floor .

we came to Hong Kong for Chinese New Year , and this hotel , with its floor-to-ceiling corner windows , gave us a great view of the fireworks right from the comfort of our room .

we stayed at the Kowloon Hotel in May. It was our first time in Hong Kong and were considering this hotel and the Eaton Hotel. We 're glad to say that we picked the right one .

i 've always liked this hotel. Okay , the rooms are small I would n't recommend two people in one , but he layout and the furniture are very very well thought out meaning you have all amenities , including a full bathroom and shower , a wonderfully comfy double bed , a LCD TV , internet access and a desk to work from. Overall the quality of the hotel I would say is easily that of a four star. Everything is clean , smart , modern and plush. The service is also good as is the food and drink , though a little on the pricey side for the room service considering there are thousands of excellent food outlets on your doorstep where you can get the same thing for less than half the price. The location is unbeatable in that it is right at the bottom of Nathan Road Salisbury Road junction and is right behind the Peninsula. This should give you a good idea of where the hotel is. The MTR station is right outside the hotel 's front entrance. Only hiccup was that the reception used my debit card for the guarantee when it should have been a credit card - she didnt tell me this , which meant she accidentally put 12,000 HKD through it. Easily resolved though and they promised the money back .

nice hotel , really clean , very near the train station , stores everywhere. Service is terrible , though ! Their keycards get quite defective. I visited the concierge only to have this man rudely point me to the reception desk with this impossibly long line of people checking in. When I complained that I am already a guest , he glared at me and spat out &quot ; What do you want me to do ? ! &quot ; . HORRIBLE SERVICE !

this is a large centrally located Hotel. The rooms are tiny but you do n't go on holiday to spend all day in your room. The hotel made up for it with cheerful service ,a great breakfast and its location.The rooms were clean but I would recommend upgrading to one of their bigger rooms if you can .

the LOCATION is very good. A Tsim Tsa Tsui MRT station entrance is right at the hotel door. The neighborhood is safe , full of restaurants , fashion outlets , shops , 7-11 and Starbucks. The free shuttle bus stop to Airport Express at Kowloon Station is opposite the hotel .

still here 4th night of a 5 night stay .

stayed at the hotel on our honeymoon during mid Feb '08. The hotel is well position , it is just walking distance to all shopping outlets , the ferry , restaurants and the MTR is literally underneath the hotel. The hotel staff were very friendly and very helpful with directions and sightseeing tours. The lobby is a bit small and could be really crowded during check in. The check in for us is a breeze , took us less than 10 minutes .

i stayed on my own , at the Kowloon Hotel in Nathan Rd and found the location excellent. The hotel in literally on top of Seibu department store and the MTR , making this in the ideal location. It is a 5 minute stroll to the Star Ferry terminal and right in the action of the bustling Nathan Rd shopping .

this hotel is very well located :

stay here if you 're just looking for a good locaitn to crash. It was by the Peninsula which is walking distiance to some decent attractions and the ferries. When you walk in , the lobby has a noxious smell of perfume from the stores downstairs.The drinks in the bar are overpriced. I had 1 at $ 10.00 and it was n't premium alcohol. The service was horrible. I ordered a second drink before my meal came. They never brought it but it was still on my bill. The room was small , but actually comfortable. It was one of the less expensive options , so I guess you get what you pay for .

you are not really paying for the room here , its all about the location , location , location as you have Nathan Road , Canton Road and the MTR / Star Ferry / Victoria Harbor literally right at the doorstep. You can really shop till you drop around here !

kowloon Hotel , Nathan Road , Tsim Tsa Tsui , Hong Kong has the smallest rooms in Hong Kong Kowloon Side . I frequent Hong Kong and I 've stayed in all 3 hotels of Marco Polo The Hong Kong Hotel , Gateway , Prince , Sheraton Hotel , Holiday Inn Goldon Mile Hotel and so far , Kowloon Hotel has the smallest rooms. I think the room is only 15 square meters including the toilet and bath room. I 've complained about it and the General Manager told me that he could not do anything about it since the hotel 's building was built 22 years ago. The food are also not nice. The only thing that is nice with this Hotel is the Location and the staff - but you could also get this from other hotels. I would not recommend it to anyone to stay in this Hotel .

great location at the bottom end of Nathan Road. We did n't eat in the hotel as there are so many options close by and the restaurant looked like a large buffet set up. The bar was fine with panoramic windows so you can take in the bustle beneath you on the streets. We paid a small premium well worth it to upgrade the room and got complimentary drinks each evening till 7pm. Large rather impersonable Hotel but efficient , clean and in a fantastic location for touring round all the shops and street hawkers. &quot ; cheap Rolex &quot ; anyone ?

from reading the various views , I am sure you have all come to the conclusion that the hotel is small .

we wife , two sons - 18 &amp ; 21 - and I booked the Kowloon Hotel through Ritz Tours as part of a six-day mini-tour flights , hotel , half-day tour in December 2007. Other reviews said the rooms were small , and I figured how small could they be ? Well , they are really small , though you do get used to it after a day or so. However , the hotel 's location more than compensates for the room size. It 's right on the Golden Mile , almost directly above a MTR station , and within easy walking distance of the Star Ferry , Kowloon Park and the TST Promenade. They have high speed Internet in all rooms wireless and wired , but it costs 120 HKD ~ $ 16 for 24 hours. We had the breakfast buffet included , and it was one of the most impressive I 've ever seen , though the hostess told me it would be 168 HKD ~ $ 22 if we had had to pay. The dim sum lunch was good and reasonable , but the Pizzeria restaurant was very expensive and ordinary. Hotel staff were efficient and courteous but not particularly warm and fuzzy ; restaurant staff were nicer .

our first time at Kowloon Hotel , we stayed for 5 nights. It 's at a great location , for MTR as well as the shuttle bus to take the Airport Express. The room was clean yet small , but we 've stayed at even smaller hotel rooms in Mongkok area which was not very clean before thus it 's no problem. Further more after a looonnng day of walking ard , all you want is just to get a good nite sleep. Would definitely recommend to travellers looking for a convenient and clean hotel .

i stayed one night in October 2007 en route to Beijing. The Hotel is in a great location and the courtesy bus from Kowloon Station where the Airport Express arrives is very handy and free. Check in was straight forward. Initial impression of the room was that it was small , but clean and quite adequate. There was fresh fruit and free bottled water provided. Location to Kowloon shops and eateryies could n't be better and it was short walk to the harbour walkway the Stars to see the 8 pm light show. Cost was a little more than the YMCA across the road. Overall I would recommend it .

good hotel ! In the heart of Koowloon area. Close to the ferry and shopping centers !

i stayed at the Kowloon Hotel last year and will stay there again this year. It 's in a fantastic location above the MTR and near the Star Ferry at TST on Kowloon side. Right near Nathan Rd , lots of nearby places to eat. Walk to TST East station to go to Shenzhen. Yes the rooms are very small. that 's not so unusual for HK. But the beds are soooooo... comfortable. And the breakfast buffet if you can get it included is great. Everything opens late in HK so it 's good to take your time in the morning and enjoy a relaxing breakfast .

this hotel does not worth $ 200US per night. Corporate rate is about $ 110US per night ; so do n't get rip off ; the room is VERY VERY SMALL ! ! ! ! A bit dusty and smelly. Dumb receptionist. No gym. It will cost you HK $ 120 or so a day at the YMCA or HK $ 100 a day but you need to take the hotel shuttle to its sister hotel. That 's insane. The bathroom , tiles are old and molds shown.... If you are a couple wanting a place to stay , do NOT stay there ; you will not have room for any suitcases plus your shopping ! Right now I am sitting in the room ; we have two small suitcases - cabin size and a carry-on bag. We have NO room here !

i stayed here two nights , one before Chengdu and the other returning from Chengdu. The first time was ok , the room was very , very small , but ok. Anyway , after a looooong trip you just want to sleep , and the other time , seeing Hong Kong. It was n't cheap. It was in a great location , though. It has the Peninsula Hotel right in front , and has a free shuttler that take you from the Kowloon Station when you use the Airport Express. At walking distance 5 minutes you have the Star Avenue and the Victoria Harbour. The second time we went there they offer us a upgrade , which we took. The room was a little more spacious not to much and a view to the harbour. That was like that , because we had the luck to be place in the far right side of the hotel , where the Peninsula Hotel do not disturb the view .

the Kowloon Hotel is perfect for a stopover in Hong Kong. We were there for 24hours only so needed to fit in as much as we could and the location of the Kowloon Hotel was ideal for this .

i was only in Hong Kong for one night which was just as well as this must be one of the smallest rooms I have ever stayed in !

great location. Knew the rooms were small so not disappointed. Did n't matter. Do n't expect upgrade for longer stay. Buffet breakfast great. Do emailing at YMCA over the road. Much cheaper .

i 've stayed at the Kowloon Hotel a few times over the years. As many point out , the rooms are very small and getting a bit dated -- although clean and comfortable. These are about the only drawbacks I can think of. It 's an extremely convenient location , especially if you 're spending most of your time in Kowloon , but the MTR station , harborfront and ferry terminal are all also only a short walk actually the MTR is under the hotel so going anywhere is pretty easy. The breakfast buffet is terrific , and service , even in this very busy hotel , is excellent .

had a pleasant stay at the Kowloon Hotel sometime back. Little I remember abt the service but the tiny hotel room was the main impression. I was staying for 2 nites on business/pleasure so it was OK but could imagine it being less than pleasant any more than that due to the space constraint. The room smoking and toilet were extremely clean with great shower and the bed was superbly comfy as well as the free internet access and fruit basket. Not a bad stay for a single given the value rate and location ! !

service at the Kowloon Hotel just keeps getting better. The hotel is impeccably clean. Not only does the room look clean , one can actually smell how clean it is. Aside from its convenient location - it 's next to the MTR - the Kowloon Hotel serves the best breakfast buffet this side of Hong Kong. On this point alone , I 'd chose this hotel over the competition .

yes , all the other rviewers are correct - the rooms are incredibly small. But very , very comfortable bed. I was travelling alone , and was n't fazed I 've stayed in much smaller single rooms in Paris too !

i stayed here in January and seem to have had a different experience from some other reviewers , perhaps because I paid extra for Harbour Club membership which gives some extra privileges - maybe room upgrade is included although that was n't mentioned .

this place is like hell ! u pay for a terrible experience ? NO WAY ! I would rather pay a little more to enjoy myself. Service was very very rude ! the building look nice outside and HORRIBLE in side ! the interior looks almost half dead ! the toiletbowls werent checked ! i saw some 'dirt ' inside poo . the whole room stinked ! i request for a change of room but they scolded me ! some hairs were found on the pillow ! wad an awfull hotel. the VIEW suckS ! though location was quite ok.the room was too small.the TV 's were too small ! its like 15 or something inch u know .

if you are claustrophobic do n't stay here. the room was extremely small for 2 people , especially for 5 days , were unable to upack suitcases. room more suited to 1 person. no room to move. no room to store shopping , or any extra luggage. this was my main complaint about the hotel. otherwise staff on the whole were friendly and the room was clean , also hotel ideally situated for MTR , Star Ferry and buses and shops. the Happy Hour at the bar was good , included some food .

stayed here twice with my family. Once in 2003 when SARS was declining and the second time in 2005. Rates back then were a lot cheaper than now , of course. The low price was the main reason we stayed there the second time. Back in 2003 , free internet service was available through the TV. They were using an extremely old version of Windows 3.1 maybe ? But it worked ! Checked my email , etc....But in 2005 , when Harbour Plaza took over management of the hotel , internet access was no longer available through the TV. Internet access was only available at the business center or if I had a laptop .

we stayed at Kowloon Hotel for about seven days at the beginning of September 06. The location was fantastic which was unexpected. It was a short walk around the corner to Harbour City and the ferry over to Hong Kong Island. We had an adjoining room as there was three of us. The pull out bed was the only thing I did n't like , as the springs hurt my back. I ended up taking the mattress off and sleeping on the floor.The rooms itself was fantastic , very clean , great size and lots of room. We stayed on the 23rd floor , a corner suite. It had a fantastic view of the harbour and the museum across the water. The staff were very friendly as is most hotels I have stayed with in Asia. The doorman at the entrance was very helpful with hints. The breakfast buffet is also recommended. Lots of food and variety. I would definetly stay there again as its just around the corner from the underground rail and Nathan Road and really enjoyed the hotel .

very good service on reservations , check in , etc .

i was traveling with my brother in law in a bussines t rip .

yeah , we were expecting the tiny room , but it still takes your breath away when you realize just how much you 're paying for just how little you 're getting. Not only that , but step back a decade or two in amenities. Seriously , I was most struck by just how much this room resembled the dorm room I was forced to live in when I was in the Air force. Combined with the pitiful work ethic of the housekeeping staff as evidenced by the crud built up on the chrome bathroom fixtures and the additional extortionary charge for Internet access , the great location next to the Pen still does n't work out to any kind of bargain. Considering how easy it is to get around in Hong Kong get an Octopus card the location aspect does n't offset the negatives. Spend a small fortune less and a minimal amount more time getting to-and-from and stay farther North..... your bank account will thank you. On the up side , the staff were quite friendly , and the doorman ca n't be beat .

i got a great deal of US $ 97 online at the hotel website. My room was very nice , had all l the amenities you expect from a 4 * . Yes the rooms were n't the largest but it gets the job done and its not cramped either. Located right next to the metro station , across the street from the Star Ferry , next to the Peninsula and the business/shopping district of TST and Kowloon ; you really cant ask for a better location. The complimentary K3 bus brings you here from the Kowloon airport express station. Go ahead and book it , its good .

we stayed here in early March 2007. Could not be more pleased with the place. The location was great , the staff and service were excellent. While many on here have commented on how small the rooms are , we did n't seem to have a huge problem with them - the bathroom was a nice size and the bed , very comfortable. We liked the complimentary fruit and bottled water served every day. We used the business centre while there for the internet and that was great as well. Buffet breakfast in the cafe on level one was included in our rate - well worth it for the great food on offer - western and asian. We also had the friday night supper buffet there and loved the assortment of food. We will definately be booking again with the Kowloon Hotel .

we stayed at the Kowloon Hotel for 5 nights in late March 2007. I think it is a given the rooms are small - I do n't think that the room was so small that it was impractical though. So long as you do n't have two large suitcases the room is fine for size .

just stayed in the Kowloon Hotel recently. Its location is excellent - right behind the Peninsula Hotel in Tsimshatsui , and right next to a subway station. Reception staff - and all others - were efficient and spoke good English .

i stayed at this hotel and booked it because of its location on Kowloon island. I was not surprised as the hotel is right near an MTR station and at the bottom of Kowloon island near the avenue of the stars .

i stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The location is convenient with the subway station just around the corner from the entrance to the hotel. The service and staff are all friendly and I ca n't think of anything that really struck me as terrible or awful in terms of cleanliness etc .

located next to the underground station , very close to the harbour , shopping centre and other attractions. Recommended for a stop-over or short break. The rooms are not huge but for me perfectly enough. The hotel in general clean and tidy with nice and friendly service .

just spent 3 nights 4 days in Hong Kong staying at the Kowloon Hotel. We were prepared for small rooms following previous reports ; however that did not put us off. I booked the room direct with the hotel website , there was a special package called â € ˜ Business Package â € ™ staying for 3 nights or more you received limo collection from the airport , late check out and daily all american buffet breakfast. We opted for a deluxe room , mainly because we prefer to be higher up. We did not have a view ; however , the room was perfectly formed. I would not have liked to have had large suitcases , we had 2 x carry on size and they fitted perfectly into the wardrobe. Dressing gowns , and slippers were provided , accessories in the bathroom included wet shave razor and toothbrushes , which were replenished as they were used. All the other usual toiletries. We had fresh fruit replenished daily along with tea and coffee and drinking water. The controls for the TV and lights were very handy at the side of the bed , a turn down service was provided and all I can say about the beds , is we slept like logs , very unusual for us in hotels. We used the laundry service , and received our clean clothes by 4pm the same day. Hotel bar had a happy hour each day , serving free complimentary food along with your drinks , with perfect people watching views of Nathan Road. The wine buffet was well worth the $ 198HK per person , it included a choice of 5 red and 5 white wines. Needless to say we sampled them all ; Bobbi and Annie were very accommodating and polite and get our vote for the smile award. Excellent location for everything on Kowloon , especially the transport systems , MTR and Star Ferries. Slight hiccup with the bill on check out which was soon resolved to everyone â € ™ s agreement. Next time we visit Hong Kong , we will definitely be staying at the Kowloon Hotel .

this place was perfect.. .

while location is great for Kowloon and TST yet this hotel is highly overrated and overpriced for what you will get .

i have chosen this hotel based on some of the reviews from this web and one of my colleague said that this hotel was 'quite good ' especially the location. I would say the location is good however me and my friend were disgusted by the staff. We are Chinese and I do speak and understand Cantonese but I chose to speak in English when making conversation with the staff. We book a room on club level. On the day we checked-in , I did n't know that we are so privileged that we can check in on the club level which is on the 17th floor. I passed the voucher to the counter staff and she spoke in cantonese to herself that 'what is this nonsense ' and gave us an impatient look. After she found out that we should be checking in at the Club level , she called the club level that telling them that 'someone coming ' , of course , in cantonese. She changed her tone and smile at us and show us to the lobby. By that time we were quite surprise the kind of service this hotel staff provide .

the location of the Kowloon hotel is brilliant. Its at the harbour end of Nathan road , right next door to a MTR station , and about 5 mins walk from the harbour front and 10 mins from the Star Ferry Terminal .

we booked through a travel agent to take advantage of a 6pm check-out. We were hesitant of this property given this site reviewers comments on the TINY rooms , BUT with that knowledge in mind , thought it was OKAY ! Location was great. Staff were knowledgable and friendly .

i was one day at Kowloon Hotel , but I am wondering is it possibile to call that room &quot ; an hotel room&quot ; . I was alone and even if I am not too fat , the space was exactly for me .

my wife and I stayed here for 7 nights.The staff were attentive ,polite and very helpful.We think that it is worth the extra Â £ 30 per day to use the facilities of the Harbour Club.This includes breakfast for two,complimentary pressing of clothes,fruit and bottles of water , the use of private lounges to recover from the excesses of so much shopping.There is also afternoon tea with snacks and also a free cocktail/drink time between 6pm /8pm with light nibbles and cakes....a peaceful haven.There is also a good chance of a harbour view..especially rooms 1728...1732 and 1828...1832

the upside to this hotel was the fantastic location. From the hotel , if you turn left it 's the MTR and if you turn right it 's Starbucks ! It is also conveniently located near shops although the prices of the goods are on the higher side. However , it 's excellent value for money in the TST area - a touristy area. The beds were super comfortable and we had uninterruped sleep for most of the nights. We were also impressed with the message found on the TV in the hotel room welcoming us to the hotel .

we have just arrived back from HK. We stayed at Kowloon Hotel and as everyone has said in all the reviews has very , very small rooms. But who stays in the room. It was clean , staff were very helpful. Hubby and I travelled with friend who was in wheelchair and she had a room on her own. The staff helped us with the chair. We were fortunate to be given free buffet breakfasts which were both filling and good variety. We did n't need lunch. The hotel is close to MTR just outside . We eat buffet supper a couple of nights which was delightful asian and seafood . All in All we had a great time .

like what many travellers had commented , the size of the room is ridiculously small. My colleague and I had to squeeze into the room for the 6 days that we were there .

as other reviewers have pointed out , the rooms are tiny. But that honestly did not bother us , we spent more of our time out of the hotel exploring Hong Kong anyway ! The rooms are also rather plain looking , but the lobby and elevators are beautifully decorated .

the hotel is in a great spot , we were only minutes walk from shops and transport but make no doubt about it , we were always keen to be out of the hotel. It was n't ditry and the staff were pleasant , but by the time my wife and I wheeled in our two cases there was no floor space left ! Our room , which was relativly expensive for an Australian traveller used to paying less for a 4 or 5 star we had hoped for more than the 10 square meters of space and a tiny &quot ; double&quot ; bed. We kept the net curtains closed - our view was of the air conditioning towers of another building .

great value for Hong Kong $ 110 US and close to Star Ferry , Harbor City shopping , subway and airport train. Smallest rooms we 've ever seen , but we did n't spend much time there. Friendly , helpful staff .

we stayed at the Kowloon Hotel in early August 2006. We booked our room through our travel agent and paid NZD $ 150 approx HKD $ 750 per night. The rate did not include breakfast .

i booked my room and checked in on the same day , which got me a discounted rate save ~ 200 HKD , for a final rate of ~ 1450 HKD . The agent who checked me in was very helpful. She even showed me another room on the top floor , for the same price with a harbor view so I could consider my options .

i recently stayed at the Kowloon Hotel based on the reviews here and I was not disappointed in my choice. I splashed out for the Harbour View Twin , which was the size of a standard US hotel room. The room was decorated in a low-key , minimalist style with white duvet covers on the bed and blond wood furniture. The bathroom was large enough that you could move around without bumping into the walls. Amenities included daily complimentary fruit and bottled water , a mini-bar , and an in-room safe. Free internet service is no longer available but if you must check your e-mail you can log on for $ 120 HKD per day. Satellite TV includes CNN , BBC World News , Sky News , ESPN , Eurosport , and numerous channels featuring local and international programs .

place had a good location , very central on the main street Nathan Rd. Located near all the shops , with Mong Kok night life shopping district just a 15 minute walk up nathan rd. Located close to the subway , which by the way is great over there. As what others have noted before me , the rooms are tiny , compared to other hotels I have stayed at. I think 2 people per room would be the absolute maximum you would allow. The bathrooms are also very small. This hotel is n't really the extravagent one , with big lobby , guest lounge... more business-like. Other than that , everything about the hotel was good. But do n't expect fancy hotel , however location wise , it is great .

we booked the hotel after visiting the reviews on tripadvisor. It is located in a good shopping location with several major shopping centers within walking distance. It is also close to the underground station which makes travelling around the city easy .

i have now been to the Kowloon 3 times and will be going for a 4th in September. I stay there on business , because it is so convenient and cheap compared to some of the other hotels Marco Polo group for one .

myself &amp ; 3 other girlfriends stayed here for 6 nights and found it to be pleasant and ideal location. The rooms are indeed small but as a party of 4 we booked 2 executive suites consisting of twin beds in each room. Both these suites actually turned out to be 2 rooms each with an interconnecting door.One room had the twin beds ,computer which doubles up as tv , bathroom , in the next room , was the same but with a sofa instead of a bed.We moved 1 single bed into that room which then gave us all a room to ourselves with all facilites.2 of us were on the 9th floor smokers view of harbour was limited as obstructed by buildings,but thats what you get for being smokers. The other 2 were on the 16 floor which had a wonderful view of the harbour .

very helpful staff , especially the tour advice desk .

my husband and I stayed at the Kowloon for 5 nights in mid-October of 2005. When we booked , we were under the impression the Kowloon was still managed by The Peninsula across the street and that we 'd be able to share the facilities with that hotel. No such luck ! The Kowloon was sold by the Peninsula in '05 and is now under entirely different management which we confirmed by removing the electrical tape on our remote to reveal the words , &quot ; A Peninsula Property&quot ; that had been covered up ! .

as has already been said , the hotel is in an excellent location but the rooms definitely are too small .

my husband &amp ; I recently stayed at this hotel on a 2 night stop-over from Rome to New Zealand. I must say that after reading some of the reviews before we left we were a little apprehensive about the size of the rooms. We did n't have any problem with the size , in fact we were pleasantly surprised. Our room was on the 13th floor with a lovely view to the harbour. Everything was spotless. The bed was the most comfortable we had slept in in our whole time away. The linen was beautiful , when we ran out of milk or tea we asked and they supplied us with more. We had a late check out of 6.00pm and they even serviced our room on this day , which we had n't expected .

we stayed in this little gem recently before embarking on a cruise. The location , room and staff were all above expectations. Ideally located to all things , shopping , subway , pier , and major tourist areas .

located above the MTR station and central to most Hong Kong transport and attractions .

i managed to get a great deal on this hotel via one of the frequent flyer/loyalty schemes which was open to all - at that price this hotel was excellent value for money. Room was small but had everything that uou needed - cable/satellite TV , kettle and hairdryer. Bathroom was adequate but is perhaps due for a renovation. The main attraction to the hotel was the service and the location. Location is directly above the MTR/KCR station interchange which means that you do not need to go out on street level to catch the tube/trains. Also situated near all the kowloon side shopping attractions. Perhaps I would not rate the hotel so highly if I had paid the rack rate but the VFM tariffs are out there - you just need to find them .

i stayed here for one night on a flight stop-over. I booked a non-smokng room And this hotel does have several non-smoking floors . I checked in late at about 11pm. I was disappointed to find they 'd given my non-smoking room to another guest. So I was forced to sleep in a smoker. And believe me , that tiny little room REALLY stank of smoke ! ! !

pros :

for the money , one of the best in Kowloon , once you get over the fact that HK hotel rooms are small , even by NYC standards. Such a fabulous location it 's hard to pass up. Clean , modern , appears well run , great access to MTR and Airport rail. No beefs at all , would definitely stay here again. Got a great rate on Asiarooms--- , better than at the YMCA .

great Service and food clean rooms although small for the price it is great value and so close to all the main transport options excellent value. Disneyland is a must see also absolutley gorgeous a magical experience that only comes once in a lifetime .

reception staff very friendly and helpful. Fairly good English. Room was small. Bathroom had everything working and clean. Perfect position for Staf ferry to Hongkong Island , train underneath .

i stayed here one night after arriving in Hong Kong in the evening , as I would be leaving for China the following morning. I was upgraded to the executive floor # 18 but the elevator only went to the 17th floor so I had to walk up one flight of stairs. My room was extremely small , not much larger than the bed , and the carpet had a very strong mildew smell. I was too tired to ask for another room. The staff for the check-in process was prompt and professional .

this is a great hotel for business traveller travelling alone. Location could n't be much more convenient , and rooms are well equipped for business. Rooms really are small , even by HK standards. So , for double rooms for 2 , go somewhere else .

the miniscule room size came as no surprise after reading all the previous reviews. We do n't travel with masses of baggage , so the crush was just about manageable .

my rating would probably be somewhere in between 2 and 3 for this hotel .

great hotel - great location : subway is in the basement - you can go basically anywhere from there. Star Ferry is a couple of blocks away. It 's right on Nathan Road - although I find Nathan Road a big tourist trap. Harbour City mall with free internet is a couple blocks away .

we reserved a great price- about US120 , and then upgraded to about US200 to get a Harbor Club room on the top floor , view across the harbor , great buffet breakfast,tea with sandwiches from 4-6,all you can drink cocktails with snacks from 6-8 and many more extras. Very worth it , especially when we watched the Christmas eve fireworks from our room .

we stayed at this hotel for our Hong Kong trip. Thanks to the reviews from earlier months I have decided to book with this hotel because everyone had claimed that the location was great. I was very satisfied with my decision. The location was PERFECT ! right in the middle of everything ! ! The hotel staff were all very helpful and friendly. The rooms were a bit smaller than your usual but that 's because it 's Hong Kong. I 've asked other tourist staying at other hotels and they all seemed to agree that the rooms were quite compact. Other than that I honestly could not find one single flaw with this hotel. Do n't worry guys it 's a safe bet ! !

based on the reviews in these pages we tried the Kowloon Hotel. I expected the rooms to be small , but they were really small - cruise ship small. The location was great and after a week in less developed China we enjoyed having the internet keyboard and connection When we hit a snag loggin on , the in-house computer guy came to help out. We ate one night at their Italian restaurant - menu in Chinese , English and Italian .

this hotel is a very clean &amp ; would be rated at least a four star. Its in a great spot on Nathan road in the Kowloon district. The hotel is designed for the business traveller and has internet access in the rooms you have to pay for this and also has a business centre for faxes etc. We did not have breakfast because it was over priced nor did we eat in the restaurants. We stayed in a standard room. There is no way I would stay in this room again as it was sooo small. It was hard to even get our two suitcases in the room. Apart from this the bed was the most comfortable I have ever slept on on a holiday !

we visited Hk when the WTO was on and were lucky to get a room. We ended up at the Kowloon by default but were very happy with it. The location is perfect with the MRT underneath and the waterfront a couple of minutes walk away. It 's right in the middle of shopping heaven too. The front of house staff were very friendly and organised. Our bags were off the shuttle bus and in our room before we 'd finished check in. The room was more like a cupboard , very small. However it had everything needed for a comfortable stay and the best bed we had in our entire trip to SE Asia. Everything in the bathroom worked too. Would stay there again .

we booked our room direct with the hotel on line and paid $ 172AUS per night including buffet breakfast , which we thought was great value as the breakfast alone is $ 168HK/pp. No problems at check in we requested a non smoking room which it was... very clean and yes it was small but well appointed. Loved the doonas and feather pillows , very comfortable beds .

having been there at the time of fair in October the rates were expensive. We had been in two minds whether to call the trip off or not. Lucky that we decided to stick to our plans. We had not used any of the hotel restaurants as during the five night stay we had a rather hectic schedule. Rooms were small but very cosy and convenient. Our corner room in 7th floor was overlooking the busy street beyond the HMV showroom. The guest relation was excellent , the hotel staff extremely courteous and helpful. The location was superb. You could walk around anytime for anything. Station , MTR , Ferry - everything so handy. Certainly we would stay in this hotel as and when we visit again .

executive or business owner ? Get a corporate account. Harbor Club priviledges for the same price as a deluxe room with all the perks .

before arriving at the Kowloon Hotel I emailed them several times through their website. They were very prompt and always emailed me back right away ! : We arrived into Hong Kong Airport around 11 pm and went to A15/16 to sign up for a busride to the airport. This bus was very nice and was comfortable and dependable. It was 160 HK dollars per person 20 US dollars but for being new to the area this was the way to go ! We could have taken the City Bus A21 or N21 for only 33 HK Dollars but we did not know about it at the time. However we did take it when leaving the Kowloon Hotel. The bus stop is just about 3 minutes from the Hotel. Nice lobby , clean and welcoming. We had purchased our room thru orbitz.com and we bought a standard queen bed room. All worked out fine and we got an excellent rate. The room was tiny..I 'm talking open the door walk 3 steps and the bathroom is on your left. In the bathroom you take 2 steps in and you can sit on the toilet , or step in the shower. The closet is across from the bathroom and we put my husbands suitcase in there because the rest of the room was not big enough. The queen bed was nice and clean and there was a foot between the wall and the end of the bed and the wall and the side of the bed and then a desk on the other side. One chair which I would have loved to get rid of as we sat on the bed and my suitcase needed the space. This is the worlds tinyest room but very clean and very quiet. We would definitely stay again , it was worth the money , we just were not used to a small room. EXCELLENT location ! You do not even need to go outside to get to the MTR subway station , perfect location to Harbour City Mall and only 5 min walk to the star ferry. The hall we were on did smell a bit like sewage but only in the hall so we arent sure what the deal was. I 'm quite picky and usually stay at the Mariott or Hyatt but this was fine. We would stay again :

the Kowloon Hotel was , until recently , managed by the owners of the adjacent Peninsula Hotel and the same high service standards have been maintained by the new management. The rooms are small but well designed and comfortable - and who goes to Hong Kong to sit an a hotel room anyway ? ! !

we stayed at this hotel in August 2005 and found it to be everything we expected for the money and more. The location in Nathan Road was excellent , the service and cleanliness of the hotel were also excellent and we would have no hesitation staying here again or recommending it to anyone .

ok , so the rooms are small , but how long are you going to stay in your room in Hong Kong ? ? VERY centrally located to harbour , star ferry , MTR , SHOPPING and everything else. The staff were helpful and friendly. Buffet dinner in the Window Cafe was superb and cost $ 695 HKD for 2. Only minor problem was the &quot ; non smoking room&quot ; smelled of smoke..but you soon get used to it .

i just stayed 9 nights at the kowloon hotel - i had so much fun and was happy with everything !

after reading some of the reviews , I had second thoughts in selecting this hotel for my trip two weeks ago. But since we were staying here for the first and third night only of our three night stay , well we made our decision .

have just returned from staying at The Kowloon Hotel , Kowloon , Hong Kong. I had read the reports on the internet but was still suprised at how small the room was. If you have 2 suitcases forget it ! ! The positioning of the Hotel is great , right next to the MTR and the bus to the airport is just 100 metres away , so if you dont want to catch the MTR aiport express to the airport for 90 dollars catch the bus which is a more interesting ride for 33 dollars. I believe for what we paid for the rooms AUS $ 288 per night we were robbed , there must be better hotels around for that amount of money , but we booked in a hurry and could n't get in a hotel as there was a trade fair on at the time , so we paid over the odds .

having read other reviews of a negative nature , I move in defence of the Kowloon Hotel. We availed ourselves of an all in one package with transfers to &amp ; from airport and breakfast included for HK $ 1330. This suited our needs appropriately. The rooms are very small but ours was more than adequate for the overnight sleep we required whilst in transit. Our room and bathroom was very clean , bed linen of good quality , bathrobes , slippers , bathroom supplies. We did not have time for breakfast due to a very early departure. For entertainment we spent our time in the Peninsular Hotel , by far superior , just a stones throw accross the road from the Kowloon Hotel. We needed somewhere quiet and comfortable for five hours sleep , it more than delivered. Walk accross the road to the Peninsular for the eating , drinking , entertainment and shopping .

i booked a few nights at the Kowloon Hotel in TST and checked out two days later. The rooms are absolutely cramped-- two people can not stand shoulder-to-shoulder in any part of the interior hallway , and the two twin beds were spaced maybe 5 inches apart. Although the hotel boasts internet access , it 's only available for an exorbitant fee of $ 120 HK about $ 15 USD per day. Also , the beds just have thin mattress pads , as opposed to a full mattress on a box spring. I found the beds dirty and stained .

i stayed at the Kowloon for 4 nights. Checked in with only a small amount of waiting , and was very quickly processed. Upon arriving into my room there was a fruit bowl , which did contain mouldy fruit , this was n't really a good start to my stay , I did leave a note for housekeeping to please replace the fruit with &quot ; fresh&quot ; produces which was done .

we stayed for 4 nights in the Kowloon , after requesting a non-smoking room we were told there were none left and were given the 'promotion ' of upgrading our room during our stay for $ 400 HKD , presumably for the 4 night stay. The room had everything , but for an upgraded room it was tiny , i mean tiny , ok for one person but for a couple .... ?

  friends and I stayed in this hotel the last weekend of July , I had been to Hong Kong many times before but this was my first stay at the Kowloon hotel. The location of the hotel ca n't be beat. You can enter the MTR station directly from the lobby or use the underpass to cross Nathan road. There is a Park N Shop convenience store around the corner as well as a Starbucks. Right now there is also an Esprit outlet store around the corner with great bargains on clothes .

the Kowloon Hotel is indeed 4 star and more in term of service , location and it 's great clean and comfortable room .

kowloon hotel has a great location. It is directly connected to an MTR station which makes getting around real easy. Just around the corner is a convenience store , several cafes , restaurants and shops. The lobby looks great. Check-in and check-out was a breeze. The rooms are small - like it was a single room converted for 2. But no matter how small the room was , my hubby and I were happy as we had a good view of Nathan Rd , it was quiet and we did n't have any problems with the staff. Room was hi-tech : everything was operated just by pushing a button. Internet is available but a bit pricey - luckily , during our stay , there was a promo and internet was free. Room rates are affordable - around USD80 per night. We visit Hongkong frequently and I would consider Kowloon Hotel as one of the hotels I would stay in again .

we stayed at the Kowloon during mid April , although the room was a bit small it was in a very god condition , location and staff were excellent. The station is not too far away and all good shopping places are near by. If ur lucky you mite just get a room where you can just see the main Hong Kong island - Wan Chai district .

we were there for a week , in November and it was a great time of year to be there. The hotel was great and the staff very helpful. Buffet breakfast was the best and other meals not too expensive. We ate in the hotel chinese resteraunt and the other one and both were good. Rooms are quite small but had everything you could need and free internet was good. You do n't go to Hong Kong to sit in your hotel room we were usually shopping until late. I would recommend it for anyone wanting a good value hotel in a really central location .

my wife and I visited HK and stayed at the Kowloon Hotel at the end of Feb '05. The standard room we stayed in was small but we were well prepared for that after reading the reviews here . The room and bathoom was very clean , however our view was looking out straight across Nathan Rd at Chunking Mansions which is an ugly building. The location of this hotel is excellent with an entrance to the Tsim Sha Shui MTR and KCR right outside as well as an HSBC ATM. All the shops in and around Nathan Road are easy to walk to as is the Star Ferry terminal and Harbour Plaza shopping mall. It was handy having internet access in the room but it was slow and not always reliable with an old version of netscape , good enough for me to check my web e mail though. All the staff were impeccably polite and helpful. We did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants as there are so many other places to eat out close-by .

okay the rooms are small. But to me the positives really outweigh the negatives at this hotel. If you do n't have the cash to spend at the Pennisula-this is a good alternative-since you are directly behind that hotel .

the Kowloon Hotel , located at the tip of Tsim Tsa Tsui , Kowloon , is a sister hotel of the famed Peninsula Hotel just across the road. What I like about the Kowloon Hotel is its excellent location for both the tourist and the business traveller. With Tsim Tsa Tsui MTR station at its doorsteps , what more can you ask for. The rooms come with free internet access from a desktop computer from which you can also obtain the latest tourist information. At HK $ 600 per night , it is reasonably priced for a hotel of this standard and locality. The Airport Express shuttle service stops at this hotel making it convenient for trips to and from the airport. The only drawback is the small size of the room. A standard double room had just sufficient space for 2 medium sized suitcases. I would recommend the Kowloon Hotel more for the business traveller rather than family groups on leisure trips .

as othe people have stated the rooms are very very small , which the hotel can not do much about , we got the 3rd floor which meant noise from the traffic was audible but not unbearable.The staff were pleasant and helpful almost all spoke english .

