the hotel is very new - thus , all facilities are new and superb !

i stayed in this hotel on the weekends for a total of 5 weeks from Nov to Dec. I used Hong Kong as a hub to visit the neighbouring countries .

this was my last post in China before going home. I Chose this one because the other ones were booked. This hotel is beautiful from outside and inside. Nice decoration and is a tall building. The view from the exchange floor 41st is nice .

when my family and I , and some family friends went to HongKong for a vacation , this was the hotel that the travelling agency had booked for us. In fairness , we were not disappointed at all. The hotel itself was really modern chic , and I totally love the elegant cutting edge interiors of the hotel lobby. The rooms were huge , the beds were huge , and it has a great view of the skyline HongKong. The bathroom had glass windows so while you 're taking your shower , you still can enjoy the view. Unfortunately , it was quite far from the main HongKong area where you can find all the night markets , and from other tourist destinations so you have to spend more for your cab fares. But still there are quite some high end malls surounding the area that offer some high end shopping. It was a really great hotel , the downside though was its location , but overall , it was a nice experience staying there .

i stayed here three nights while transiting in HK , and I was really surprised by this hotel ! it 's a 4 * hotel next to the Tsung Wan convention center same building at it 's huge ! it 's too big - like somebody else observed - to give you a 5 * service , and on top of that it 's very new and the facilities are still under construction read swimming pool and gym . Still , at 40 euros per night I wo n't complain ! Rooms are modernly decorated , and are big ! You have kettle and slippers , no bathrobes. View are breathtaking I had a room at the 70th floor ! ! , especially over the bay .

this hotel has 4 and 5 star ratings depending where you look , but because of its enormous size , there is little chance of getting any kind of 5 star service. Our room was more like an apartment it was so big , on the 24th floor at the corner of the building with fantastic views of the harbour. The hotel is clean and very comfortable , but lacked warmth , with so many guest rooms you may feel a little detached from the staff. The restaurant on the 9th floor is nice , but there did n't appear to be a bar for regular drinks and snacks .

we had a great stay here. Stayed here from Oct 1-6 , 2009. Arrived at around 10pm. We didnt have any problems checking in. The receptionist is friendly and helpful. We booked it via octopus travel .

i stayed in this hotel on the weekends for a total of 5 weeks from Aug to Sept. I used Hong Kong as a hub to visit the neighbouring countries .

we love the whole place except for the lobby person who was very rude to me when we ran late for our departure flight pick up... he could have politely said that our bus already left but instead he arrogantly puts up his wristwatch pointing out to me that we are so late... we wo n't ask him to drive us to the airport anyway.. .

this was a great hotel stay. The rooms were huge and the bathroom was gorgeous with a bathtub , and shower looking out onto the room. Very clean. The hotel is right across the street from a mall , and other shopping areas. Walking distance to the subway. Computers with free internet in the lobby. Really liked the hotel .

we stayed ten days there because of the attractive price. The location is not good , facing a smelly wet market and remotely located in an industrial area. The room is OK. But definitely not 5-star standard. The floor is not carpeted. So if somebody upstairs or in neigboring rooms move their beds or chairs , there will be annoying noise in late night. I can not tolerate that ! !

my room was spotless , large and stylish I loved the deep bath from which I could watch tv or just enjoy the view , but the toilet cubicle within the very large bathroom was so tiny I had to leave the door open ! this was only the case for my room , my parent 's room next door was laid out much better . Also , there was no hot water in the shower although there was in the bath ? ? ! ! .

i booked this hotel for my honeymoon. Bought voucher from travel agent after getting mostly positive information about this hotel from Trip Advisor .

an excellent centre for hosting a conference where all delegates can be accomodated at the same place. The rooms offer an excellent view of the water front and is very comfortable and neat

my partner and I stayed here for 5 nights in October last year. The hotel itself can not be faulted , service was excellent and you get free internet access in the lobby area. The location is n't great but the hotel runs a shuttle bus service to the centre fairly regularly. On arrival we were given a free upgrade to a Harbour vIew Room on the 89th floor , the views were amazing. The food in the restaurant was nice and reasonably priced. Would definately recommend this hotel to others who are on a budget but do n't want to sacrifice quality .

i stayed in this hotel with my whole family for 15 days. We were upgraded to an ocean view room and on the 60th floor. We enjoyed our staying. The location is surrounded by shopping mall and traditional market place. You found things with good price compare to the city core tourist area. We travel different places mostly with the bus , where the bus station is right next to the hotel. There are other transportation options including Van and MTR. The room is spacious and the cleaning ladies are very kind. We will definitely pick this hotel again for our next trip to HK .

nice hotel. was not finished when we were staying there , so we got a reduced price. Great area as well local fresh market and restrants. for fruit you could not go wrong. We stayed for 5 days with my parents in law. the only problem is the distance from central , but the hotel does put on a bus service into and out of downtown kowloon .

good value 5 star hotel with interesting rate. Although it is a bit out of night crowd like mongkok... , but it is worth staying in this hotel. Free internet in the lobby. Nice view of hotel surrounding , from top. Shopping mall is just accross the street where you can find plenty of choices including KFC... : -

we stayed at tthis hotel for ten days over the Christmas period. I consider that it represented excellent value and the room we had on59th floor was certainly large enough for our family 2 adults plus one 16 year old daughter . We slept well very good sized beds found the hotel quiet on our floor but expect noise in the lobby because of large amount of guests . We did not eat in the hotel,but there is a large shopping centre just across the road , and another two with five minutes walk. Explore the area ,interesting and lively at night ,safe and in the adjoining park watch the dancing classes in the evening. Would stay there again with no hesitation .

realy lovely hotel , big rooms and a lovely view , it is very clean well looked after , we did not have breakfast included.good rates as still some work going on around the area .

we stayed at this hotel for Christmas/New Year 2008-2009. I was a little sceptical at first upon reading some of the reviews because the quality of the hotel seemed to be too good for the price I was going to pay AUD $ 102 per night . In a few words , if you are looking for a very good quality hotel at a good price - do it - you wo n't be disappointed .

before we checked in to L hotel , we were in Hotel Jen located in Western District on the HK Island. We were in a standard room and our room faces blocks of old building. So when we walked into our seaview room in the L Hotel , boy , weren ‚ Ä ô t we impressed ! Our room is on the 39th level , just one down from the top level in Tower 1. The room size is generous , has a magnificent seaview including part of the Tsing-Ma bridge ‚ Ä ì all for the price of HKD770. The bathroom has a shower and a big nice tub. The only thing is the glass shower screen which looks into the bedroom and the other way round. This may ‚ Ä ú compromise ‚ Ä ù your privacy a bit if you are travelling with someone other than your bedside partner ! It has internet PCs in the lobby which is available for use by hotel guest FOC .

you can see when you arrive at their lobby that its a new hotel with contemporary decoration. Reception staff doesnt smile at all and not friendly. Tried to call from the room once and a guy answered in sleepy voice. They just provide one key in each room. We asked for an extra key for our convenience since we had two suites but the reception guy told me that they only provide one and answered me that we will just open the door for you if you need an extra key. ? ! ? When we insisted , they said we need to pay 50 dollars in case we lost it. For a five star hotel , at least provide two keys and this should not be an issue .

booked my harbour view room for 5 nights thru booking.com , came out to be like $ 100 USD a night. The hotel itself construction is completed , but the business center and shopping mall part is not. The room is very big compare to typical HK hotel room. The bedroom is kind of strange : yeah the glass wall looks nice , but not very practical when you try to sleep and your wife and kids want to take a bath and keep the light on. watch out for the shower because the drain is not designed to drain quick enough if you turn the shower on full blast. a safe , a fridge , a coffee pot is provided free of charge , and there 's international plug not a transformer though available right below the plasma TV , but the provided hairdryer uses that plug too--another thing to keep you awake when they are done taking a bath. Service has been prompt when I needed them to open doors for me. One thing that I would like to see improvement on is internet access. they charged $ 30 HKD an hour or $ 120 HKD a day if you want to use the ethernet port in your room. If you want free internet , you must use their 8 computers setup for you at the lobby. But there 's always couple of kids down there playing internet games and hogging up all the computers. They should have restricted access to computer to 1 person per room or setup a free wifi access point at the lobby so people can get some work done. transportation is very good : the back side of the building is 2 bus terminal , and a 5 mins walk get you to the tsuen wan west MTR station. several bridges still under contruction will take you directly to the shopping mall across the street. Overall a very good experience , will likely stay with them again next time !

we stayed at this hotel for one nite.The corner room is much bigger and facility better.So if possible,choose corner room.All the hotel sparkling new.Though I am disappointed that there is no buffet breakfast we reserved thru travel agent,I did n't notice there is no breakfast .The sea view is great from our corner room .

  star hotel in Hong Kong for $ 100 per night ! I could not find anything slightly comparable for families for under $ 220 per night .

this is my second stay at the hotel following a good experience in May 2007. The hotel 's facilities still are not opened yet , like the business center and the pool area. They did add a few more computers down in the lobby that provide free internet but they were pratically always occupied. I 've had to wait for a turn quite a few times. Staff was pretty courteous and helpful. T

stayed 4 nights in October 2007 half term. Rooms were comfortable Harbour view fantastic but not 'THE HARBOUR' .

because they were still in the process of building the hotel , we got an excellent price for a room on one of the top floors with amazing view over the harbour. Despite the fact that they are still building the hotel , the building work did not bother us at all. The space in the room is very well thought out , everything looked modern and worked well. Our ownly problem with the hotel was that there was nowhere in the hotel to hang out and get a drink although presumably this will change . The hotel is quite far from the centre of HK , but it is very easy and speedy to get where you want to go. All in all , a very pleasant stay in the type of hotel I could not normally afford !

i stayed in this new hotel with my family for 1 night in January 2008 and we wish we had longer we went to HK Disneyland hotel after this for the children ‚ Ä ô s treat . The pool was not ready it was a bit chilly for that anyway in January , but they gave us a magnificent harbour view room , the breakfast was excellent and the hotel check-in , check out process one of the fastest ever. The MTR is just next door to this hotel , there are good food markets around the area in the morning selling all types of fresh fruit , veges , etc and shopping centres , etc and the public fitness park next door is good to walk around and lots of swings and playground equipment for children .

lhotel is a new hotel at is still being built,so at the moment it is a very good price.The rooms are very nice and well thought out.Our toilet was leaking all over the floor and we reported it everyday,but it was still not fixed when we checked out.The staff at reception,bell boys,housekeeping and doorman are so helpful and happy.The same can not be said with the breakfast room,99 % of the staff there never had a smile for guests.thier uniforms were often very dirty,if you finished one course they would lay your dirty knife and fork on your place mat,so what ever your second course was it would taste of the first,no what I expect for a 5 star resort.The asistant manger contacted me,the night before I was leaving to say how sorry he was about the staff and leaking toilet and offerd me a late check out free of charge,but i was leaving early.When I went to check out the next day I was told they were very sorry about the things that had gone wrong and I did not have to pay my internet bill,which was $ 150,which was a nice touch.The other staff in the hotel are very nice they must just sort out the breakfast room and its staff,as they really let the hotel down.The hotel os very easy to get to buy airport bus,or you can take a taxi and that costs $ 230 HK,for shopping it is also very easy,you just take thier underground subway system from just out side the hotel

my second stay at this hotel. Noticed alot more new staff being added . Definitely more guests than my previous one and can see that their business is picking up. Check-in was still pretty much efficient despite arriving much earlier.We also enjoyed the privilege of checking out late at 6pm for our evening flight without any extra charges. Rooms were kept tidy and spotlessly clean. Also,guests at the hotel are well-behaved .

i stayed at the L'Hotel Nina for 8 days at the beginning of Dec and

l'hotel Nina has nice big rooms , overlooking Victoria Harbour , but it is actually in New Territories , so it is a long way from Nathan Road and all the attractiions there. There are 13 Metro stops from Tsuen Wan where the hotel is to Tsim Tsa Shui , which is where lots of tourists start their holiday The Space Museum , Star Ferry Pier , Nathan Road shopping , etc .

i agree with the &quot ; Location , location&quot ; reviewer , this hotel gets a zero for location. It takes 45 to 90 minutes to most attractions and transfer or transfers between different forms of transportation are often necessary. I am familiar with the streets of Hong Kong and Kowloon , but it did not help. Other than a few small local shops and a wet meat and fish market , there is absolutely nothing around there .

stayed on previous HK trips in Kowloon BP International , but this time wanted a different Hong Kong experience and booked L ¬ ¥ Hotel Nina for 7 nights despite the fact that the hotel is not ready yet. There is construction work going on in the other tower e.g. swimming pool not ready yet plus a building site next door , but this caused only minor disturbance. We liked the hotel very much :

i had to be in Hong Kong twice over a three week period this past July. My booking was for a one night stay at the end of trip , to catch a flight out in the early am. I booked this hotel as it was extremely cheap by Hong Kong standards $ 55 USD. It for only one night and the proximity to the airport was a plus. I thought at the onset of my trip to HKG I should check this hotel out as there was only a couple of reviews thus far.......I 'm glad I did. It took what seemed an eternity to get there by MTR. The station is immense brand new in Tsuen Wan. I then walked as the previous reviewer stated around 7-10 minutes before entering the lobby. Total time from start to finish was 40-45 minutes to reach Kowloon ! ! ! There was NO signage to the main entrance of the hotel from the street ? ? ? ? I found it difficult to find. There is NOTHING around the hotel.......Just locally owned stores and a few small restaurants. The hotel was still in the midst of construction. I found the staffs level of english proficiency to be very poor ! The pool and gym were both unavailable. If your booking strictly on the basis of price over anything else , I would say go for it. Otherwise , your best to think twice ! The location is a MAJOR problem ! ! ! ! ! It gets a 0 out of 10 for convienience. The hotel is clean &amp ; new but , that 's about it. You can do alot better for not much more money elsewhere. Not too mention the location would be a huge improvement over this.......Its safe to assume I cancelled my booking and spent the extra and stayed at Langham Place. My third time there , highly recommend it. It 's more expensive but , the location , facilities , service can not be beat .

we stayed 2 nights at L'Hotel Nina. At check-in we were giving an upgrade to a harbour room view , all for the price of USD 77 per night. The room was very spacious , with a deep bathtub and separate shower. The view was superb. The lobby was very modern and the staff was very helpful and polite. This hotel is located 15 min from the center of Hong Kong .

stayed 8 nights at L'Hotel Nina et Convention Center located in Tsuen Wan from 19th Sept.,2007. Booked 3 city view rooms from Hotel.de website. Room cost HK $ 800 about US $ 105 including buffet breakfast. We were given an upgrade to harbour view rooms. Requested and got non-smoking rooms even though we checked in around midnight .

we have just returned from this hotel , the room was fantastic. We had a sea view on the 34th floor. We booked the hotel with GT hotels they advertised the hotel as being on Hong Kong Island. We were initially a little disappointed in the location as the hotel is in New Kowloon bordering the new territories , the hotel is 30mins on the MTR to central station..... however the quality of the hotel more than made up for this. Breakfast was a little odd as with all hotels in China , however this was included in the room rate. There is still construction work going on as the second tower is not yet completed , we could not hear or see anything at all from our room. The airport is only half an hour from the hotel , taking a taxi to Tsing Yi $ 28 and the MTR to the airport $ 60 per person . Overall I would recommend the hotel but be prepared to use public transport to get around .

we enjoyed our stay here and would recommend this hotel. It is still a work in progress but our floor was fine. The hotel staff were nice , helpful and very polite. This was our first visit to Hong Kong so I was concerned with the room size. We had asked for an upgrade to a harbourview room and the request was granted. The room size was more than adequate and we felt it was as big as hotels rooms in the U.S. We had a safe in the room along with a hair dryer and small refridgerator. There were 2 queen sized beds that were very hard ! This did not bother us though , but what was strange was the lack of an alarm clock. T.V. was fine but not much to watch , but who needs that when you are in such a wonderful city ? The bathroom was fine and if you check our pictures you will see that it is seperated by a glass wall. If you wanted to you could take a bath and look out your window for a view. It has a large and deep tub and the whole room is rather modern .

