i stayed at 3 different hotels in Hong Kong during our vacation and this was the best of the 3 for pricing and location the other two were BP International and Guangdong Hotel . This hotel was on the Hong Kong Island side which was much calmer and more interesting than staying on the Tsim Sha Tsui side. It also provided easy access to Causeway Bay , Central , Times Square and Victoria Peak. There seems to be more of a nightlife on the Hong Kong Island side .

needed somewhere for just 2 nights and this place was perfect .

located on the Hong Kong island side , away from the hustling and bustling kowloon area. Tin Hau underground station is virtually opposite the hotel less than 2 mins walk so easily linked to major business centres and attractions. Tin Hau underground station however is not luggage nor handicapped friendly. So advisable to take taxi to Hong Kong express train station bound for Airport. Unless you travel light Nearby plenty of food but mainly serving asian food. Directly Opp is a small restaurant caters for &quot ; char chan teang&quot ; type .

our family of four including two kids aged 6 &amp ; 8 spent 2 weeks in HK at L'Hotel. This is our 2nd extended stay. We were there two years ago during Christmas time. This time we opted for a suite and was able to negotiate a good deal through direct emails with the hotel due to our extended stay .

excellent hotel with modern decor ! It is located across the street from the Tin Hau entrance to the MTR. It is within walking distance are a pharmacy Watson 's , fruit vendors , and streets lined with restaurants. Although the room was a little small which was expected , the amenities were amazing. The fitness center is located on top floor and overlooks the entire city ! Working out at night is a sheer pleasure with that view ! Plus , there is a rooftop pool !

the location of this hotel was great , the service and rooms were less then average at best. The breakfast buffet was ridiculously expensive. Free internet is available though. You can find better hotels with the same price. Not one I would return to .

we picked this hotel on the advice of a Hong Kong friend , and we quite liked it. It 's relatively luxurious , right across the road from a metro train stop , so convenient to everything , yet far enough from Central or Wan Chai to be out of the crazyness .

i stayed at this hotel for two months in 2006 and the return in 2007. I would say this is an excellent choice in terms of value - price. Hotels in downtown area are quite expensive and this hotel has reasonable prices , rooms are clean , spacious , modern and has good facilities , gym , rooftop swimming pool , restaurant , free internet at the lobby .

i stayed in the hotel for one night on a Saturday as I just came from Mainland China to see the city. I checked first the hotel website for prices 950 HK $ + VAT for Classic and compared them with some other websites lowest 702HK $ incl VAT for Superior room and figured out that their own site is the most expensive , so I called the hotel and was surprised when they even offered me a higher price ! 1050HK $ + VAT for Classic . Tried to get the same rate as on Agoda.com by explaining them that I would pay the same rate and they save commission but without success. So I booked it for 703HK $ incl VAT. The Hotel it self looks really nice and has a modern design. The rooms are nice but really small stayed in Superior King Harbor view but I just needed a bed to sleep for one night so it was exactly what I was looking for. If you stay for more than 2 nights and want to spend some time in your room this is not the right choice for you ! Only disappointment for me was the cleanliness of the bathroom , I found a couple of hair all over the place. And that is something I do not accept even when it is a cheap deal , cleanliness is a must ! After complaining I was moved to another room which had no hair in the bath room but overall did not look to clean in the bathroom. The roof top pool is a nice thing and has a great view but be careful it is freezing cold even when the outside temperature was around 26 degree. I did not try the restaurant as the lunch buffet looked not really good. Overall this hotel has a good location and for a price of 702HK $ in a DBL room it has an OK value for money for Hong Kong. If you are focusing not only on sight seeing but also on a pleasant hotel I would definitively recommend to invest a few dollars more and stay somewhere else .

if you can get a great deal maybe you will be happy. The hotel is right across from Tin Hau MTR Station , and that 's a plus , but visitors would likely not do anything in Tin Hau itself. Causeway Bay is within walking distance , but if you do n't know HK , beware that Causeway Bay is known as HK 's busiest area. I 'd rather stay at Harbour Plaza Metropolis , Harbour Plaza Hong Kong or Intercontinental Salisbury across the harbour for the same price .

stayed here on a business trip for 6 nights. To sum it up , it 's very basic , but not bad value for around HKD700 per night .

stayed here in July 08 as the last leg home from a European holiday. Missed our flight from London and ended up arriving a day later than what we had booked for , but the hotel was very cool about it and upgraded our room given we had paid for two night but would only stay one. Pretty generous when it was our fault. Hotel was very nice , modern and looked well maintained. Our room on the twenty-something floor was great - very luxurious and amazing views. It 's close to everything , metro station across the road , shops and restaurants everywhere. Gym and Pool on the top of the hotel were small but nice. I 'd love to stay here for longer next time .

we booked this hotel with Cathay Pacific and got a very competitive price for it compared to most of the other hotels in Hong Kong. Room on the 14th floor with a great view over Causeway Bay , clean , but very hard bed. If you like to get a soft bed - do not sleep here .

spent 5 nights in L'hotel last summer 2008 and beside that hotel is one step from Causeway Bay Metro stop and have few nice restaurants around , the place is really nothing special... rooms are basic , very small with ordinary bathrooms and breakfast was around 25 euro per person.free internet on hotel lobby and just on other side the street is great thai restaurant where u can try great food and spend lest than 15 euro .

we needed to stay in HK for one night , we usually stay in Excelsior but due to the exchange rate , it did n't make sense &amp ; we came across L'hotel .

stayed here for 3 nights in January 2009 during my 3 week visit to Hong Kong .

i picked L Hotel for a week 's stay in Hong Kong because it was recommended as a new , four star property located in the Causeway Bay shopping district. I felt short-changed and was a little disappointed with L Hotel in terms of its service and room quality. At best , it deserves only three and a half stars .

our hotel was very unclean. Our standard room looks very worn and the bathroom has very dirty floors and black mold growing in the shower. There is a strong odour of mildew from the shower curtain. The location is great - right next to Tin Hau station , but I would definitely not stay here again .

i paid $ 180USD for this hotel during Dec 07 , and I thought it was a bit too pricey , but then , it was a business trip and I found the room very spacious in HK standard , and it was very clean throughout the bathroom , the beds , the sheets , the towels. I like the fact that the hotel staffs are strictly enforcing the non-smoking policy and that 's good. This hotel is located within walking distance to Victoria Park , and MTR stations , and many bus stops , including bus stops that will take you to airport , which is awesome ! I am going back again in a couple weeks for leisure this time , and the rate now is $ 110 booked through Orbitz due to poor economy , and I think this is a great deal. I 'd not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone .

we stayed at this hotel during the last 1 1/2 weeks of 2008. We had booked a standard room but was pleasantly surprised when they upgraded us to a suite. But that positive aspect wore off quickly .

stayed here on the last leg of a 3 week trip through China. Hotel is very dated for a new hotel. Workout area is terrible. Pool was okay

we checked in for 4 nights for a birthday celebration. Our first night we noticed a rather bad &quot ; musty&quot ; smell however we were so tired from a half day travel , we put up with it for the night and escaped for a day of shopping quite early the next day. After returning , the smell was quite incredible and so we asked to be moved. A couple of room changes later we were moved to a smoking room and then a twin single bed room we were accommodated on the 37th floor in a room that was reasonably clean but most importantly did not smell .

the room was n't very clean , there were strange small bugs in the sink and also strange smell in the bathroom. I did n't feel comfortable in this hotel , it 's like 2 star .

positive :

good points :

great location , right across from Tin Hau MTR subway station - provides fast access to the whole city. Is a more residential area and offers a more pleasant street experience than having to deal with all of the hawkers in Kowlown .

stayed here recently. Good value for money. The location is excellent - across the Tin Hau MTR and within walking distance to Causeway Bay shopping areas - Sogo etc .

we booked our two night stay at L'Hotel through Skoosh , and everything worked out perfectly. The hotel staff was quick in answering any email inquiry I had , including how to get from the airport to the hotel .

we arrived tired after a long flight from London. It was just after the Chinese New year , I believe a quiet time for hotels , we were welcomed by very friendly staff and were upgraded to a suite on the 23rd floor overlooking Hong Kong and the bay. The room was very well appointed and very very clean and comfortable. We only stayed the one night as we were joining a cruise the next day. We did not eat in the Hotel but did see the restaurant on the first floor which looked very nice .

having been to HK numerous times I decided to stay in a part not visited before. This hotel is right opposite Tin Hau MTR station which is four short stops away from Central. So it is a bit outside the regular tourist area but very accessible. As I was there for a week this was not a problem .

after staying at the MetroPark Hotel in Causeway Bay , the L'Hotel was quite disappointing. This is not a 4 * hotel , more a 3 * . It 's located opposite the Metro Station which is good. The reception staff were polite and helpful. We found our room to be extremely cold and were told that the heat had been switched off , which I found surprising given that it 's winter in Hong Kong. The room was on the small side , but clean and the bathroom was an adequate size and clean. The bed was like a concrete slab and not very comfortable. I would not stay at this hotel again .

stayed at this hotel for several nights. Some general information :

i found the rooms above the norm , clean spacious with great views ... the staff on the other hand were anything but friendly or helpful , the restaurant was cramped , but the food was quite nice .... though a bit pricey .. .

the hotel has for the price we payed a verry good service ,staf at the reception is good and also in the restaurant are good in cleaning the table,s givving ansewers for youre questions , the rooms are clean and more then enough space for 2 people,the only min.point the swimmingpool and the bar and cafe where closed in the time we spend here but you can order youre drinks in the restaurant in the evening great hotel , we stayed herre infrom 13th 01 08 till 16th 01 08

stayed at the L Hotel in HK during the last week of Dec and first week

visited on October 07 - location was great - not too near the hustle and bustle - and just 5 mins walk from all the shopping anyone could need ! The park across the road gave us the space to relax on the way home and watch all kinds of sports on the way. Convenient for the MTR and buses also. One point to note - there is a massive sign outside saying 'BAR ' - we asked where it was - and the staff said they did n't have one - we asked on another day later on during the stay and was told it was within the restaurant , this was a little confusing to say the least - so we did n't bother. Rooms clean , staff friendly enough - although not that knowledgable. A pleasant stay all round

  The 8 of us stayed in 3 rooms for 3 nights. A nice clean hotel .

l'hotel is a great place to stay in Hong Kong. It is a neat little boutique hotel , there is not a lot of great shopping or restaurants around. However , it is a quick walk to Victoria park , which is nice. Conveniently located right across from an MTR stop so its a quick ride to just about anywhere in Hong Kong. Rooms are neatly decorated. The small rooftop pool and work out facility is nice as well. Free internet access in the lobby , but you have to pay for it in your room. We found it was best to buy it for the our whole stay for about $ 35. Never ate at the Hotel restaurant , because there is really no reason to when you 're in Hong Kong. Concierge was very helpful .

got very good rate on Wotif and it was very close to Causeway Bay so I did n't hesitate. When we arrived at the hotel we were pleasantly surprised by how new and modern the place looks. The whole building was built 2 years ago from what I heard , so it 's not some old formerly-nasty-but-refurbished building like a lot of places in HK are .

a group of us 14 people have just returned from a tour of China and Hong Kong. We stayed in six different hotels,all were excellent except L Hotel in Hong Kong .

my husband loves to visit Hong Kong and we usually stay at the three Marco Polo hotels in TST. But last week , we stayed at L'Hotel in Causeway Bay. It was a refreshing change. The air is cleaner , the streets are not crowded. The hotel room was smaller but it was very clean and they tried their best to make our stay most comfortable at less than US $ 100 a night , our room had a breakfast nook and a soothing view of a forested hill . There were very few English-speaking TV channels and the hotel staff were not very proficient in English but they were very accommodating the rate that we paid is for a smoking room on a floor not higher than the 11th. But when they learned that I have asthma , they gave us a non-smoking room on a non-smoking 22nd floor . It is a little out-of-the-way compared to TST but the MTR station across the hotel makes it very accessible . We were happy at the proximity of a Wellcome supermarket , a bakeshop and a Cafe de Coral. I was even able to get brand new items at a Salvation Army in Wing Hing Street two blocks away. We will stay at this hotel again , God-willing. Thanks to all the tripadvisor members who wrote good reviews about this hotel !

just back from a weeks stay in Hong Kong at L'Hotel. Just opposite Tin Hau MTR station so really handy for getting around Hong Kong. Rooms are good size- expected them to be really small - but more than enough room for two adults in a double room .

we stayed at L'Hotel for 3 nights in July as part of a package with Cathay Pacific , on the recommendation of our travel agent .

i stayed in this hotel from 05-10 Jul 2007. Overall , this hotel meets my expectations and value for money. The room is small but given it is in HK , it is reasonable. I stayed in 37th floor which have a great view on the The Peak and a small part of the harbour. The location is great. Opposite Tin Hau MTR , 1 stop away from Causeway and there are few restaurants and a 7-Eleven nearby. MTR fare from Tin Hau to Causeway is HKD4. Also , it takes about 10 mins of walking thru the Victoria Park to reach shopping area in Causeway. You can also experience Tram ride to Causeway. 5 stops from the hotel to Times Square. Tram fare is HKD2. One disadvantage that I found is that the hotel does n't have a covered front porch for guest to get down from car or taxi where make it difficult during rainy days. So happen that it is raining when I reached the hotel on my first day. The hotel staff had to run to me with an umbrella. Fortunately for me , no rain for the rest of my stay. The check-in is fast and the staffs are friendly. There also 2 PC for free internet access at the lobby. Did n't try their breakfast but finding food to eat in HK is never a problem. Enjoyable stay and recommended for those who want to stay away from the busy shopping area .

this hotel definitely for the people who want to stay near Causeway Bay but on budget .

i stayed two weeks in this hotel by the end of May. It â € ™ s a so-called harbor view hotel with no harbor view except you â € ™ re assigned to 36th floor or above. Regular room size is acceptable for a typical hotel in Hong Kong , but smaller than expected as what we â € ™ ve seen on their office website. Towels are somewhat dirty. Toilet seats are stained for the two rooms I served with my family , as photos showed by other traveler from this web. Bed size is good but bed sheets are not replaced daily for long stay clients. Hardwood floor instead of carpet in room would be a good design of avoiding smelly after years. However , it â € ™ s a bit noisy since there â € ™ s no carpet to absorb the noise. Residence from next door closing the closet door or banging the washroom sliding door produced noise in late evening. The sliding door is light and loose so everyone slams it on closing. Walls in room are stained unevenly , and doesn â € ™ t like a new hotel at all. Hallway is hot but elevator is cold. Some residence smokes on non-smoking floors , and sometimes even the elevator is full of smoking smell. Pool and exercise room closed very early. Sauna that mentioned on their website becomes invisible. I can â € ™ t find it in exchange room on 39th floor or no sign for it at all. Where is it ?

we booked this hotel as part of a package with Cathay Pacific where the flight from Amsterdam plus five nights cost little more than the flight itself. I checked online when we were there late May 2007 and standard rooms at this time of year were available for â ‚ ¬ 120 , given the location and quality of the hotel this is excellent value .

on my first trip to Hong Kong and Shenzhen. I had to stay in three different hotels , one in Shenzhen and two in hong Kong. This was the last hotel i arrived at and i thought it was the best of the three. The hotel was easy to find , right across from Tin Hau station. Check in staff were pleasant and polite and spoke good English. The room was large compared to the last HK hotel i had been in. It was clean and I really liked the decor. There was free internet usage in the lobby which i used at night when i couldnt sleep. Only once had the lunch buffet , i was pretty disappointed with it as it costs more at the weekend and the selection was pretty bland. All in all I could stay there again in my visit to HK but i have my eye on some other hotels in the area

i must say I was very pleased with my stay in Hong Kong at L'Hotel. I paid a fairly good rate , so good I thought I would be put on the lower floor with no view. WRONG ! I arrived fairly late from the airport and was expecting a room from the leftovers. WRONG. We got put on the 36th floor out of 37 ! with a view of Hong Kong , the harbor and Kowloon. It was an awesome welcome. The hotel itself is of unique design. The rooms are simply furnished yet stylish and spacious enough. For the 36 floors the elevators were quite fast. Had the breakfast buffet one morning. A bit pricey yet had a variety to choose from with both western and Chinese dishes. Tried dragonfruit for the first time. Hotel was quite immaculate. Staff were inviting and professional with a sincerity. Dining room staff seem a bit rushed and guiding you to a table without asking to sit somewhere else but I could 've cared less. Whatever flaws L'Hotel had I did n't see them or I simply forgot ! It must have been going to sleep each night with that beautiful skyline ! ! !

had a suite with a lounge area as well bath &amp ; 2 showers and for the price very good value

i stayed in L'Hotel Causeway Bay HK last February 4-9 , 2007. It was my first time to go to Hongkong and I liked the sleek modern design of L'Hotel .

unbelievable small rooms with even smaller bathrooms. Room dirty and had to ask for extra cleaning after first night. No real improvement over the entire stay. Hallways needed a good cleaning .

we were staying in Hong Kong for 5 nights and in two hotels as there were some trade events on in Hong Kong which meant that the room rates changed somewhat during the period we intended to stay. Of the five nights we were in Hong Kong , the first two were spent in L'Hotel 8th &amp ; 9th March , but I wish we could have stayed there for all five !

we stayed at L â € ™ hotel in Hong Kong for 2 nights in January. We had a special 50 Euro stop-over rate in combination with our Cathay Pacific flight .

when i first booked for this hotel. Since it 's just us $ 93 per night , i have n't expected comfort like 5 stars hotels. But Surprisingly L'hotel is in the very heart of HK , situated just opposite of Tin Hau Mtr station. Very convenient location , walk only 3 min to reach Victoria Park and another less than 5 min to reach Sogo , Causeway bay. Check-in is very efficient and fast , staff are very helpful and willing to assist. The room is surprising large and high-ceiling with even 3 telephones in room ! Toilet amaenities and water are complimentary everyday. I have to say L'hotel gives me unexpectedly good impression for the price under us $ 100. The only con is the restroom , the water in the flush running all the time after the first flush. When i notified the front desk , they sent staff to fix right away but after the first flush , the water kept running again...So i had listen to the sound of running water for the whole 3 days. And the seat cover has kind of stains that never go away. i tried to rub the stain off but it would n't come off. But since i did n't spend much time in the restroom , i have to say that i 'll definitely stay in L'hotel again. The price is so great and the location is perfect ! !

this hotel was perfect for our stay in Hong Kong. It was directly across the street from a MTR stop making transit around the city a breeze. The rooms were very clean and very modern. The staff was very professional. I have absolutely no complaints and would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Hong Kong in the near future .

thisis a good hotel. Very good value for HK , right next to the MTR station , views of the Harbour. Choice of TV is a bit limited but who needs TV when in HK ?

thoughoughly agree with the good reviews. Price , location and service were all excellent. Concierge wrote our desinations around town in chinese for us which really helped with the taxi situation .

stayed at L ` Hotel for 5 days in the beginning of January and was pleased to find it actually much better than we expected .

chinachem Corporation 's glass and steel edifice L'Hotel locally known as &quot ; L el Hotel&quot ; is a newcomer to the growing midsize 3- star hotel market on HK Island. Directly opposite Tin Hau MTR station , around the corner from its competition Metropark and a couple of blocks from the Rosedale , the building makes a striking contrast to the grey concrete blocks lining King Street .

my wife and I had arranged a very short 2 night visit to Hong Kong and we chose L'Hotel as it seemed to fit our needs .

my kids and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The hotel itself is lovely. As I was travelling with my kids ages 15 , 11 &amp ; 7 on my own I wanted to have them in an interconnecting room or at least in a room on the same floor as they said they could'nt accommodate all of us in one room. We did book 2 months ahead but they still told us they would not guarantee either. On check in the hotel said that none were available and the best they could do was put us in a king suite which meant that my 2 girls and I shared the king size bed and my son slept on the sofa. This was annoying but at least they were with me. The suite was very spacious and did have lovely views. As the hotel is relatively new , it felt to me like the staff were learning on the job. It seemed that lots of small things added up and ended up being extremely annoying. One that springs to mind is that when I travel I do n't like my room serviced , but even though I put the &quot ; Do Not Disturb&quot ; sign on my door , I would find my room cleaned and made up everyday , even after asking the staff not to ! As stated in other reviews , english at reception is a problem , although they are nice but it was very difficult to get the information I wanted and in the end I gave up and worked it out myself. Another problem was that I had booked this hotel based on the lovely pool seen in the pics as its hot and I thought that it would give my kids something to do , after a day shopping , well the pool is there and looks very inviting but its padlocked as the council has yet to give it approval. The location is nice and not as busy at Kowloon , which is what I was looking for but I think next time , we 'll stay around Admiralty as that is on the main line and doesnt require a change of trains , having said that it only takes a few minutes on the train anyway. In summing up , the hotel was very nice , but the service side of things really let it down .

we stayed two nights in this hotel in late July. The location was the best part - opposite the MTR so it was prefect for travelling around Hong Kong its so easy to get around the city and areas like New Territories . The hotel is also nice and close to Victoria Park and all the shops at Causeway Bay .

stayed here in August 2006. The hotel is obviously very new and is ideally placed for all the transport. Tin Hau MTR , the bus station and a tram stop are all right outside the door. The walk across Victoria Park to the main Causeway Bay area is fascinating and is probably one of my favourite memories of Hong Kong .

a modern , new , clean , convenient location. This hotel and it 's staff get 4 and half stars ! My three criteria for a nice stay are high pressure hot water showers , a comfy bed and quiet. It had all of those. The pictures are accurate. The rooms are reasonably well finished. A few corners have been cut. The AC is effective. Room service TICK. The only two downers were a very cheap and subsequently slow kettle and they have gone for the cheaper slow lifts. So expect to wait and then to get to know your fellow travellers ! ! ! ! We actually ended being upgraded to the harbour view suite. So this made our stay even more pleasant. The MTR Tin Hua stop is just across the road. I would definitely return. Ca n't go wrong .

