lan Kwai Fong hotel located on Kau U Fong , Central area in Hongkong is a tall business hotel .

stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in August 2009. Staff were extremely friendly and service was excellent. Excellent location. Was able to easily walk to places in Central like Queens St. The rooms are very tastefully decorated. Great view of the Harbour and ferries from the room. Room Service was excellent. We returned for one more night after coming back from Japan and the hotel upgraded us to a two bedroom suite which was extremely kind of them. Would definitely recommend this hotel. Best Boutique Hotel in Hong Kong .

this is a great boutique hotel on the HK Island side. It 's close to everything. The rooms are small but not as small as i thought it would be. It 's comfortable , clean and very nicely decorated. Great use of mirrors to make the rooms not so claustrophobic. Love the little window seats altho i had no time to enjoy it. There were many business ppl staying there when i was there as i guess it is close to all the offices. It 's all you need if you are in town for a holiday and not spending time in the room. Would use this hotel again .

had booked with Trailfinders everything went like clock work. made our own way from airport on the MTR train to Hong Kong Station where we were picked up by the free shuttle bus to the hotel. We arrived during the day so this was a good option. If you wanted to get a taxi it 's about HK $ 350.00. The reception desk area is only small but we had no problems with this either checking in or checking out , there is a lounge at the side where you can sit and wait for the shuttle bus or your taxi. We had a checkout time of 4pm which was great as we had a 18.50 flight. We opted for breakfast which is buffet style with a very good choice of fruit , cereals , pastries , meat /cheese cooked breakfast or Chinese breakfast. The staff working in there were especially nice despite the rudeness and arrogance of some of the other guests , not everyone wants to hear how quickly you need your coffee as you have an important business meeting to attend ! We ordered room service twice late at night this was very good and well priced , had the satay chicken and udon noodles , very nice. The room was very clean and we had fruit and a bottle of wine on our arrival , it was my birthday and they upgraded us to a Harbour View room from a City Delux room without our asking for this. We were on the 27th floor the lift was fine and we did n't have to wait more than a couple of mins for this there was never any delay and the lift was quick , yes it is small but there are 4 lifts and are people really in such a rush that they ca n't wait ? The room had an amazing view especially at night room 2706 it 's not a full harbour view as the hotel is n't on the front of the harbour , but what we saw was great. The location is perfect , it 's busy during the day couple of mins walk to the trams and buses and 10-15min walk to the Star Ferry , hotel is situated close to the Cosco building so this is a good landmark if you get lost. At night it 's much quieter and it 's nice to leave the busy streets behind. So many things to do in HK , the tram and the ferries are a good very cheap way to get about the trams are HK $ 2.00 for any distance so have a supply of coins ready. the ferries are also cheap buy your token from the machine before you get on. Take a good pair of comfy shoes and just walk , there is something unusual around every corner. Visit the Peak at night and during the day. Go to Lantau Island and climb up 286 steps to see the Buddha and have lunch at the Monastry. Vist Hong kong park and he Zoological garden. Look up and see the Black eared kites that circle the city , especially the windows of the 27th floor. We had a brilliant trip and hope to come back next year , would stay at the hotel again. Best thing about HK -is the people , polite and very helpful - enjoy

we found the receptionist very helpfuf and friendly. The location is excellent close to SoHo and very easy to reach from the airport. We had a Harbour View Room and the View was just great ! The room is comfortable .

i 'm writing this review late. I stayed here when it first opened. Awesome views of the peak and great location to SOHO and IFC. The hotel service was excellent and they had my bag carried up to my room per concierge .

stayed twice at this boutique hotel , had a pleasant stay both times. I have opted to book a Deluxe City View Room both times .

a buddy and I were recently visiting a friend living in Hong Kong he 's an expat banker who put us up in the Lan Kwai Fong hotel since it 's two blocks from his flat which was too small to house us and a fair price. We had a room on a higher floor which had a terrific view of the financial district. The staff at the hotel were very attentive and greeted us warmly each time we entered the hotel .

this was a great little boutique hotel in the centre of Hong Kong. Conveniently located near the metro station and shops .

my husband andI enjoyed our stay at LKF hotel very much. Beautiful rooms with excellent views of the harbor , especially at night when all the bldgs are lit up. All the furnishings and bathrooms are beautifully appointed and well stocked. People at the front desk were always very helpful and recommended places for breakfast , since we did not get the breakfast option. We just thought that was too expensive. This is in an ideal location and easily accessible to public transport and walking to several sites. EXCELLENT HOTEL

stayed in this hotel for three nights in August 2009 during our summer holidays. As we were staying for three nights the hotel upgraded us from a Harbour View room to a Superior Harbour View room on 31st floor lift went up to 33rd floor , room number 3106. The room was excellent with a large , very comfortable double bed and tasteful oriental style furniture. The large window facing the harbour provided great views .

stayed here a total of fourteen nights in past four months... would definitely recommend to friends and co-workers.. .

we stayed here for 3 nights , and it was a definite pleasure. It 's very clean and modern with oriental touches. The rooms are small compared with suburban hotels , but are very cozy. The staff was very helpful and recommended an excellent sushi restaurant around the corner .

we recently spent the first and last part of our honeymoon at the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel in the LKF district of Hong Kong. It was perfect for our needs , which was simply a nice , clean place to stay in a convenient location in the heart of the city. By far the best attribute of the hotel is its centralized location in the LKF district as well as the value for the money .

i 've stayed here a few times for both business and leisure , and it is really one of the best values in Hong Kong. Location-wise , it 's a 10 minute walk from Hong Kong Station where the airport express train stops , 15 minute walk from Central , 7 minute walk to the trams , and 3 minute walk to Hollywood Rd/SoHo bars and restaurants. The rooms are quite small , but very clean and stylish ; the amenities are excellent ; the staff is friendly and helpful ; and the breakfast buffet is quite nice .

i stayed at this hotel for three nights prior to a cruise .

for about ¬ £ 100 per night this hotel was great. I spent a long time researching hotels on HK Island and most , if not all are incredibly expensive ! The Lan Kwai Fong has a fantastic location and I would definitely return for the price. The rooms however are very small , but clean and functionable. Also has a very small gym .

i made reservations a few months before my stay as it was a special event and I wanted everything to be perfect. Vanessa Chung from the sales department was very attentive to my requests , communicated very well and was very professional and thorough in making sure all went well. my guests were delighted , the staff were very good , great attitude and helpful. An absolutely delightful stay , the rooms are small but that 's Hong Kong but very well appointed especially for female guests. it 's it cozy and with great details such as ipod docking station In our suite. The neighborhood is fun and very typical , with lots of funky shops and local stalls , quiet and yet very close to everything .

better than i expected. Upmarket location. Try &amp ; catch a deal with them by booking a little early. Must take the Harbour view rooms. 100-120 USD is a great deal. Eat around the hotel. Lot of nice places .

what a lovely room and what a lovel decor....this place had amazing decor... .

a trip to Hong Kong on business. My colleague and I initially thought we were going to be staying at the LKF by Rhombus , but it transpired that we were going to be at the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel , just off Aberdeen Street. I was slightly apprehensive given the traveller photos on Tripadvisor , as the hotel looked to be 'off the beaten track ' and the rooms looked , well , peculiar. However , it was fortuitous that we were staying at this hotel as the LKF by Rhombus is adjacent to the bars in Lan Kwai Fong. I ‚ Ä ô m surprised that anyone within close proximity has a decent night ‚ Ä ô s sleep due to music blaring out from the assortment of bars as they compete for custom .

seeing as it was my partner 's birthday while we were in Hong Kong , we decided to spend a bit more and have a plusher hotel. We enjoyed our stay. Our rate was Business at Pleasure which meant we got a cheaper price plus a bowl of fruit ! and a free massage thrown in. Our room was on the 10th floor which gave good views and there was a big window seat so we could sit and watch the goings-on in Hong Kong. The room was big , but the bathroom disproportionately small. The double bed was quite small too. I 'm 6.2&quot ; and my feet were right off the bottom ! The breakfasts were good - extensive and a good choice , plus a Chinese option too. Staff are fantastic. Nothing is too much trouble , and there 's a lot of them , so they all rush to help. Location is good , away from the CBD but still in easy walking distance and in an area which feels authentically Chinese rather than the corporate HK down the road. The free shuttle bus to and from the airport express train station was fantastic. They called us a cab for another trip and wrote the destination in Chinese for us to give to the driver - very helpful. Our only real gripe is you have to pay for internet , and it 's quite expensive. For the kind of hotel it is , and for the price you pay , you 'd expect it to be included - especially in such a technological city. Overall I would n't say we went away feeling we had value for money because it was still quite a lot compared to the same standard of hotels in other cities , but on the other hand we did n't feel we 'd overpaid either .

stayed for 5 nights to do sightseeing in HK. Room was on the small side but perfectly adequate and was clean , comfortable and well equipped. Was a harbour view room but about 60 % of view is restricted by other buildings so should have been called 'partial harbour view'. Hotel recetion and lounge area are very small and it can be crowded when several people checking in/out. Shuttle bus to and from station was very good. Main beef was the exorbitant prices charged for breakfast - definitely worth a walk to local cafes. Location of hotel is good for Star Ferry , seeing local culture and many good shopping centres .

we have just spent a wonderful 5 nights in this hotel. The staff were very attentive and helpful during our stay .

centrally located hotel. and as the name suggests , its very close to the Lan Kwai Fong street for hardcore partying .

the design is unique and comfortable. My friend and I enjoyed to stay in the room very much !

this hotel is very impressive on the internet. You will be greeted by a lovely reception , then it ends. I have placed visitors to HK in this hotel about 6 times and every single time there is an issue. Either they overcharge taxes , they charge double for internet , or they refuse to move guests to better rooms after the rooms are not clean. Overall , the rooms are crazy small and are terribly dirty. The whole room situation is a disaster .

the wife and I stayed for four nights as a base to explore Hong Kong. Our first visit to HK , we had debated whether to stay on the Island , or Kowloon side , and used Trip Advisor to help make up our mind. We certainly made the right choice. This hotel offered pretty good value as it goes in HK , and the location is just great. Hong Kong Island is definitely the best place to base yourself , and this hotel is at the centre of it all , with an excellent range of friendly bars and restaurants nearby , and most of the Island 's shopping within walking distance. Nearest MTR station is 5 minutes walk down the hill , but the better connected Central station is no more than 15 minutes walk. Star Ferry , Peak Tramway , Mid Levels Escalators etc all within walking distance .

very elegant and classy boutique hotel in HK. Small but tasteful deorated room .

recently I went on a vacation to hong kong and stayed in Lan Kwai Fong Hotel. the first impression of the hotel room was very clean , tidy and warm. the location of the hotel was perfect , i can easily gain access to restaurants , shopping spots and clubs. night life in hong kong was great fun ! the staff in lan kwai fong hotel was very friendly and helpful as well , they tried their best to show me what activities are good in hong kong , what transport to take and where to go. they made my trip more interesting and I discovered all sort of amazing hong kong life style. i would highly recommend this hotel cause it is just about everything you need .

very elegant hotel , though standard rooms are very small ; no space to put away large suitcases. Clean. Liked the interior decoration. Location is excellent for Hong Kong Central hip boutiques and restaurants. Reception staff friendly but not very useful. There was no heating in my room and since temperature was 10 degrees C , I complained , phoned housekeeping , but nothing happened , had to go down to reception , who reacted impassively until someone with more authority arrived. Eventually got an electric heater . But housekeeping reacted to complaint about defective drainage from washbasin immediately and repaired in record time. Good breakfast , good lunch and snack menu. Dining room adjoins beautiful covered terrace decorated with giant bamboo. Recommend you check there is heating or air-conditioning if going winter or summer before you book .

great place to stay. Small room , but so comfort , well decorated and great location in HK island .

i had no idea what to expect with this hotel. It was my first trip to Hong Kong and the most important thing to me was the location rather than the quality of the hotel , however this is a 3-4 * so thought it would fine .

ahh , after seven or eight trips to HK , at last I 've found my Hong Kong Hideaway .

my wife and I spent 5 nights last week at the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel and found it a delightful experience. We had a harbour view room on the 23rd floor and whereas the view is not unobstructed there is still plenty to see on the water and across to Kowloon on the other side. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful from those at the front desk , to the breakfast room staff and the nice lady who cleaned our room every morning while we were at breakfast. Speaking of breakfast it was very good. Served until 11am. Good variety including freshly made omelettes to order and good quality tea and coffee. We had never been in Hong Kong before but enjoyed it immensely. Lovely friendly people , efficient and cheap public transport and a sense of feeling very safe even walking around at night. The hotel is in a great location very handy for most things , including shops and restaurants , while still quiet at night. A 10 minute walk to the Star Ferry via the elevated walkway. Slightly shorter via the same route to the main bus terminus and also near to Central MTR metro .

stayed here as part of a deal package so did n't really choose the hotel , but it was fine .

i was truly delighted with the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel. The room standard , city view was definitely small , but very elegant. There were so many thoughtful amenities--nice soaps , shaving gear , toothbrush &amp ; toothpaste , bathrobes , slippers , fruit plate upon arrival , in-room safe , dimmer switch on the bedside lights , etc. A lot of thought had been given to guests ' comfort and convenience .

this was a good average price hotel. The rooms are small but that is normal for Hong Kong as land is expensive. The location is great to see the sites of Central Hong Kong and the main shopping areas. From this location you are close to the funicular railway which takes you to the top of Victoria peak which has the best views of the city and harbor .

we wanted a good quality hotel for our 2 night stay in HK at the end of our hectic trip back to the UK. Though by far not the cheapest hotel on HK island most definitely the best value for money in a very central location. Easy access to ferries , markets , tram and shopping. The room was gorgeous , lovely view , lovely decor and very comfortable bed. The staff were fantastic. They organised a great baby cot for my 1 year old and were attentive to my husband and I without being intrusive. My son loved the staff and they were so friendly to him , we felt so welcome. The place has a great little dining area , not the biggest menu but good food and drinks , again the staff were lovely .

this is a chic , clean &amp ; modern hotel , centrally located , with oriental decor throughout. The boys on the desk were very welcoming , helpful &amp ; friendly bless them , as were the staff in the bar &amp ; restaurant. The rooms are compact , but have a very luxurious feel ; ours had a harbour view which was stunning day &amp ; night. The hotel is located in SOHO , which is a cool &amp ; happening area just south of Central Station , which has plenty of great bars , restaurants &amp ; shops , as well as the antiques market. Behind you the hills with the zoo &amp ; botanical gardens &amp ; The Peak , below you the bustle of Central &amp ; the Piers. Less than a five minute walk to the trams , this is a great hotel in a fantastic location .

if location is key , then this is the hotel for you. You are close to a lot of nightlife and the mid-level escalators. Close to SOHO and Lan Kwai Fong neighborhoods. Amenities are ok , except that the bathroom soaps are too small. We got 2 slivers of soaps. The room itself is also very small. This hotel is slightly over $ 200/nite with taxes/service , which happens to be relatively inexpensive for this central area. Get what u pay for .

visited Hong Kong last month and stayed at a hotel called Lan Kwai Fong @ Kau E Fong .

if you stay only for one or two night in HK this hotel is a very good choice. Central location , just by the antiques 's street my favorite spot in Hong Kong . The staff welcomes you in a kindly way , are quick - wich helps ! - and efficent. Rooms are really tiny little , but accurate and clean. Anyway if you stay all day out around , the size of the room is not a priority. Bathroom need to be mentioned , they are small but they are really a little trasure of design and style. the breakfast is set in a nice terrace , with a cool and detailed atmosphere. A nice cozy hotel for a very reasonable price. For a longer stay in Hong Kong probably you go at Peninsula 10 time more expensive but for if we will overnight again in HK we will come back .

nice , new , boutique hotel in central Hong Kong. Rooms were clean and comfortable , staff was very friendly and helpful. They gave me directions , maps , etc. and arranged for early morning taxi service for me .

this hotel is tucked away in the old part of Central , surrounded by low rise traditional Hong Kong buildings and street markets and steps away from the mid-level escalotor and five minutes walk from SoHo .

on Hong Kong Island , the Lang Kwai Fong is superbly situated for exploring all aspects of this fascinating city. The &quot ; wet market&quot ; is only metres away , Queen 's Road a two minute walk , restaurants and bars abound in the vicinity. The rooms are immaculately well presented , and by Hong Kong standards are a good size. The staff could n't be more helpful and are very keen to ensure that all your needs are met. I really enjoyed my stay here , and it soon became &quot ; home&quot ; - a great place from which to explore Hong Kong - and be comfortable. I would come back here any time .

arrived late and exhausted in Hong Kong without having booked a Hotel and after getting to Central Hong Kong was kindy pointed in the direction of the Lan Kwai Hotel by the staff at the Four Seasons .

i mistook this hotel for the LKF by Rhombus which a friend had recommended. But it was only for 2 nights , so I stuck by the reservation .

this is a nice boutique hotel in a great location for central Hong Kong , it is located on a one way street and as mentioned in other reports taxis may try to drop you off at the bottom of the street leaving you to walk or struggle up to the hotel with your bags. However , taxis are very cheap so tell the driver to take you round the block and drive down the road , it might take some time if the roads are busy but it will only add a few dollars to your journey .

the pictures of the hotel on the wesite do not show actual size. Hotel rooms are very very small and u can not fit more than one big bag. THe location near lan kwai fong is a plus but taking taxi costs u a lot and thier shuttle bus runs only after one hour so u only have to take a taxi .

would have given the hotel a higher rating were it not for the fact that we were accused on arrival of being a day late and were told we would have to pay for the &quot ; no show&quot ; . Luckily I had kept all my e-mail correspondence with the hotel and it was a mistake on their part. Other than this and a lingering smell of cigarette smoke outside our room everything here worked fine. Good value for a HK hotel and this must be about the best area one could stay on the island - wlking distance of almost everything. The rooms were clean and everything worked. We got a better rate from the hotel direct than we got from agents - but dont pay for breakfast - many local restaurants and cafes nearby at a fraction of the price .

i stayed here for my last night in Hong Kong .

this hotel is a real dump.. .

boutique hotel , only seven rooms per floor. Booked a business @ pleasure special $ 1,900HK plus 13 % tax and service with a ‚ Ä ú deluxe harbor view room ‚ Ä ù . Room 2106 had maybe two slivers of harbor view. Our traveling companions scored the 33rd floor , with a balcony , and a real harbor view for the same price but a tiny , tiny room. We tried to get higher and looked at our same room on the 27th floor and it was no better. Don ‚ Ä ô t bother with a ‚ Ä ú deluxe harbor view ‚ Ä ù price. Very small rooms , desk , one chair , mini-bar , safe , Kleenex , wash cloths , nice towels , bathtub with two great showers. Room lighting very dim , lamps on each side of the bed but controlled by a switch on one side of the bed .

we stayed at the Lan Kwai Fong as a stop over for 3 nights in Hong Kong on our Honeymoon to Australia .

i stayed at the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel last December. I was a bit apprehensive to stay there because of several negative reviews which I 've read after the booking had been made. When I arrived in Central , I had to look for the hotel because the airport transfer service which I booked did not drop me off in front of the hotel. Luckily , the hotel is located about 2 minutes away from the main street. I was greeted by very courteous people from the front desk. Service was prompt and I was led to my room which featured this charming oriental theme. The room size is just right. Even if I had brought a companion , I do n't think it would be too cramped. I also liked the bathroom. One of my concerns before the trip was the availability of hot water in the shower. I 'm glad I did n't have a problem with that. Overall , my stay had been a pleasant one. I would n't hesitate to stay there again if I have business to attend to in the Central area .

it is a great budget hotel in the most fun part of HK. Fantastic location with easy access to the Central. Great restaurants and shopping as well .

we had decided tot celebrate New Year 's Eve in Hong Kong and had already booked a room in the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel when we read the negative hotel reviews on Trip Advisor. We were extremely worried about what to find upon arrival , especially the lack of hygiene caused me sleepless nights .

note  there are two hotels in Hong Kong by the same name. This one is just off of Wellington St , on Aberdeen. It 's a 10 minute walk from the LKF nightclub area .

loved this hotel , one of the bes accomodations ive stayed in asia. Usually we 're not &quot ; hotel people&quot ; and we spend time only in the hotel for sleep , but at LKF hotel we enjoyed the facilites there so much that we spent more time in the hotel than originally planned , which meant sacrificing other activies but no complains from us there .

we knew we were on to a bad deal when we noted the reaction of the first few locals we came into contact with as soon as we mentioned that we were staying in the &quot ; Lan Kwai Fong Hotel&quot ; . Extortionate and overpriced were two adjectives used among tuts of dissaproval .

is THEFT A PROBLEM HERE ?

the only plus to the place is the central location- however

i am staying frequently in HK for business and usually choose hotels in the price range up to 150US $ . This time I was on a vacation with my girlfriend , so I chose a higher priced hotel with a nice harbor view. My room at the hotel was the deluxe room with harbor view , 247 US $ + + a night , incl. Breakfast .

i had bed bug bite in room 1304. I seriously question the sanitary of this hotel. Do n't stay there if you have other options .

the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel more than met our expectations of a Hong Kong hotel .

so    .

i 'll definitely stay here again. The location is great. It 's within walking distance of the Lan Kwai Fung and SoHo nightlife areas. The hotel staff was very friendly. I could n't have been happier with my room. It was decorated so nicely and was very comfortable. The mini-bar and high speed internet made it convenient for work. I do n't think they had room service though which would have been nice. There is a restaurant and a workout room in the hotel. I loved it because of the location and the comfortable rooms .

the beds are SO hard I woke up in pain every night. The floor is literally softer than the bed ! Problem is the rooms are so small that you can not find the floor after you put your suitcase on it .

lan Kwai Fong Hotel is not a boutique hotel. Yet , it is a good choice for budget hotel if you must stay at Lan Kwai Fong area , Hong Kong 's bar and nightlife mecca .

great location for a short stay in Hong Kong. A short walk from the ferry terminals and IFC mall together with the bars of Soho .

amazing Tower in the middle of traditional Hong Kong. Rooms small but perfect. Nice furniture , nice people. You get for your money. It 's not a budget hotel but it is better than other more expensive. A real boutique hotel .

just ok. Stayed 3 days on business. Room nicely decorated , interesting urban view , quiet. Good tv , fridge , etc. Small-ish but that 's typical in hk. Room service menu pretty limited - just snacks. Service was where they dropped points. Very slow to respond to requests. Then housekeeping managed to remove and misplace one of my items despite my specific request they not do any cleaning - inadvertent but still a hassle. When I asked for a cab to the airport , the bellman just piled all my stuff on the public sidewalk and then disappeared to help somebody else .

all around bad experience at the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel : extremely small rooms , it says queen bed but it is a hard double bed ; clueless reception staff ; at what they call their cafe/restaurant bad slow service ; extremely slow internet and very very expensive ; staff tried to steel from the room at check out , I had to confront the manager for my missing camera case for it to suddenly miraculously reappear ; they say they have a shuttle to pick you up and bring you to the airport express but it was out of commission whatever that means ; the only good thing about this hotel is the central location but that 's it. My advice : stay somewhere else !

this hotel is great. Close to everything - only a 5 min walk to bars of lan kwai fong but far enough away to not have any noise , and also only 5 mins to central. The rooms are a bit on the small side but it is Hong Kong ! The rooms are beautifully decorated in a chinese/japanese theme and the staff are very helpful .

this charming little boutique hotel is in a great location just a short walk from downtown central . I stayed with my boyfriend who was visiting for the weekend and we were very impressed with the room and the service for the price. The contemporary asian decor is fabolous , I had previously stayed in the Mandarin Oriental and actually found it quite similar ! Very quiet and cozy. The design and overall ambience make up for the smaller size of the rooms. A perfect choice for your first visit to hong kong because of it 's tasteful style and great location !

my wife and I stayed at the Lan Kwai Fong Hotel on our honeymoon and we absolutely loved it. They make excellent use of space the rooms are quite small , but is to be expected in Hong Kong , and the interior design is quite nice for the money. The room was clean and the staff helpful. It 's a tall skinny hotel about oh 28 stories tall or so , but I think there 's only like 6 or 7 rooms on each floor. I read another review on here that said it 's not technically Lan Kwai Fong which I had thought too when I was staying there. It 's just a few minutes walk away though , and this would n't be a reason not to stay here. You 're just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of Central , but it 's quite accessible by foot. We walked into Central all but the times we checked in and out .

