we have a ten night stay at this amazing and wonderful hotel. The staff made us feel like we at home or even better than home. Very helpful and courteous. Though the room was small , the amenities made up for it. Comfortable blissful beds , large flat screen television , rain showerhead were all great. Even better was the fitness center and swimming pool with one of the best locker rooms I have ever been in .

huge rooms , great beds , fabulous service. Great buffet. They have quad share rooms which are queen and two single beds. There were 7 in our travelling family so we fitted into 2 rooms instead of having to book 3 so even though the rooms are a little pricey they are huge and well appointed. Everyone was comfortable in a proper bed no rollaways needed. Close to the Ladies Markets. A bit of a pain to negotiate the Langham Place shopping centre to get to the subway train as always seemed packed with people .

have stayed here twice and recommend the visit. Staff are very well trained and quite friendly , even taking the time to assist my poor Cantonese. Only ate breakfast at the Hotel , however it was more than satisfactory .

already had high expectations based on previous tripadvisor reviews. These were exceeded. We had a Sweet Place suite which worked well as we were travelling with our 21 year old son - who effectively had his own room. As well as an extra room and bathroom this gave us access to the lounge. The rooms and facilities were beautiful and the staff unfailingly helpful and polite actually like almost everyone in HK . Would certainly recommend LP .

we stayed at the Langham Place in Mongkok for 3 nights in the middle of December .

prices below are all in USD equivalent .

we arrived early in the morning so left our luggage with a very efficient concierge whilst setting off for a trip to the races Sha Tin - great way to spend the day if you can spare it .

we stayed here for 3 nights on our honeymoon and due to suggestions on this site we booked a room on the Club level. It was probably worth it but we did n't really take advantage of the inclusive afternoon tea and evening snacks and wine. That said , we did use the free internet and the gym and rooftop pool. These latter were superb.. .

we have stayed at the Langham Place Hotel now three times , still very happy with the hotel. We normally book the Essential Place room as it has a separate bath and shower , as well as better views as the rooms are higher up .

i stayed at this lovely hotel for our honeymoon this past November and I must say my wife and I were extremely impressed by the hotel. The hotels ' location was excellent as it afforded easy access to the MTR station , shopping and eating. My wife just loved it , being able to shop at midnight not so much for me though : . Anyhow , we were lucky enough to get upgraded to one of the nicer rooms on the 29th floor which was absolutely amazing. Everything about the room was great and text messaging via an ip phone is also included. We also used the rooftop pool along with a hot bath soak that they have in the changing rooms. While we wanted to use their spa services , it was a bit pricey , considering you could walk across the street and get the same service for considerably less , albeit the surroundings may not be as nice. But I 'd rather have 5 services than 1 in a nicer place..The staff were also very helpful and when we go back next year , we are definitely going to be staying at this hotel again .

langham Place is so convenient ! It is located right above the Mong Kok MTR Station .

as a business traveller I 'm staying for more than a 100 nights a year in different hotels. Usually I write reviews only if there 's something going terribly wrong .

the hotel is well located near the MTR. The staff were very helpful and we used the Hotel Transfer Service to and from the airport. The room was clean and well equipped on the 31st Floor. It partially overlooked the harbour but the night views of Hong Kong were brilliant ! I asked for a non smoking room when I booked which we got. The room was clean and well stocked with bathrobes , slippers and toiletries. The staff were all very helpful and we had a very pleasant stay at the hotel .

again , i 'm really suprised by all the amazing reviews. This place is n't that great .

after reading the positive reviews on this site , I booked 3 nights in oct 2009 , at Rs.8000 a night without breakfast. A little steep $ 200 a night , but I decided to go ahead . We always wanted to visit china , and on a short notice Hongkong island was the choice as Indians have visa on arrival. hongkong airport is simply out of the world and huge considering its just an island. We had a little tough time finding an ATM at the arrival lounge before immigration. Immigration was orderly , getting a cab ride to mongkok , where the hotel is located was simple. Though its a chinese territory , all signs are in english as well , so getting around is very easy. Upon arrival to the hotel we were recieved by the bellboys and a lovely usher who escorted us to the reception. I had requested for an early checkin while booking. The pleasant receptionist did try to sell me a costlier room if I wanted to check in early. I declined and informed her about requesting the shift manager personally on the phone for an early check-in and was asked to wait a while. There 's the langham place mall connected to the hotel and mongkok has many good places to eat and shop. The mall food court had a nice french deli and a starbucks. We had breakfast while we waited. Though I was told that it could take a couple of hours , to our delight , an hour later the receptionist informed me that she could settle us in on our 32nd floor room. I did request a room high up so we could have a view of the harbour.The rooms of standard size but very chic and modernly done. They cater to both business guests and tourists. the huge glass window overlooking mongkok and the harbour was a big plus. We were particularly amazed at how brightly the hongkong skyline was lit even late in the night. Wonder if they are energy saving lights : . If you 're in hongkong , you must try out the local street food. There 's a nice dimsum place called the shanghai with english speaking servers very hard to find in hongkong unless you 're in a premium hotel like the langham place . We once ended up walking deep into the streets to the famous dimsum tea house for another round of dimsums but they were fully booked. So , when we walked down the street we were shown into a street joint with only chinese menu by a loud woman. We landed there and no one could speak english. A couple of friendly ladies , who spoke some english helped us choose our noodle soups. The food was YUMMY and filling. The loud woman waved back at us on our way out and we thanked her. The langham place mall has a big food court serving a lot of asian food. The sushi place was amazing. The room service was prompt and very efficient. The best part , water was included in the room charge. The night in hongkong is the best part , and the harbour reminds you a lot of New York city. The peak was amazing with the breathtaking views of the hongkong skyline. The sky tower was no great shakes instead we decided to take a window seat at the bubba gump shrimp restaurant , munching on our favourite sea food and enjoying the great views of the island. Hongkong is alive late into the night with youngsters shopping and eating out. People love to eat here and restaurants are always open for business till late in the night. In spite of all the action on the streets they are spic and span. No wonder hongkong is the business capital of the east. We would love to go back to the langham place .

this is the second time staying at the the langham place mongkok the first time was good in a club place room so thought wed give it another go in the same room type arrived early evening at 7pm to be told my room was not ready at 7pm ! ! ! ! after a long flight through doha from london this was not what i wanted to hear and have never heard in all my years of travelling. eventually i was found a room at the end of a corridor near the fire escape smelt of smoke tv broken and bed very hard i was not impressed to say the least the hotel was full so no chance of moving. the club lounge now has become a zoo for people just to get as drunk as they can the staff also not as attentive as the first time. the hotel seems to be the cheapest now around for people to stopover on long haul routes to austrailia , im afraid to say that i would never stay at the langham place hotel again there is much better around even if it does cost a little more .

fantastic 5 star hotel , with very friendly and knowledgeable staff throughout. It is a palatial place , plenty of room , great facilities. Breakfast choices were many , quality superb. We arrived around midnight , very welcoming front desk .

as long as this hotel is within your budget , there is no need to look at any other option. Everything was faultless .

i was quite taken aback by the many positive comments on this page. So much , in fact , that I rechecked that we were talking about the same hotel .

my 30-hour layover in Hong Kong was made extraordinary by this place. It is the most amazing hotel EVER. I stayed @ the club level , and was upgraded to a suite. The food , the drinks , the view , the service were magnificent. Words fail .

the Langham Place is a fantastic city hotel with great facilities. We stayed for 5 nights in November in a club place room. Our room was large and comfortanbe and had all the things that a traveller would need .

great service , incredible view , mall &amp ; subway station connected via covered footpath. The hotel restaurants and bar had great food and wine. Could n't ask for anything more , really .

absolutely loved the Langham Place , would definitely stay here again ! Stayed here for four nights in a &quot ; Essentials Place&quot ; room with my wife for our honeymoon .

stayed at the Langham for 3 nights. Having already stayed here from when the hotel first opened i believe in '04 or '05 Originally booked into the lowest type of room , but when i arrived i realised i should have booked the next room up. The reason for this is the lowest type of room has a small tv and shared bath/shower , where the next level room has a larger 32' ' plasma and a separate bath and lovely shower with both normal nozzle and rain shower functionality .

i have frequent this hotel for the last 3 years because this hotel is the most affordable &quot ; 5-star&quot ; hotel. The accomodation is still great but after 3 years I could see the difference in service and the physical attributes. First , I still love this hotel for it 's cleanliness and location. The rooms are great size for HK standards , and this time they put me on harbour view side. During the last 4 times I have been here , they put me on the city view side. Besides being smoggy all the time , I still love seeing the hazy harbour .

we stayed here in November with my daughter 21 month and we could not fault the hotel. The staff could not do enough for us and the hotel was spotless. Great location near all the markets and the underground , there is even a shopping mall attached to the hotel which was great for food .

after reading all the rave reviews on the Langham Place , I was expecting an exceptional hotel. However , when our taxi was approaching the hotel around 8pm , I was a little uneasy to learn the area might be a little too &quot ; colourful&quot ; for us .

staying at the Langham Place puts you in the heart of Mongkok - arguably the real Hong Kong. A few minutes walk will take you to the various markets - Bird , Goldfish and Ladies - with the Temple Street Night Markets and the Jade Market being only marginally further on .

we were really excited to be staying at Langham Place , but on arrival our room 1902 was not ready .

what a place the Langham is. The rooms , while small are very modern and very comfortable. The beds are super soft and the bathrooms are fairly roomy with a nice shower , bathtub combination. You can even listen to the television through a speaker while in the bathroom ! The hotel itself is gigantic. The pool and spa are awesome. The pool , located on the top floor , has panoramic 360 degree views of Hong Kong. There are two very nice bars , one on the second floor of the hotel , and the other up top by the pool. The 2nd floor bar serves afternoon tea which is a nice experience. The hotel is connected via a walkway to a mall , which is massive. You can find any kind of food or shops in the mall including a McDonalds ! The breakfast buffet the hotel served was horrible , especially for the equivalent of $ 30 US a person , but going right through the walkway to the mall you will find a DeliFrance bakery which had cheap but delicious omelettes , breakfast sandwiches , and other traditional breakfast options. The hotel 's other restaurants include a very good Japanese restaurant , and two Chinese Restaurants , one which holds two Michelin Stars and the other with one star. While the location is not within walking distance of much , there is a subway station in the mall and to get to central Hong Kong Island where Victoria Peak and other attractions are , is only four stops from the hotel. There are not a lot of obvious food options outside the mall or hotel so plan your trip accordingly. The hotel is near the Ladies Market which does have several cheap restaurants but other than that , choices are few and far between .

what more can I say ?

loved this hotel. Location is great as it is away from the maddening hordes by the water and we get to see a little bit of HK. Rooms were well designed with great bed. Highlight was definitely roof top pool and spa - which were free. Hidden gem was the hot tub in each of the change rooms. heaven .

arrived on a Sunday afternoon from the airport the employees at the transfer desk of the hotel were very helpful , although if not on business trip , I would rather take a normal taxi instead of the limo service . Personnel in the hotel noticeably kind in a pleasant way , very good english spoken at reception no real surprise here .

this hotel is amazing ! Fantastic staff , good location for shops and getting into Central but most of all it has the best roof top swimming pool with bar and jacquzzi ! Also great views from the rooms. It made by stay in Hong Kong most pleasurable indeed !

i was thrilled with this hotel ! I wish I could give it 6 stars. First of all , it is well worth the money to pay for a club room. The club room has assistance with checking in and out. When we arrived , they brought us to the club and we had free included in price coffee , cheese plate , and chocolate , along with great views. There is also a small business center there. The club has a couple massage chairs and a fish tank. They have a tea and a happy hour. There is 24 hour food and drink in the club. It is great. You can get breakfast in the club or downstairs. The club breakfast was great , but there was more food downstairs. For breakfast downstairs and some at the club they have fresh juice of all sorts - watermelon , carrot. They have noodles , turnip cakes , dim sum , along with all the regular stuff. It was amazing. The staff downstairs was just OK , one guy was rude. The hostess was very nice .

i stayed here with my friend in late September .

we stayed at the Langham Place for a week in mid November in the Residential Suite on the 38th floor overlooking Hong Kong harbour. The sights were amazing and the room like a home away from home , on a great deal through the hotel website really worth checking the hotel website for any special offers . Staying in this suite we we 're entitled to all the &quot ; bells &amp ; whistles&quot ; the hotel offers which really was the cherry on the top and well worth it. The hotel is in the perfect location with easy access to the underground train system to get around and the Langham Place Mall , let alone all the local markets where we got some amazing deals. The staff are incredibly helpful and friendly and are always smiling. Access to the Club L is well worth it , not only in the lounge but also the late check out option and a buffet breakfast included. The Lounge has a great selection of drinks and snacks , is comfortable including the massage chairs that were used almost on a daily basis. The price of alchohol through room service is really expensive , rather take a walk to the Market Place shop in the Langham Place Mall and buy your own for a fifth of the price. Would recommend the Bubba Gump restaurant at the top of The Peak on Hong Kong island and the Great Budda was amazing .

the Langham Place is a great new hotel well situated down town next to a large shopping centre and close to Nathan Road , well worth a look.I have stayed at this hotel on a number of accasions and will continue to go back .

this is a top end business/tourist hotel on the mainland near the ladies marketin Mongkok. It has everything you would expect with a few benefits like the rooftop pool and the location in the heart of the action. We stayed in a club room which has the benefits of food and drinks freely available day and night as well as free internet access. We did n't try the spa as it looked pricey and there are a million and one others in HK. The food in the main restaurant was exquisite and breakfast a site to behold , if they have it order the beetroot ravioli .

i 've stayed at LP plenty of times but this was the first time I 've stayed in a Chuan Suite. I picked the Nirvana Suite which was a corner room. They feel a little smaller than the regular suites but I think this is because the bathroom is much much bigger !

i 've been several times in this hotel and I really enjoyed my stay .

excellent all round , club floor well worth the extra cost. HK is easy and cheap to get around so location not a massive factor .

i just returned from 5 nights at the Langham Place and it certainly did not disappoint. When I booked on their website I arranged for a limousine transfer and that was a very civilized way to begin my stay , especially after 18 hours of travel time. Money well spent ! ! The check in was done in room and the &quot ; Angel&quot ; that handled all the paperwork for me was incredibly sweet &amp ; patient especially in dealing with my jetlagged brain .

we stayed in Langham Place on our way back from a show in China for one night and we wish it had been longer. The rooms themselves are not massive but they are fine for all the time spent in them , they are clean with very modern gadgets. The location is great for getting a feel of Hong Kong away from tourists - there are fantastic markets in the area which are well worth a walk around. The staff are very friendly particularly Elaine who greets you at reception - the bar and restaurant staff are very polite and helpful. The greatest thing about this hotel is the food , the dinner and breakfast buffet are fantastic and worth every penny. So much choice and it all tastes great. We had a quick walk around the gym , spa and rooftop pool and they looked great.. We will definately be returning to Langham Place for a visit .

we stayed at Langham Place for 5 nights , the staff and check in was excellent. The rooms are large on Hong Kong Standard. We stayed in an executive suite with access to the executive club which is well worth the extra dollars. Unlike other clubs the drinks were accessable all day , not just 6-8 or the likes. The ming restaurant on the 6th floor is well worth a visit although not a cheap alternative but concidering the hotel standard not over the top. In our room we had a microwave , coffee machine and tea making facilities which was hidden behind sliding doors. Our room was on 38floor with great views , overall a great hotel to stay .

this hotel is just superb. I 'd had it recommended to me by a work colleague and decided that even at the price , I should give it a go. We arrived late from Australia 11pm and were immediately whisked through the very interesting street level lobby , into a lift to Reception , checked in and taken to our room. From the moment we arrived to the time we were in our room would have been no more than 5 minutes and were passed from staff member to staff memeber who NEVER stopped smiling. Our whole stay was made so comfortable by the staff , the quality of the hotel and fantastic food in the Langham Place Shopping Centre .

we arrived late at night and had to set up an event. The staff went out of their way to do this and nothing was too much truble. At the event , the service was great and food above the average. The location is superb - a stone 's throw from Nathan Road and the TST station. Also great for the Star Ferry. This hotel is all class and I would recommend it to other business users. The event packages are good and they have a good range of room sizes .

i stayed at the Langham place for a long weekend at the start of November , luckily with the travel industry friends discount. When checking in we upgraded to the next grade of room ca n't remember the name for only HKD $ 150 a night. The room was so lovely with amazing views of the harbour and fantastic little touches like a dvd player and ipod dock -oh and the shower was so powerful it was like a massage ! The spa facilities are great , and the roof top pool/jacuzzi are great but my favourite was the oriental hot tub which was so relaxing. The Place buffet for breakfast is pricey but I would say definitely worth a visit once when you are there. I would totally recommend it everyone as it is great for couples , families - anyone. I ca n't fault the location - it is inside a great mall with fantastic shops and a big food court and a station at the bottom .

we had a wonderful time at the Langham Place hotel. We stayed at the club floor. Very nice rooms , superior service !

stopped in HK for a few days and found the Langham Place hotel. This is better then many other world class hotels that I have stayed in such as many Pan Pacific hotels. The spa is just sensational !

my new husband and I stayed at Langham Place in Mong Kok on the first leg of our honeymoon. The hotel deserves its 5 stars , everything was perfect , I can not think of anything to improve our stay there. The room and bathroom were well equiped , spacious and of very high quality . The service and staff were excellent , nothing was too much trouble. We upgraded to the Club L facilities and they were worth every penny. The rooftop pool was lush. I would highly recommend eating in the Ming Court restaurant as the food was absolutely delicious. If we were ever to go back to Hong Kong we would definitely stay at Langham Place , it was simply one of the best hotels we 've stayed in .

the Langham Place Hotel is very conveniently located in Mongkok , just a handful of MTR stops away from Central station. First impressions are great , and the views from every floor are outstanding .

i adore Langham Place in Mong Kok. I always stay in a Residence Suite with a kitchen. The hotel is clean , the service and staff attentive and friendly. The club room on the 36th floor makes a wonderful breakfast and one can always visit the club for a free diet coke , beer or wine. The view is wonderful and the top floor Spas professional and relaxing. Sometimes the Internet is a tad weak , but despite this I love this hotel. Very easy access by taxi to Kowloon and Hong Kong .

the best hotel in Hong Kong ? I certainly hope not. A good value , sure , but the

i spent four nights here , two by myself and then my husband joined me. The service was as good as the reviews suggested. The front desk staff were really helpful in getting a room ready on a high floor by noon as I requested. I liked the pool as it has a great view and comfy loungers , laid back staff and shade or sun as you prefer .

this hotel can not be faulted. We paid Â £ 191 per night for a club level room which was so worth it. club lounge was fantastic - premium drinks all day and full breakfast in club or downstails downstairs had so much choice was lovely , afternoon tea and evening canopes which were all delicious .

stayed at the Langham Place not to be confused with The Langham which is much grander for 7 nights during a recent business trip. Have stayed in several of the Kowloon side hotels over the years and have to say this is one of the best .

just spent 4 nights at Langham Place and it was a top experience in every way .

having read the posts on Tripadvisor about Langham Place over the past six months we were looking forward to staying at the Hotel during our trip to Hong Kong and we were not disappointed at all .

we stayed at the Langham for 3 nights with the intention of discovering the &quot ; real&quot ; Hong Kong. It 's a great location , which motivates you to explore Kowloon as well as its less authentic and glitzy cousin Hong Kong Island. From here you can easily explore all the main markets and neighbourhoods. Clearly , you do need to see the island and the ferry is only 10 minutes by metro or bus , both of which provide such a good service we refrained from our normal taxi only rule. The hotel is attached to a major shopping mall , which gives it a feeling of enormity. The service is great , particularly if you take the club option do , its great value . There is an excellent view from the club lounge , which is a haven after a day in this crazy city. The inclusive drinks and buffet are better than most VIP lounges. Best of all , the club concierge Jakal his name , was absolutely brilliant and provided us with a real insight to Hong Kong. With his advice we really did see the city from a different perspective , whilst still taking in the main features. We had a suite , which was spacey but had a decor that was a little dated. Do n't let this put you off .

spent 5 nights here in September - rooms are adequate with lovely bathrooms and certainly grow on you as you stay. We loved the location as Mongkok gives you a bit more of a local flavour. You are also close to Ladies Market and next door to the Langham Place Shopping Mall which we loved. it has n't got your luxury brand names but more trendy fashion and accessories as well as plenty of local food stalls do n't expect McDonalds , although there is a Starbucks .

just spent four days at the Langham Place Hotel. From the check-in to the departure , everything at this hotel was great. The front desk staff were always helpful and made great recommendations on things to do. The room was clean and spacious. The city view from our room was fabulous .

my girlfriend and I stayed at Langham Place , Kowloon in October 2009 on the recomendation of the reviews on tripadvisor , I can honestly say everything we read about the hotel was true .

this hotel was great , rooms were lovely , location was perfect and the service excellent , you should consider paying the little bit extra to use of the L club , its well worth it for the free drinks and food and of course the fantastic city views .

we stayed three nights here in January 09. The hotel was more than we expected. We were on the concierge level 40th Floor and the views were incredible. The rooftop pool was fabulous and the concierge lounge had wonderful food and treats available most of the time. The massage chairs in the lounge we the best I have ever experienced. The location was great for a feel of the &quot ; real&quot ; Hong Kong. We took the free neighborhood tour that the hotel offers and it was wonderful. The Dim Sum restaurant in the hotel was the best we have ever had. The room was not large but very luxurious with all the amenities you would expect. The glass walled elevator was thrilling. The Mercedes ride to the airport was great too. We will always stay here whenever we return to Hong Kong. I could n't recommend this hotel more !

rooms were very cush and immaculate ! Great service , great staff !

i 'm not surprised this hotel is currently no. 1 in Hong Kong ! As a traveller , I ca n't afford to always stay in the top and most expensive of hotels and when booking a hotel , I generally look for good reviews on cleanliness and customer service and you get that all here .

ultra modern , efficient yet comfortable. Handy location in Mongkot , with access to the Langham Mall for the timid , and just of Nathan Road and near the Lady Market madness for the brave .

we stayed 4 days at Langham and we liked it a lot ! It is very close to the subway 3 blocks and very close to the ferry to HK island. In front of the hotel there is a shopping mall , which is very convenient. Hotel is very modern and it has free computers with internet service. It also offers complimentary breakfast which has typical chinese food. Very good by the way. Hotel is clean and neat and has restaurantes inside. But if you really want to taste chinese food , try dim sum just one block from the hotel , same street. It Â ´ s a place for local people , but they serve excellent chinese dim sum .

location - Langham Place is a not-quite-5-star 42-story hotel in the Mongkok district of Kowloon , across the bay from Hong Kong Island. While you are a subway ride away from the main part of the city , you do get a good view of the best skyline from a high floor , though it is partially obstructed by a couple big high rises in between. You are just a couple blocks from Nathan Street , about a 15 minute walk from the overhyped , touristy , and not-really-worth-a-visit Temple Street Night Market , and , we inadvertently found out , a block from the Portland Street Red Light District , filled with strip clubs , sex clubs , and prostitutes , along with a nice noodle bar for cheap eats. There is a laundromat a few blocks away , and the shopping mall next door has a subway station in it which is convenient. Hong Kong is a 10-minute subway ride , and Lantau Island is about 25 minutes by subway .

i booked this hotel based solely on Trip Advisor reviews and was not disappointed. Staff were friendly and helpful , the Essential Place room was a good size , the bathroom fabulous with a luxurious big shower head , and the bed comfortable. The housekeeping service was thorough and unobtrusive. There 's a big gym with great views and a rooftop swimming pool .

the room is new and clean , smart-designed washroom , and huge TV screen. .

my wife and I stayed at the Langham for 3 nights recently. On arrival we were greated at reception by Nicole T , who we have to say was one of the most helpful , friendly and informative receptionists we have come across on our travels. She spent time to explain all the hotel amenities , show us the main attractions on a map , and even recommend some authentic Hong Kong restaurants. We upgraded to the executive lounge and were able to enjoy all the benefits it offers. We found it was certainly worth the extra .

the 5 star hotel has the 5 star services. The SPA services was the best. Hotel Lobby is conncted to the food court of the shopping mall. It was raininng the 4 days we were there , the connecting mall with subway and market in the basement really hlep the trip .

the reviews I read on the Langham Place Hotel , before booking , were all positive and after our recent visit , I can only concur .

i can not recommend this hotel highly enough. Amazing staff , beautiful rooms , relaxing spa , great pool.... .

we have just returned from an 8 night stay at the Langham Place Hotel and we were not disappointed. We had a trio place room on the 32nd floor. The room was a great size , king bed and a proper single bed , huge TV , DVD lots of storage and a good size bathroom and plenty of room for the shopping bags ! ! and a great view as well. We found the hotel to be very quiet and never heard any noise once inside the room,

amazing hotel .

used the Airport Train to Kowloon Station and got a taxi to Langham Place from there.. arrived late in the evening but check in was quick and efficient and all staff were most helpfull . The room was fantastic and very spacious. Breakfast was great with a wide selection of western and asian foods available. Our only dissapointment was that we only used the Spa facilities when we were checking out and they were fantastic.. we wished we had more time to use all the hotel had to offer. .

my first time at this hotel , but not to Hong Kong , a warm welcome from the front desk staff plus a lovely fresh smell in the lobby and the lifts im not sure what it was but a nice touch . Great rooms , nice size , well equiped , high tech , , ipod deck , dvd player , flat screen tv , high tech in room phone. well designed bathroom , good black out curtains .

if you 're expecting a 5 star hotel , the Langham Place is probably not there yet. Its probably ok if you 're staying only for 2 or 3 nights , but anything more perhaps you will like to consider the other hotels .

i have been to this hotel twice , both time for business but the first time my wife accompanied me for the trip. This hotel , even more considering the room price , is a great choice. The staff is really nice and helpful , the room are modern and elegant. They have a great Spa with Sauna , steam room and Japanese bath available on the top floor. You can also enjoy the amazing roof terrace pool outdoor ! The only low point would be for it to be in Mon Kok with the busiest street as soon as you step out... But it 's part of Hong Kong , you like it or not.. .

our room in Langham Place was very comfortable and surprisingly large compared to what we had heard before booking to come to Hong Kong as part of our silver wedding anniversary. Bed was very comfortable and bathroom was well appointed with a very nice powerful shower. The pool for the hotel is on the roof and you get somne fantastic views from up there .

my husband always says that my reviews on Trip Advisor are far too long......so instead of rehashing everything the previous reviewers have written , I will just say that the Langham Place is by far the best hotel I have stayed at in years .

there is a very good reason why this hotel is No.1 on Trip Advisor .

we have travelled regularly internationally for many years but at the Langham Place we experienced possibly the best service we have experienced ever. En route from Auckland to London we arrived very early morning at the hotel and were met by Ken on Reception. Not only did Ken find us a great room immediately , check us in early way before official check in time , he upgraded us and made sure we were aware of all the hotel had to offer including a free walking tour - this is really appreciated after a long flight. The hotel itself is great , located in Mongkok close to the markets and attached to a mall , all you might need is in easy reach. The outdoor swimming pool on the 41 floor is an added plus in the heat and humidity of a Hong Kong summer. We would and have already recommended this hotel to many friends and work colleagues on our return .

i stayed for 3 nights at Langham Place. First impressions were good - courteous and efficient reception staff in a well appointed lobby. My room was extremely clean and fitted to a high standard , particularly the bathroom. If I were to criticise anything then the proportions of the room are on the snug side , but I understand that 's fairly typical of Hong Kong. The restaurants served good , interesting food and the breakfast was a bargain. Leisure facilities include a roof pool which could have had better views , sauna , hot tub , gym etc. The location is fine , but remember it is Mongkok , not the island. There is a MTR station in the basement of the adjacent shopping mall which makes access to the rest of Hong Kong a breeze. I would n't hesitate to stay at this hotel again for business or leisure .

took a girls trip to Hong Kong for a week. Stayed at Langham primarily based upon reviews on TA. We stayed on the Club Level in a Premiere Place Room. Generally , we found the plcae very good. Attentive and helpful staff. A Level 8 typhoon hit during our stay and the hotel took great pains to make sure we were informed and safe. The room was very well equipped and high tech. Great views fom our 36th floor room with floor to ceiling windows .

when things go wrong , the mark of a great hotel is how they put it right. Our room developed a fault , where all the lights started flashing and even removing the card from the wall could not stop it. Within 5 mins of reporting it , there was someone dealing with it. It was dealt with quickly but unfortunately recurred the next day. At this point a manager stepped in and offered an upgrade , so we moved to another bigger room which was just fabulous..so hats off to the Langham management for a great job .

i stayed at the Langham Place Hotel for the second time after a great stay in February. I was not at all disappointed. It is worth paying the little bit extra for club facilities. It is a great place to sit and relax and the view is good. With snacks and drinks available most of the day and free internet it is great value. You can have breakfast downstairs in the main restaurant which has a much wider selection and choices .

stayed in Club level room. Everything was just right. Room was reasonable size and well designed. Need to recognize average room size in Hong Kong is on the small side. Club gives you several benefits. Open 24 hours with food and drink always available. Chapagne in the evenings. Free internet. Friendly and helpful staff. Mongkok location is slightly out of central Hong Kong but actually pretty close to several attractions and markets. Hong Kong is very easy to get around so I wouldnt worry about location .

one of the best hotels I stayed in. Luxurious rooms , very comfortable beds , and very friendly hotel staff .

possibly the greatest service in the world ! My wife and I stayed here twice within 3 weeks while traveling in China. The first was on the way in , and it was a wonderful experience. The second time was for 3 nights when our daughter became ill on a plane bound for SFO. While admitting her at the hospital , I made our reservations via phone. Upon arrival , the staff had learned of our situation and did everything to make the stay as pleasant as possible while including upgrading us to a room that would accomodate a crib upon her release from hospital. The staff in the Club Lounge were exceptional , special kudos to Stanley , who remembered us from our first stay. Every employee we interacted with knew who we were and asked about our daughter and her condition. They truly cared about us. We believed it was a great hotel during our first stay under no stress. Their true colors came out during our time under pressure. If everyone who stays here has half the staff we had , you will consider yourself in great hands. Thank you !

in a city where hotels offer outstanding rooms and Harbour views , but at a huge cost , the Langham Place stands out for its service. The staff are always greeting you every morning , from bell to cleaning staff , Chuan spa attendants to the very helpful front desk staff. Concierge booked me into their Michelin-rated Ming Court restaurant on a Friday night with 8 hours notice .

it really is a s simple as this - book a Club room , which is only a little more than an Essential Place room , and enjoy the best hospitality that this price range will ever provide !

at first , I was not really all gung-ho about staying at the Langham Place. I know it ranks quite high on the popularity charts , but it was a bit over our budget. Good thing that I was out-voted by my companions ! The Langham Place now ranks at the top five of my favorite hotels in the world .

stay in Hong Kong for 3 days before back to New York. most attractively would be the shopping besides the hotel. And the Chinese food shop near the main street is recommended .

just got back from our Honeymoon in China and the Langham Place was our first hotel and I have to agree with all the positive reviews. I do n't think I can fault the hotel or staff in anyway .

what a wonderful week we had at the Langham. On arrival we accepted a special promotion to upgrade. It was a tad more but worth it as we had our own lounge and two bathrooms one shower . Lots of extras in the suite. All staff were wonderful and so helpful. Must stay in a Club L room. We were able to check out , but stay there until our limo was ready to take us to the airport. We could 've used the train , but it was late at night and our last night so what the heck , it was so much easier. The breakfasts were excellent. The location in Mongkok is great. Good selective shopping. You have to see the Ladies Market but its all very cheap. An Octopus card is a must if you are there for a few days. The transport system is amazing , and easy to master. $ 100AUS on each card and then you can easily get around on the fast train , ferry , tram , bus. Any money left will be refunded .

had read the reviews and knew what to expect. Was n't disappointed , with a great room , great bathroom , great view etc. Ate at Ming Court for dim sum : marvellous. Had the buffet breakfast : pretty good , nothing spectacular , although great service. And the buffet dinner on a weekend night : A bit expensive at about US $ 60 , but truly magnificent , with mounds of seafood and the freshest sashimi/sushi I 've ever had , including silver service sushi restaurants elsewhere. Wow , wow , wow ! Drinks at the bar are overly expensive-- $ 10 for a beer when we 'd just been paying about $ 1 in mainland China and $ 3 in Hong Kong restaurants .

stayed at The Langham Place Hong Kong for 5 nights in August 2009 , as this was the first visit to the city relied on tripadvisor recommendations to find our accommodation .

i spent five nights at Langham Place after reading the rave reviews on TripAdvisor. I stayed on the 28th floor and had great views across the city. The room was small , but that was expected. It was very modern and I really enjoyed the large flatscreen TV .

my husband and I loved Langham Place ! We upgraded to Club Level once we arrived and we are so glad we did ! Firstly our room was big and comfortable and the bathroom was huge with a fantastic range of toiletries. The Club Level was fantastic â € “ we thoroughly enjoyed the canap Ã © s and cakes and wine and champagne and breakfast ! ! ! The staff the Langham Place were incredibly helpful and friendly and my husband and I were very impressed with their professionalism especially when having to deal with extremely rude guests . The location of the Langham Place was great â € “ with Mongkok MTR just across the road. The rooftop swimming pool and spa area were perfect the place to relax after a day of very hot and humid sightseeing !

the hotel is located in Mong Kok , not the typical Hong Kong tourist area but more authentically local and right next to a multitude of shopping and eating possibilities. It is a modern high rise with a connecting walkway to a shopping mall and adjoining metro station. Check in was a bit botched but the staff were apologetic and offered vouchers for free drinks in the bar because of the delay. Room was spacious with fantastic views over Hong Kong. Bathroom was clean and well stocked with toiletries. Avoid the crowded breakfast floor and order room service instead to have a full breakfast delivered punctually to your door. The spa on the upper floor is clean and relaxing and the rooftop swimming pool just the way to start the day. Staff are attentive if somewhat officious. TV/DVD system was over-complicated ; there was an i-pod dock but no wifi. On the whole , recommended .

my wife and I stayed at this wonderful hotel during last July three nights and August one night , for our honeymoon. As usual , we choosed it following the Tripadvisor â € ™ reviews and comments .

have just returned from a brief 2 night shopping stay in Hong Kong staying at Langham Place Hotel. I could not recommend this hotel highly enough .

our second stay here. Brilliant location in Mongkok , it 's real Hong Kong out there and really easy and quick to get around as you are virtually on top of the MTR .

we chose Langham Place based on the reviews here and were satisfied with our weekend stay. Though it likely is n't the best in town in any particular dimension , it provides a good combination of comfort , style , convenience/location and price. Though our room rate did not include breakfast and in-room internet access was ridiculously expensive , the low cost of the room itself more than made up for it and is the single biggest reason why we would stay there again. Additional points for the free upgrade from 'Vital ' to 'Essential ' room ... was a nice gesture given that it was our anniversary

great middle market 5 star without the pretentous stuffiness , and price , of some of the high end hotels. The price was reasonable , though really they should be providing free wi-fi. It is a good location from which to access all of the greater Hong Kong area .

we stayed at the Langham Place for 3 nights at the end of our honeymoon and could not think of a better way to round off the holiday. We stayed in a club room and the facilities in the club lounge far exceeded all expectations. There was so much variety of food and drink provided that we barely needed to eat out at all during our stay. The views from the club lounge over the city are incredible as are the views from the rooms and the massage chairs were a really nice touch , despite actually being quite painful !

this is my third stay at the magnificent Langham place hotel. I agree with some of the reviews that the hotel needs alittle fine tuning on some of it 's slightly worn areas , but for me , its still a superb hotel and fantastic value for money .

this hotel deserves every positive rating it 's got. It is one of the best hotels we 've stayed it. The service was excellent , and we got a really good deal on our room from hotels.com !

we stayed for 2 weeks in June and opted for 180 view corner room on club floor due to our longer stay .

look else where for a hotel this is not the best .

i stayed at Langham Place for the second time in July '09 in a sweet place room on the club floor level level 36 . The room was huge with great facilities including separate lounge , king bed , rainshower , kitchenette etc .

we booked Langham Place as our first destination for our honeymoon after reading positive reviews on here. As we have family out here , we stayed for three nights before moving onto Bali and chose this location as it is fairly central. Having the MTR within a few minutes walk was ideal .

excellent staff , all extremely pleasant , high tech hotel , brilliant food

stayed here for 5 Days with my wife and enjoyed every minute of it .

stayed for 5 nights. Pick up from airport no one at the desk when we arrived. Just a small wait. Bellboys at hotel good. Lifts ! Hope you all have time each day to wait and wait and wait ! Never been in a hotel were one has to wait so long to ride an elevator. Morning , afternoon or evening just the worst you just wait .

this hotel was amazing. The location was absolutely perfect. Super modern facilities right across a traditional market. The area was alway hopping. We booked an essential type of a room with an awesome view of the harbour and the city. Location is ideal. Close to the subway and walking distance to some of the markets , like the bird and the flower market to mention a few. The hotel is directly connected to a food court and if the hotel food prices are too high , you can eat breakfast , lunch and dinner there if you wish. There is even a supermarket as you go down the escelators. The service can not be any better and the concierge team can assist you with any questions you may have. We stayed for five nights and found the Octopus card immensely practical and a great way to get around the town .

after reading all reviews here , I decided to book this hotel for a short trip to HK , we just stayed 3 days/2 nights there , but it was perfect !

from the beginning at check in , to the very end of our stay , the staff were attentive and made you feel as if you were always welcome. Nothing was too much trouble. The rooms were clean and the cleaning staff were brilliant. Everything about our stay in this hotel was a pleasure. We had to get a last minute visa to China and the hotel organised it all for us. The taxi driver told us we should have stayed at the other Langham hotel due to the location of the markets at this one. I totally disagree. It was great. Will definitely only use this hotel when I go back again .

this is definitely a five star hotel. The service was definitely incredible. The rooms were clean and roomy. We got the Quad room which will accomodate a family of five 2 adults , 1 teenager , and 2 children 8 &amp ; 4 . I will definitely stay here again if we go back to Hongkong. The staff were nice and helpful and even the housekeeping were very attentive to make sure that stay was comfortable .

this is THE place to stay in Hong Kong , stop looking and just book ! The staff are the most attentive and knowledgable I 've ever encountered. From the porter to the concierge the level of service is incredible. We booked a club room and it was well worth it , the club lounge is really lovely and has a great view of the city. Check out the rooftop pool as well. In terms of location , it is close to all of the markets in Kowloon and joins a mall that has a subway station .

it was such a joy to stay at Langham Place Hotel. Our room was clean , modern and had everything we need. The view was impressive - it is Hong Kong after all .

we stayed at the Langham Place earlier this year. We upgraded to a club room located on the higher floors with access to the club lounge. The room was beautiful with a comfortable bed and high quality linen. The glass walled bathroom is an acquired taste but we liked it. The club lounge was amazing with plenty of booze and a constant flow of tasty food- the view is outstanding. The roof top pool is a welcome retreat from the constant buzz of HK .

a hotel ,in the middle of all the action , close to transport , shopping and transport . Ticks all the boxes .

wonderful hotel , would definatley stay there next time. Amazing swimming pool on the roof .

i think what enticed me most about Langham Place , aside from the view , architecture , sculptures , courteous staff &amp ; amazing rooms , is the fragrance that welcomes people. It is very distinct , very relaxing...very inviting .

this was our 2nd stay at the Langham Place hotel. This is an absolutely outstanding hotel which I heartily recommend. Try to get a room as high up as possible as the view from the rooms is spectacular. You can not fault the hotel on any category. Great location in the middle of Mongkok , nice clean rooms and public areas and the service is exemplary. This time we decided to try out a massage at the Chuan Spa on the top floor. A 60 min massage cost 600HK dollars and it was blissfull ! Oh and the breakfast is rather good. I usually do n't make it out of bed in time for breakfast but at this hotel I deliberately set the alarm so I would n't miss it !

as a graduation gift my Uncle let me tag along with him on a business trip to Hong Kong. As he was on business and the room was being paid for by corporate , we were on the 37th floor in the club levels . It is worth every penny to pay extra for the unlimited access to the Lounge , which we jokingly referred to as the Overlords Lounge. Rich , mostly American/European/Australian businessmen and women flocked to the lounge each morning and late evening for breakfast and cocktail hour the latter complete with savoury nibbles . During the day and at tea time savory snacks and the unlimited beverage selection kept those who did n't have to work while in Hong Kong relaxed in the lounge. The view from the lounge alone is truly spectacular .

right in the heart of Mongkok , if you are a tourist , there is no better place to stay in Hong Kong , but....... if you are in Hong Kong on business and that business is located on Hong Kong Island , I would say that this hotel is a bit inconvenient. For my first trip to Hong Kong , I could not have asked for a better place to stay , convenient located near numerous markets , I immediately got a taste of real Hong Kong life. Hotel if fabulous , great service , rooms are a bit small on US hotel terms but more than adequate. Business center has enough terminals so there was no wait to use their computers. Rooftop pool and fitness center with breath taking 360 degree views. If possible pay an extra HK $ 40 to stay on an upper floor where your room view will not be blocked by the Langham Place Mall next door. It is Hong Kong so you are never more than a few minutes walk from great eating options .

just back from a superb stay at LP. Chose it based on other TA reviews and were not disappointed. We loved it so much we hardly ventured out in 2 days ! Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. We arrived off a longhaul flight and were afforded a very early check-in at no extra cost and then upgraded to a divine room. The gym equipment is excellent quality as are the 41st floor pool and changing room facilities. All of this inspires confidence in the other services offered by the hotel so we dined at the in-house japanese restaurant which was faultless. Ditto the buffet restaurant. I would return every month if it was n't 12 hours away !

we stayed there for five days and four nights. We just came back from Tokyo in a very dinky hotel. So coming from a dinky hotel to a five star luxury hotel was superb ! We booked the Tempt Me Essential King Size room locates 25 floor and above , with a breath taking night view , plasma tv , see through bathroom from the bedroom The king size bed is big enough to fit four people .

we booked the hotel from Zuji Website and I got the Vital Place Room without realising it was not what I wanted as there was no description of the room from the website .

definitely the hotel to stay if you want to savor the life of Hong Kong. It 's attached to a hugh shopping mall that includes a supermarket and connected to the subway system without going outside. Even though it 's located in a robust area of town , you will not feel that once you are inside the hotel. We enjoyed the nice gym almost every morning. It 's catered to English-speaking guests as almost all the workers include the operator respond in English. We only ate at &quot ; The Place&quot ; once. The food was okay only. But you can probably find better food outside the hotel. Almost forgot....no free internet in the room but there 's a business center on the 5th floor where there are several laptops available to be used by guest free of charge. There is also one station designated for flight check-in. You may want to get the rooms from Essential Place or above so that you can stay on the upper floors to see a partial Harbour view and some skyline looking out the window or else it will probably be the adjacent highrises .

i measure hotel F&amp ; B standards by the freshness of breakfast hashbrowns , and LP tops it all. Had BF close to 11am , but the hashbrown I picked was still crispy and delicious. Croissant was also light and flaky. Well done .

we usually do not come to such grand hotels , but decided to splash out on this hotel for a short break and it was worth it ! The staff were welcoming and friendly and the room service was very efficent ! The room was very grand and the beds were very comfortable ! The bathroom was the best ! It had a shower and a nice bath. It was very modern and extremely stylish ! Our room was on level 40 so the view out of the window was stunning though going so high on the elevator caused the kids ears to pop ! It was very handy that it was connected to the Langham place mall which had many good shops eg. a huge H&amp ; M store and restaurants ! The location was great and the transport excellent ! I would definetely recommend this to everyone !

i spent five nights recently at the Langham Place. I had never been to Hong Kong before and so relied on this website to pick my hotel. Believe the reviews , I stayed in an Essential Place room , about 30sq m. Not big by Australian/USA standards , but plenty big enough. The bathroom was great , the shower offered a choice of rain shower fantastic or power shower , which I did n't use as the rain shower was so enjoyable. The towels were huge and so fluffy , wish I knew the brand , so I could buy some. The bed was ultra comfortable. Room service choice was vast , there is a Western kitchen with plenty of choice and a Chinese food kitchen. All the meals I ordered were delicious and priced reasonably too. The staff of this hotel are fantastic , really a great asset of the hotel and I hope they are recognised for it. They can not do enough for you. I have travelled trhoughout the US , England and Australia and this was the first and only hotel where I felt I could ask for something , like a variation on the room service menu and not be made to feel like it was too much trouble. The lobby staff were never too busy to ask if I needed directions or whatever. Food trays left outside the door , were swiftly collected , this hotel seems to be very generously staffed , no waiting for anything at all. The only beef I had and I have it at every five star hotel I stay at and that is that the bathroom was not cleaned soap scum etc ever during my 5 day stay. The room was wiped down and that was it. Like I said , all hotels are the same , so I wo n't hold it against this one. Go for the Langham Place , you wo n't regret it. It also sits above a shopping centre and an MTR station , take the airport train to Central , then change to Mong Kok station .

visited Langham Place in May 2009 for 7 day/ 6 nights .

i have been to Hongkong many times and had stayed in several hotels before , until I found Langham Place. The location is perfect , next to the MTR and the Langham Shopping Mall. The moment you step inside the hotel , you will find a wonderful fragrance enveloping the whole hotel. The rooms are wonderful , and very well maintained. . My latest trip in March was to celebrate my wedding anniversary. The staff found out about it and a complimentary bottle of champagne was already chilled in my room when I checked in .

i really enjoyed this hotel. I decided to do the Airport Express/subway combo to the Mongkok station and walk through the mall. It was early in the morning around 8am and I only had a 22-in wheeled carry-on so it was fine. It is a 15 minutes trip though , and up and down floors .

as with the previous reviews , we have only good things to say about the Langham Place. We stayed for ten days in June 2009 with our two children , 7 &amp ; 9 , in a quad room. Beautifully appointed , although not huge. A great option for families as long as you do n't need much privacy. Room contained a queen size bed and two normal single beds not rollaways , so everyone had a good night 's sleep .

we stayed at the Langham Place Hotel at the end of June 2009. This hotel comes highly recommended on TA , for good reason !

we have been going to Hong Kong for vacation for years now from the USA and we can not say enough for Langham Place. I could see LP getting overlooked often because it 's in Mong Kok but for visitors going to China for the first time or to experience true HK life , there 's no better place than LP. With the Mong Kok MTR in the basement , traveling within the city is super easy ! Style , class , great views , great rooms , and the best staff make LP the ONLY place we stay when in HK .

we have just returned from a week-long stay at the Langham Place. We chose the hotel after the large number of glowing reviews already here on TA and once again am very glad such a website exists to make our choices easier !

if it 's harder to write a review of a hotel when there is little to criticise , then this will be a very difficult hotel to review. From the plush reception , to the great room service , the comfortable beds and the fantastic shower , everything about this hotel is enjoyable .

we stayed at this hotel at a very reasonable rate for a week , more than 1/2 of equivalent 5-star hotel rate .

great hotel in a great part of town. if you get a good deal on price then look no further .

i had written a few reviews about hotels in HK but I 've yet to submit any reviews on Langham Place. Not that I disliked the hotel... on the contrary , since I discovered this hotel , I have yet to stay in another hotel. This is I think the third time I stayed in this hotel. I have not gotten around writing a review on this hotel because other trip advisors had already raved about this hotel. But today , I am adding in my two cents worth because I think this hotel really deserves all the praises it can get .

a friend of mine and I stayed at Langham Place at the beginning of June for four nights. We could not think of anything to complain about. We got there pretty late in the evening and were welcomed by hotel staff who took us to the lobby. We had booked the lowest rate available online at their website , and while at the airport before leaving , we checked rates on Expedia. Definitely give this a go , we were able to save over $ 300 changing our last 3 nights to an Expedia reservation. This certainly helped , as we decided to upgrade to Club L access about 80 $ CDN a night which included breakfast every morning at The Place best breakfast buffet I have EVER had , open bar , snacks all day long , and evening hors d-oeurves. We also got a room on a higher floor which was awesome for our first stay in Hong Kong. The concierges on the Club floor are fantastic. They are so helpful and accommodating. Even if you do n't purchase the Club room we did n't , at least purchase the extra access to that lounge. Awesome place to relax and have a 36th floor view of the city. Free internet too !

a fab hotel , friendly curtious staff. Extremely clean luxurious rooms , with everything you could possibly need during your stay.The area of MongKok is the REAL Hong Kong , not just the touristy part .

booked 2 rooms and stayed 3 nights in Essential Place , got it directly from the hotel with a Stay 2 Night Free 1 night promotion. Was n't offered any upgrades or encountered sales pitch to upgrade as written in other reviews. Upon check in I was told one of the rooms was not ready , was a little disappointed coz I arrived at 5pm and they should have gotten it ready by 3pm. Had to wait 30 minutes before I get to move in my room , but that 's the only hiccup .

an exquisite hotel in a superb location ! Highly recommended , get a harbour view room if the budget permits. Swimming pool is on the roof and views are amazing - lovely to have a swim and take in the views. One of the best hotels i 've stayed at - once again , highly recommended !

it is a beutiful hotel with luxurious rooms. The best part is that it is midst of the town still you feel out of bounds. Very assesible to local Metro and also to key shopping markets. Little away from business centre of Honkong

we stayed at the Langham Place for 8 nights during May. The location is excellent and in &quot ; downtown&quot ; Mong Kok which is has many markets close by , quirky restaurants and shops , large shopping centre all within metres of the front door. We felt that we had a more authentic local experience than our friends who were staying on the harbour. In fact they spent most of their time at our end of town ! Langham Place is close to the subway and easy to get around to other parts of Hong Kong .

we stayed there two years ago. this time we found with the change of the pink uniforms

fantastic hotel. As with all chinese hotels the rooms are a little smaller , but the amenities are top notch. Rain shower , plush bed , beautiful bathrooms , 42 inch flatscreen etc. The only complaint was the remote was difficult to use and I watch a lot of TV ! .

this was my second stay at the Langham Place - first visit was January 2008 , and we could n't wait to return as soon as the next batch of trade shows came up .

i stayed at the Langham Place Hotel after reading all the good reviews on trip advisor. The hotel is a very good one. I 'm assuming it is a new property. The room was modern and comfortable but on the smaller side. I did not have such a good view of the harbor from my room so you should request one at the time of booking. But if you want a picturesque view of the harbor you should choose another hotel. The bathroom was a good size with a bath and separate shower. Housekeeping did a good job and re-stocked all the amenities daily. The metro is right next door in the attached mall which is very convenient. The hotel was more for holidayers than for business travelers. I would definitely stay here again .

my wife and I stayed in the Langham Place Hotel , Mongkok in April 2009 for four days and returned to stay in it in May for a few more days .

we stayed here to celebrate our wedding anniversary and it was brilliant - from start to finish ! We booked a room at Prime Place and stayed in 3101 which was a corner room with the most amazing views across HK you could easily see the light show from our room which we loved ! . On arrival we were met by a concierge who took our case from us and escorted us up to reception the lobby is one floor up where the staff quickly booked us in and took us to our room. Our bags arrived a few minutes later. The room was perfect and spotlessly clean , the bed was huge and so comfy I almost did n't want to get out of it to go sight seeing ! The bathroom was lovely , a really good size with a big bath and seperate rain shower which was great after a day out in the humidity. The pool on the roof is awesome with amazing views over the skyline and there are several hot tubs up there too. There is also a bar so you can enjoy a cocktail as you lounge about. We did n't eat at any of the restuarants but only because we were so busy - I 'm sure that if we 'd been there longer we would have done we stayed 4 nights . The location is great as it 's right in the middle of Mongkok which is manic - full of street markets and shops with people everywhere which gives you a real taste of HK. It 's also connected to the huge shopping mall next door which seems to be open till about midnight and has loads of food places and shops. The nice thing is you can wander round the crowded streets of Mongkok but then step into the perfectly air conditioned , spacious hotel to cool off ! The lobby is perfumed but , believe me , it needs to be because outside the heat and humidity make all of the normal street smells a bit more pungent so the air in the lobby is very refreshing ! Overall , we had a brilliant time here , the staff were excellent , the rooms were awesome and the location was perfect for all of the sightseeing we wanted to do there is an MTR station in the mall next door so transport is incredibly easy ! . We will definitley stay here again - thanks Langham Place !

as native Hong Kong-ers , I am very happy and impressed with the quality of service this hotel offers. Decided to stay at this hotel after seeing a great hotel deal offered through the hotel website Stay 3 nights , get 1 free - so average $ 175 per night . A little pricey compared to typical Hong Kong hotels friends thought we were crazy to pay so much for a HK hotel , but worth every penny. The rooms are considered big by Hong Kong standards. Check in was easy arrived at 11pm , and we got an essential room up on 30th floor. I especially appreciate the complementary shower service after a sticky afternoon before we catch our plane at night. No need to eat at the hotel if you want to save some money , as I was still able to find food after midnight nearby , because location is one of the main advantages of this hotel. Had trouble using the phone system though , too fancy and high-tech for me. Did n't utilize the pool , spa or wi-fi , so no comments there , but the fitness room has a great view of the city .

my husband and I are very experienced travelers , having spent nights at places as various as guest houses in Kathmandu , the YMCA in Nairobi,and just last week , the Emirates Palace , in Abu Dhabi , and the Ritz Carlton in Dubai. Our experience at the Langham is the one I am writing about ! As many have noted , staying on the Club level was worth every penny ! Senior team leader Stanley Ho was perfection ! So helpful and knowledgable about everything. For me,as a daily exercise fanatic,the fitness center was first rate , and the rooftop pool was memorable , cool , and clean .

just returned from 3 nights on the 39th floor. Everything about this hotel was quite exceptional. Definitely worth upgrading to Club access if you can - it will probably save you money in the long run as breakfast and all drinks are included in your stay. The Club lounge is a superb haven - the champagne flows from around 6 and is accompanied by yummy snacks. The gym and roof top pool are both very good. The staff were very helpful and the area of Mongkok is definitely buzzing. A true gem. I stayed at the 4 Seasons last year and would rate this hotel as better .

we arrived at the airport and went to the hotel 's courtesy desk to get our car to the hotel. We were greeted with water and a refresh kit and offered a dvd player for the ride to the hotel. Once at the hotel we were greeted at the car and escorted directly to our room for in-room check in. It was an amazing way to start our stay after an 18 hour flight .

langham Place is a great hotel situated in the Mongkok area of Hong Kong. It is ideally situated right next to the MTR station which you can catch to take you anywhere very cheaply. Stayed on the 32nd floor with a great view of the city .

this is a stunning hotel , and our room was absolutely beautiful. We arrived early 8am and requested an early check-in and this was granted but we were forced to pay an extra HK $ 200 for an upgrade. It was worth is though as the bigger room on a higher floor was fab and had stunning views and it meant we could catch some sleep straight away. The hotel has excellent facilities , a beautiful pool on the roof , and the service is second to none. The only main drawback I can mention is the location - although it is located in the same mall as a MTR stop , it takes quite a walk and a lot of escalator rides to actually get to it and then you are still a few stops away from the main tourist spots. I 'd try to get a hotel in downtown Kowloon next time or even on Hong Kong Island if I could afford one. That said , if you do n't mind an extra 10 to 15 minutes onto your journey this is definitely the hotel for you .

stayed for 3 nights on our return from a holiday in Australia. We upgraded to a Club Room which was worth it , with all the Club facilities including drinks and snacks during the day , cocktail drinks and food and lovely views from the Lounge overlooking Hong Kong. The buffet breakfasts were extremely good and service too. The Swimming pool on the top floor was great. The service from the staff and friendliness was extremely good. We had a lovely room on the 39th floor with good views. We also took advantage of the free tour early evening in the area around the Hotel. There is a good shopping centre nearby and also markets and the MTR service which is quick transport to get around in. Would defintely stay at this Hotel again and after staying in a 'Langham Hotel ' in Auckland would book at another in their Group .

spent 3 nights there last week. Overall it was a pleasant experience. When I checked in the staff at the reception tried to sell us a good upgrade deal and was quite pushy. Their argument was that the rooms is slightly bigger. OK , the room I stayed in was small but but then again you only sleep there. And the size of the bed was great. The glass wall separating the bathroom from the bedroom was brilliant. The breakfast was nice though I would suggest to have the breakfast either early in the morning or then after 9am as in between it is too busy. My room was supposed to have free internet but at the end of the day the wanted me to pay for it. I was disappointed in the early morning of my departure 5 am when I was told at the reception that I have not payed for my hotel transport to the airport. Because of early departure I had payed for my room , breakfast and transport when checking in. However they failed for some reason to charge me for transport. It was very inconvenient to do this when I was in a hurry to get to the airport. There are definetly better hotels in HK but if you decide to stay in Kowloon then this is a good choice and the Mong Kok metro station is just around the corner .

stayed here for a week. The room was smallish but well appointed and contained nearly everything you could possible want. , including a ipod docking station. There was a charge for the internet in some rooms and in a 5 * hotel I think that this should be provided free. This is my only complaint , the rest of the facilities were great and the swimming pool area is a welcome stop after a day 's shopping. The Asian bath was different and very relaxing .

although our stay was genrally pretty good I 'm not going to gush over this hotel like some others on here .

in June 2008 my wife myself and our 6 year old son migrated to Australia via Hong Kong .

this hotel was lovely. It has a great lobby and it smells really nice like perfume. The staff are very friendly and helpful and have great English. The pool area is huge and really lovely to relax in after a nice day in the heat as it is still warm but has a nice breeze. If you do n't like swimming then you can relax in the jacuzzi. There is also a sauna and a hot bath/tub which is so nice ! I was however a little disappointed with our room but that is because we had 3 beds in a double room so we found it a little small but as a double room i think it would be an ok size. The location is great , right in a shopping centre which is fab for people that love shopping but also has many food places which is good. It is also a stones throw from the MTR which is so easy use and convenient and it 's very close to the ladies market which is great for people that love bargin shopping. Also very close to nathan road which is a busy and lively place. The hotel also has a club inside it which i was unfortunately able to go to but it is not noisy at all so for people that do n't like clubs you will not notice it. There is also a restaurant that looked delicious but i did not get a chance to go eat there. I would definately recommend this hotel .

the Langham Place was amazing , we had a brilliant time. We stayed for 3 nights - the staff were very helpful and the location of the hotel was awesome. We were close to the MTR and this made the rest of the city very accessible. We stayed there for Chinese new year and the hotel put on a dragon show for the guests - how cool ! The room made the best of the small space and the decor/TV/bathroom were all decorated to a very high standard. Hong Kong like most major cities generally has small hotel rooms. I would certainly stay here again .

this is probably one of the nicest hotels I 've ever stayed at. The rooms are very comfortable , and I especially loved the bathrooms- very modern looking , with a separate shower and bathtub. I loved that it is connected to the Langham Place mall. Very convenient location in Hong Kong- the Mongkok subway station is close by , and the hotel is also just a few blocks away from Nathan Road , a very busy area. Would definitely recommend it and stay there again .

one word review â € “ â € œ Wow â €  !

  night stay in a club room on floor 35. Good view of Victoria harbor. Room extremely modern and comfortable. Service impeccable. The area is a little out of the way but only a few metro stops from the city center in all actuality. I enjoyed looking around / walking around the Mongkok area and walking up Nathan street but taxis are also affordable so there are really no transportation issues when one puts a pencil too it .

we booked the Langham Place based on postive reviews here on TripAdvisor , for our first trip to Hong Kong. Booking went very smoothly , even though we had to make changes due to an error from the airline. From start to finish , top to bottom , everyone was helpful and cheerful. We mused to each other that the staff probably must be treated very well since each employee was pleasant and kind .

when you see the award in the hotel that they are in the top 1 % of hotels in the world you can see why. Langham Place was amazing. My wife , my daughter and myself stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of April 09. Slight confusion checking in but this was down to our travel agent not doing their job properly , not the hotels fault but they still upgraded us to a bigger room on a higher floor. The room was clean and very lavish with excellent views of Mong Kok. The Hotel facilities are awesome and we took full advantage of the Club L package. For an extra Â £ 70 per night for the 3 of us we were able to take breakfast in the amazing dining room and then have free drinks all day and night and yes that included champagne ! ! Free canopes also. Superb value for money .

every trip to HK should include a bit of a walk through Kowloon but the Langham Place hotel is about a 10 min cab ride north of the harbor in Kowloon which makes it a bit of an island for visitors. The neighborhood is bustling w/ locals residents and there are many veggie markets. I stayed in both Causeway Bay and this north Kowloon area and for ease of getting around , Causeway Bay wins as there really are n't any restaurants outside of the mall food court and the hotel if you get hungry and are &quot ; home&quot ; during the day or late at night. That said , this is a beautiful hotel w/ really lovely views we stayed on floor 27 , thoughtful design and excellent staff. The room was small standard for HK but very comfortable and overall the hotel was really elegant. The food late night , eaten at the bar/lounge , was okay , not great and the buffet breakfast was a definite disappointment. I recommend skipping both but there really are n't a ton of dining choices nearby. I think this hotel is an excellent value if you recognize that it is a very pretty place to lay your head at night but you 'll want to spend the bulk of your time elsewhere .

if you are looking for a super trendy hotel close to the pulse of the 'real ' Hong Kong , look no further. Club Level is the way to go at the Langham Place ! Rooms are spacious and offer floor to ceiling vistas across the city - even from your shower cubicle. Club Lounge include private check-in / check-out services , WIFI , breakfasts , afternoon tea,s cocktails and late night sweat treats .

i stayed at the Langham Place during a short stay in Hong Kong on my way back to the States. I was somewhat leery of the location far outside Central and the main tourist areas of Kowloon , but went with the strong recommendations given by my fellow travellers on TripAdvisor. I was not disappointed .

stayed here for my 40Th birthday. got the airport express to Kowloon station then took a 5 min taxi to hotel at a cost off less then Â £ 4.very quick and easy option,

just returned from a 4 night stay and the hotel is every bit as good as previous reviewers have written .

it was our 3rd visit to Hong Kong and my husband and I had previously stayed in the Shangri La on Hong Kong Island which we both loved. However this time we decided to look for a hotel that was slightly less expensive and we also wanted to experience Kowloon side of HK .

the langham place is luxurious property set in a less touristic neighbourhood than most of its peers. Still , if you want to experiment true HK markets birds , flowers , ladies , jade , etc. , there is no other place to be. Bustling with thousands of people at night , there is an incredible buzz to the place , without being linked to hip bars or great restaurants .

this is a very smart hotel , very clean &amp ; tidy , good facilities &amp ; helpful staff. It is right next to a large shopping mall , with supermarket &amp ; food outlests - all great unless you want to experience the orient ! We could have been almost anywhere .

i know this review is a bit late , but its still worth it. I have stayed in a number of 5star world-class hotels...Oberois in India , Mandarin Orientals in SE Asia , Sofitels in Europe , Conrads in the Middle East...the Langham Place is by far the best hotel I have encountered in all my travels. Why ? Well let me list :

i stayed 4 night , with the promotional rate pay for 3 and get 4 night. So I saved some money there , which I decided to spend on club access .

my wife and I have stayed here 3 times since 2006 and have enjoyed each stay. We book their Essential room twice and stay in their Sweet Place during our anniversary in March 2008. They surprise us with a bottle of champagne and chocolates in our room for our anniversary. I do recommend the Club L , it provides great place for breakfast in the morning , as they serve Western and Asian foods with made to order eggs and omelets , and a great place to relax and have a drink. The pool on the roof gives you spectacular views of the area and its great for a dip too ! The staff is good and attentive to our needs. The only shortfall we had was when we stayed at the Sweet Place , we asked for a king size bed in our room but discovered they pushed two double beds together , it was n't a big deal as it was still comfortable. The attached mall is great for shopping and picking up snacks although I must warn travelers , the surrounding area is not touristy , you will have to use the subway or cab to get to the 'touristy spots'. We will stay at the Langham Place again the next time we go back to HK .

agree with most of comments in other reviews , fantastic hotel &amp ; good location - would definitely recommend

my hubby and i stayed there from feb 4-feb 8..and stayed at the essential room.. it the very nice.. the room is clean.. staff are effecient and friendly.. they are helpful too and speaks english which is good coz we always needs directions lol and its very rare to find someone to ask directiosn to and actually understands u.. the bed was comfortable adn the bathroom is spotless and spacious.. i recommend it to everyone.. its worth every penny ! ! !

i stayed here with my 7 year old daughter for 4 days in March 2009. I picked this hotel from the reviews posted here. The location is excellent if you like to stay in Kowloon , the real Hong Kong as I call it. We received one night free on a special promotion. It is located in an office tower and shopping mall complex , built in 2004. Train station below , but must still a bit of walking to get there walk through the mall or outside on street . A litte bit difficult to learn how to get around many escalators and elevators in the tower complex , and you must take the correct ones . Once we got lost in the parking garage looking for the street level took wrong elevator . Lobby is on 4th floor down a crosswalk from the atrium. Beautiful atrium about 7 stories high with shops and restaurants. One escalator in 4 levels high ! Just a beautiful place. I wish I could have stayed longer. I was finally beginning to understand the layout and amenities available. If possible , buy the upgrade for about $ 70/night USD. 'Entitles to free snacks , desert , internet in-room access , and breakfast in &quot ; club&quot ; or downstairs restaurant , etc. I did not get this upgrade. Anyway , I do n't think you will be disappointed. Cheaper than some other places which are not as good. We stayed on the 32nd floor. Excellent room view and 42&quot ; TV. I will go again and enjoy the hotel more next time. We were always out in the city and never in the room ! Staff very efficient , and friendly .

i stayed here with friends during october 2008 and it was such a comfortable and great stay. Very friendly staff who were attentive and pleasant. The continental buffet was great , but was not included in the costs of the stay. Location wise- the hotel was very close to local shops and transport where there was an adjoining shopping centre with boutique shops and restaurants and train station underground .

i stayed at the Langham with 2 girlfriends and it was great. The service was fantastic , the buffett breakfast was beautiful. The hotel is in a great position , close to great shopping and walking distance to the ladies market .

i Don Â ´ t have anything bad to say about this hotel. Everything was just perfect ! Hotel and rooms were clean , restaurants serves good food .

my husband and I had a planned one day lay over in Hong Kong. We chose the Langham Hotel becauce of its amazing location and service. We went all out at got a suite that was 450 a night. The VIP longe and checkin had free food good quality and free drinks even red bulls ! with massage chairs and an awesome view of Hong Kong. It is in the older section but it was filled with culture. For the shopper lover , it is connected to a huge shopping mall ! It is in the heart of all these great markets. The best part was we could walk everywhere , and if we didnt know where we where , all we had to do is look up , find out hotel , and walk towards it. Go to the markets at night ! The hotel had a tour there that is a walking tour and gives you tons of information. Our room was top of the line and very clean. They are very professional and only look to make you happy. To give you an idea how great and personal they are , my husband and I were walking back to our room right after we had checked in , a man working there we had never seen before said &quot ; good morning mr and mrs eastin&quot ; it blew my mind ! i was like dang...they are good here !

we booked two nights at Langham Place Hotel as a stop over on our way home from Australia , but wished we could stay for longer .

we stayed at the Langham Place Hotel four three nights at the end of a ten week holiday. First and foremost , the location is excellent , right in the thick of Kowloon. The staff and rooms were as you would expect from a chain such as the Langham but there were other notable points that gave it that little bit extra :

it was a delightful and wonderful experience we had in langham place hotel. It is what you expect to a 5 star hotel worth every penny. Hotel is absolutely live up to their standard. They gave us a surprise champagne and chocolates in the room as a gift to our engagement I must say that trip advisory helps me to choose this hotel. I truly enjoyed our stay in hongkong and the accomodation. hats off to the staff they are extremely friendly and helpful. I do highly recommend this hotel to anybody .

stayed at the hotel and it easily offers one of the best services. Received a surprise birthday cake on my birthday , and event he doorman rushed out to give us directions when they saw us holding a map .

we stayed here for three nights HD2100 ; Â £ 195 a night in a Prime Place view. Unfortunately , we had a room on the wrong side of the building , so we didn â € ™ t get quite the view we had expected. The room was very good though and had all the high tech gadgets you â € ™ d expect in Hong Kong. The hotel itself is full of extras facilities , like a rooftop swimming pool , spa , Chinese hot baths , sauna , free internet on the 5th floor shame there wasn â € ™ t free internet in the room though. The location is OK , and the staff are very attentive. Overall , this is a very modern hotel , but its very overpriced and there are much better options in better locations .

stayed here for 2nd time in 4 months and cant fault it at all. Excellent service , great rooms , amazing rooftop gym and swimming pool - well worth the money. I would suggest booking on hotels website as you can add breakfast to your room at a discounted rate. Some people have commented its too far , I would disagree - its 4 stops to Hong Kong station a mere 10 mins .

my husband surprised me and booked 5 nights in Hong Kong Last week. The hotel he choose was right in the heart of Mongkok and with all the main markets walking distance .

i stayed in this hotel for three nights and based my choice as it is No.1 in Tripadvisor. The best thing about this hotel is its location , which is based in old time Hong Kong with lots of cheap eats and shopping around .

i stayed at the Langham Place for 2 nights at the end of a 8 week trip to Oz and NewZealand. I had stayed at a different hotel in Kowloon on the outward leg of the journey as I thought the location would be more convenient as it was walking distance to the harbour and only 2 stops across to Hong Kong Island on the metro. I chose to stop at the Langham Place as I knew it was going to be depressing enough going home let alone staying in a budget hotel. I was not disappointed. The room was great. Very comfy bed with good quality linens. Nice bathroom with separate shower. It had a glass wall separating it form the bedroom , which is n't my thing as it seems a bit pointless as you have to keep the blind closed to avoid seeing your partner on the toilet ! The hotel staff were really friendly and very efficient at checkin and arranging shuttle to the airport. It 's probably easier to take the train though as this seemed quicker to us. The best bit about the hotel was the bar. We enjoyed champage in there on our second night and the seafood bar and cheese board were excellent. The bar staff were very attentive and one of them had a real &quot ; Tom Cruise in Cocktail&quot ; bottle juggling thing going on ! We saw some people having afternoon tea the following day and it looked superb. We checked out the pool on the roof and the view and facilities were excellent it ws a bit too cold for us to go in . We requested a late checkout and were given until 2pm free of charge. You get a lot of hotel for the money , I guess due to the location and would definitely stay here again if I came to Hong Kong. There is a metro station right next door so you do n't feel like you are far from anything. The shopping centre adjoinging the hotel is very good .

just got back from staying at the Langham Place for a week and it was amazing. Location is great if you want to feel in the heart of the action of Mongkok. Everything is so easy to get to in Hong Kong with the MTR and cheap taxi 's and the MTR station is only 5 minutes away. Ladies Market around the corner. The rooms we 're huge and the flat screen TV was great. Roof top pool has amazing views. The most impressive thing about the hotel has to be the service. Not once were we not greated with a smile and helped out very quickly , we had every thing that we requested. Food was excellent. My only regret was not staying longer and i look forward to booking this hotel next time i stay in Hong Kong .

stayed here for couple of nights in February in an Essental Place room .

just come back from the 7 's in Hong Kong. Langham Place is a quality hotel. Great service , great food the chef is a 1 * Michelin chef and great rooms. Everything you need to know is on the Cisco phone from messages to sightseeing. TV from all around the globe and great views. Earth hour was great and the snacks they bought out were fantastic - I have never tried raw beef before , but it was awesome .

stayed four nights here. Langham Place is in Mongkok which is not the popular tourist area. Suggest you do not attempt to get here from airport by using the subway as it would be a nightmare getting here from Mongkok station with luggage. Beds comfortable , lovely bathroom. Spoilt by smell of cigarettes as we got out of lift and when we first got to our room it stank of spray used to get rid of smoke of previous guest. We were told the non smoking rooms are in great demand and we had been put in a room which could serve as both. It was fine in the room once the spray smell had gone but the cigarette smell in the passage was unpleasant. Soundproofing of room was not good and we could hear other guests ' tvs. Shower robe , slippers , minibar and electric kettle. Buffet breakfast superb with fantastic service - the staff have to be seen to be believed , they are so good. Ate at the Ming court for a super dinner and also lunch time Dim Sum , both of highest quality. Shopping center attached to hotel has a myriad of cheaper options for meals and lots of shopping. Lots of markets nearby , station for subway , it 's very convenient and much more fun than the touristy area near the harbor unless you really want the upmarket shops on your doorstep .

we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. The standard size room may be small for some people 's taste , but it was good for us. Staff and Service was A + + . Artwork in the building was a nice bonus. Located next to a shopping center and near lots of electronic and shoe shopping as well as nearby the Ladies Market. A 7-11 is near too--which was convenient for drinks and snacks. Oh- and I did n't do this but you can order from a variety of different pillow types .

husband and I had a wonderful vacation to HongKong and Japan to celebrate a birthday and an anniversery. We stayed in a total of four first class hotels see my reviews .

nothing to complain about at all. It 's functional , well-located and with plenty of good , attentive staff. But , i would hardly rate it as 5 * , the gym/pool/sauna are pretty pocket size and the room pretty average in size and facilities. The location is on the one hand great being joined to a shopping mall and the underground , but there is little to do in the vicinity of the hotel outside of the mall. There are no western restaurants , nor bars , but plenty of chinese eateries and plenty of pink neon it is the Soho of Hong Kong . The area is quite authentic and industrial : great if you 're looking for a washing machine belt or power drill , not so great if you 're hungry and in the mood for a nice evening of dining/sightseeing ! The journey downtown is only 15-20 mins .

this was our second visit to Hong Kong in two years and we returned to The Langham Place. We were not disappointed on either occasion .

from the staff at reception , to the girls that refresh your room each day , then come back later to turn you bed down , it was a great hotel. The pool , spa and gym area is to die for. The best part tho ' is the proximity to the MTR and buses and the shopping , especially eating in all the little local haunts .

have read great reviews about hotel and got so say it was all true. Great location , next to MTR. Very good breakfast buffet and rooms where very nice. For around 100HKD you can upgrade to a club room which is slightly larger and on on a higher floor. Worth every penny. Glad we stayed there and not on Hong Kong island as restaurants much cheaper in the kowloon area which ended up saving us a lot of money. Truely a great hotel in a fantastic city !

this hotel impressed me and I am not easy to be impressed :

whilst there is no doubt value for money is excellent especially in room quality eg choice of 10 pillows_ this is no substitute for service at the expected 5 star type .

great Hotel ! Clean , modern , excellent service , and the location is wonderful...although not an upscale 'harborfront hotel&quot ; , this hotel is still upscale , and the location near the Mongkok Night markets......Ladies Market/Electronic/etc. are the best for walking around. Definitely recommend staying here , and would stay again next time .

we checked in for 3 nights in a club level room. Transfer from airport by hotel car excellent , check in small mix-up where they sent us to the lobby first , even though I tried to point out that we had a separate checkin on the 37th floor , they finally figured it out , but wasted 30 minutes .

hong Kong is one of my well-loved places to be as it is the Langham Place Hotel. This time I stayed there just for one night. As usual arrival by very efficient airport express train and MRT to â € œ Mongkok â €  station , which situated under the Hotel. Access to the Hotel from MRT is through the mall , which is ok if you have just light luggage. Due to my very early arrival I do not got the requested room on a very high floor but instead of waiting for my requested room to be ready to move in I decided to check in into a room on 16th floor without a nice view. I booked a standard room , which is on the smaller side but still offer all you would expect from a 5 star hotel. The Pool and wellness area on the top floors offers everything you might need to distress- sauna , steam , hot tub , Japanese-style shower stall , health-club and an outdoor roof top pool huge enough for a few laps and a Jacuzzi. In room dining service is quick and delicious as the amazing buffet breakfast @ The Place is- there is simply for everybody something to choose from. The overall quality and service received is still top notch. There is just one hint- even so there are a few computers for internet access available free of charge , the hotel do charge for In room Internet access- nowadays this should be free of charge !

this hotel is spacious , luxurious and service is excellent. Breakfast is plentiful , both western and asian and the I wouldn ' t stay anywhere else in HK. The free night market tour was just brilliant and gave us a good orientation of where we were in relation to the shops and markets. Just a fantastice 5 star hotel , can not fault them in any way whatsoever. Stayed in Club L suites and felt pampered .

this hotel is simply amazing. Efficient , friendly and professional. As soon as we arrived , hot towels were offered to us at the reception. Great location in Mongkok , in the centre of the shopping area on the Kowloon penninsular. Everything is a short walk away. Room is not as big as I would like it to be , then this is Hong Kong , space is a premium. Would be great if the internet is free ! ! !

langham Place is located in Mong Kok - an area which feels like real China !

we are staying at the Langham Place as I am writing this during 1 week. We are on a trip around the world for 1 year , just to tell you that we have been staying in a lot of hotels , resorts... ;

i booked this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and the recommendation from my daughter 's school to stay in Mongkok. From the minute we reached the hotel , everyone was extremely helpful , kind and friendly. I had booked the least expensive room- I did n't find it offensive when I was offered an upgrade for $ 14US per night- but it turned out nothing was available. The room was very nice- the king bed with many pillows and the rollaway was comfortable my son said and he would complain if it was n't . We had a nice view , three chairs so we could all sit somewhere besides the beds and the incredible windowed bathroom. We had a rain shower and a separate deep tub. The room has a tea and coffee maker why do n't we do that in America ? -so my hot water for tea does n't taste like coffee ! with assorted teabags , coffee regular and 3 kinds of instant and Milo a malted hot drink , a flat screen tv , with a DVD machine , an IPod dock , 3 phones one in the bathroom , nice toiletries and free bottled water. The toiletries and water are replenished at turn down time and extra chamomile teabags left at that time. The gym is great and the pool area is beautiful with large red chaises and bed like rests with an almost a total 360 degree view on the 41st floor. No matter what time of day or evening , everyone smiled at me and said hello. It was a wonderful experience. And if you have not seen one before or not in many years like me , do n't miss the wet market a block behind the hotel- a huge contrast to the mall and the small market in the mall .

myself &amp ; my husband stayed here last week &amp ; were so blown away with the hotel that I thought I would write a quick review for the 1st time as I found the reviews on here so helpful when booking previous trips .

after reading all the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor re this hotel we booked hoping to have a wonderful stay. We booked 5 nights in a Club room @ an average of $ 600 pn. We were thoroughly disappointed. My husband often travels to Asia for work and he thought this was the worst &quot ; 5 star&quot ; hotel he had been to. He reckons the Holiday Inns are nicer ! ! The Club Lounge is very small and cramped. Definately could not just chill out there like we had expected too. We sat there for 10 minutes before we were attended to. The snacks were average. Drinks ok. We then went to our room. It seemed tired....the carpets were worn. The furniture scratched. It was small but we had expected that. I had booked this hotel directly online in Nov 08 and requested lavender pillows from the pillow menu. When we rang to find out their whereabout we were told they did n't have any left. We then made another selection - again , not available. And another - none. We just told them to send what they had. In the morning I had booked a reflexology treatment at Chuan Spa. I am a beauty therapist so was looking forward to a real treat. Again - nothing special. Wasted about $ A100. My husband could see that I was really down about this whole hotel experience so we cancelled the rest of our stay there and moved to another hotel. At this price I had expected much much more. I would rate this hotel at 3 star not 5 .

we splurged at the end of our vacation to stay on the club level at this wonderful hotel for my first visit to Hong Kong. By spending maybe $ 300 a night we were place on a high floor 38 out of 41 with an amazing view , in a beautiful room filled with amenities , and we had access to the 24 hour club lounge , which offers check-in/out , concierge services , full breakfast , afternoon snacks , drinks , coffee , massage chairs , internet , magazines and TV as well as incredible views. If you stay on the club floors , you do n't have to deal with the downstairs staff at all just the doormen ---not that there 's anything wrong with them , it 's just extra convenience for you. Not to be missed is the mall that the hotel is attached to , and a shopping arcade with 13 floors and huge escalators that go up 5 floors at a time .

first , we agree with previous trip advisor member 's comment about this hotel and want to add a little more detail about the hotel. First , the L. Club is a must if you stay at this hotel , it comes with breakfast in the L. Club or their restaurant &quot ; The Place&quot ; . The selection is incredible and we would say it is one of the best buffet breakfast we have ever had. The food selection we are foodies out ranks some of the best ones in Las Vegas. The buffet has dim sum , smoked salmon , sweet fruits , flakey pastries , american breakfast food items and the best tasting coffee individually brewed . you will taste. If you choose to have afternoon cocktails , the L. Club has a huge selection of beverages ; champagne , wines , soda , waters , fresh orange juice and a variety of snacks. It is a great place to go after a long day of walking all over HK .

we stayed at Langham Place hotel 4 nights last week for our first trip to Hong Kong .

it is a very good hotel for the money ~ 1450 Chinese RMB / night average , include tax 10 % , room type Essential Place King Bed .

excellent hotel in central Mangkok right in the middle of everything. Club Room are are bit small , but the in room amenities would make up for it. Room was on the 35th floor with a pretty good view. The room has 3 phones one which you could access the hotel intranet for maps and general information of Hong Kong and airlines which is pretty cool. There ere no printouts anywhere that I could find that explained charges for in room movies or local calls .

i went to the hotel in 2007 , and returned by myself this time coming back to Oz from the UK. I booked a standard room , but recalled that they had &quot ; Rain fall showers&quot ; in the nicer rooms. Like the prevous traveller , they tried the sales job on me for an upgrade. I asked if I could get an upgrade as I was a returning guest , but that didnt seem to count. In the end , I got an upgrade with 2 single beds rather than a King bed which I accepted. So the down side was the single bed , but hey I was on my own at the end of the day : -

we stayed on route to and from oz in a Superior room &quot ; buffet&quot ; breakfast included very clean and modern we were on high floor so the views were fantastic , staff friendly and very helpfull hotel in great location for shopping and exploring all in all we had very pleasant stay both ways

i have to say I was very dissapointed with Langham Place in Hong Kong. We had booked a standard room and when we arrived after a 13 hour flight , the last thing we wanted was a sales pitch to get us to upgrade at an extra charge. Not very five star behaviour .

we stayed here over the New Year based on reviews on tripadvisor. It was great. We could only get the first two nights in a normal double room but booked Club Lounge Room for the last 2 nights which was a much bigger room and free drinks in the lounge with full breakfast choice and snacks all day and night which was definitely worth the difference as all wine and shorts are premium drinks with fridge full of canned soft drinks and mixers too .

located next to a nice shopping centre with lots of shops , restaurants and a good cinema. Metro station in the same complex. Perfect. Service very good , hotel is quite stylish and very comfortable. Every place in the city very easy to reach by Metro network. Use the Octopus card for travelling within the city - best choice .

we stayed there for 3 nights and my stay was amazing .

passing through Hong Kong for 1 night , I wanted a modern luxury hotel with stunning views. That 's what I got at the Langham Place Hotel .

chose this hotel a because I am aware of the Langham hotel in London and b due to all the positive reviews on Trip Advisor .

this was our fifth trip to Hong Kong and I think that I shall never stay anywhere else .

i 'll start by saying that any HK hotel with a pool is a bonus. This one is not only on the rooftop with great views , but it 's heated ! There 's a whirlpool as well and a gym on the level below , with equally impressive views .

we were recommended to stay here by Trailfinders and they were absolutely right ! We upgraded to a club room and had the use of their lounge which is fantastic with breakfast , morning coffee , afternooon tea and cocktails available when you are ! The rooms are so luxurious with bathrooms to die for ! We found the huge supersized bed to be really comfortable with choice of pillows. The hotel staff are so helpful , courteous and pleasant and attend to your every need - we would thoroughly recommend a stay here as an oasis in a mad city ! Truly affordable luxury - they certainly know how to treat their guests .

what all the reviews say about this hotel is true ! We were in Hong Kong for the Bledisloe cup and decided on the Langham. It was probably the best hotel I have stayed in. The rooms were quite small normal for Hong Kong but felt spacious due to the clever use of glass and mirrors. The bathroom was really nicely set up the space was managed in such a way that it did n't feel small .

this hotel has everything you would wish for , very luxurious , clean spacious and comfortable. We upgraded for a small fee to a higher floor room which gave us a better view .

this is my first contribution to tripadvisors readers and as I use this fabulous website to choose the hotels in which my spouse and me will stay I contribute too .

me , my partner and our little toddler spent the 2009 valentines holiday in Hongkong. We stayed at the Langham Place. I frequent Hongkong and I usually stay at the Marco Polo Prince .

i took my father to Hong Kong for his Xmas present and after looking at reviews for various hotels I opted for the Langham Place and it was a great decision ! we had a residence suite on the 37th floor with stunning views over the city and the harbour. We booked the limousine transfer from the Airport through the hotel which was worth the money after a long flight , we arrived in the airport and went to the Langham desk to be greeted by a choice of drinks and our cases taken off us - we did n't then have to touch the cases until we unpacked in the room. On arrival at the hotel we were taken to the private check in in their club L lounge and again provided with refreshments whilst we checked in. The staff were courteous and polite at all times and made us feel right at home. The room was large with all the amenities you could want and whilst the mini bar was expensive , that is what you expect from any large city hotel. The beds were comfy and if I could have unplumbed the shower and put it in my case to bring back to the UK I would have done ! The benefits of the Club L lounge are massive - breakfast Albeit simple provided daily and free tea , coffee and alcoholic drinks all day. We spent quite a bit of time in there between ventures into the area relaxing , enjoying the views and unwinding - perfect. The restaurants in the hotel are excellent but on the expensive side however again , along with the standard of quality comes the price you pay. The area around the hotel is great for hustle and bustle and lots of markets near by to browse and pick up bargains. A first class hotel that knows how to treat people - I would return tomorrow .

some distance away from tourist areas but underground convienient .

we really booked this off the back of Tripadvisor reviews. When I spoke to a couple of people who knew Hong Kong they raised their eyebrows suggesting that Mong Kok was a bit of an odd location. I liken it to the difference between staying in the West End of London vs East London. Or if you do n't know London the difference between staying in Brooklyn and Manhattan. When I got to NYC , I always stay in Brooklyn , better value , coolers , up and coming and perhaps a bit trendier. I think the same applies for Kowloon and Mong Kok. The Langham was only built in 2004 and it 's in the same complex as the areas largest shopping centre and on top of a metro stop. Before it was built , it was an area that not many tourists visited so it does have a more local and more real feel than HK Island. The hotel is in the market district of HK and it 's well worth taking the free tour at 6pm from the lobby which helps orientate and initiate yourself in the area .

this is a hotel that you really appreciate when you stay at another hotel. Everything is perfectly designed and the service is exceptional. Our room was average size for an Australian hotel , but reasonably large when compared to other hotels in HK. We had a great view of the harbour and markets below from our Club Room .

we stayed at Langham Place for four nights to kick start our big tour .

hotel was outstanding ! Service , facility , location all top notch for a reasonable price .

a first class hotel. Definately one of the best in Hong Kong. Stayed here during Chinese New Year week and thoroughly enjoyed it. Deluxe room on 28th flr was spacious with a great bathroom , amazing view of the city and huge bed. Excellent gym , sauna , steam room , jacuzzi on the 41st flr with more breathtaking views of Kowloon. And the swimming pool on the roof ! I would recommend this hotel for its service , rooms , facilities and all round 5 star feel. The location is in the heartbeat of Hong Kong with plenty to see , do and of course eat ! Getting around is easy as the MTR is beneath the Langham shopping mall. Simply faultless and will be staying here again for sure .

first , let me assuage any fears guests might have about the Langham Place being in a &quot ; bad&quot ; location. While there are a couple of dilapidated apartment towers nearby that are n't pleasing on the eyes , at no point did my wife or I have any fears about our safety while being out and about on the streets nearby. Probably the only reason this hotel is not more expensive is because it is further up the Kowloon peninsula in Mong Kok than other hotels. This is easily overcome by the fact that the hotel is connected to a really nice mall that has a MTR subway station. Hong Kong 's MTR system is great for getting around , and if you need to be somewhere quick , the taxis are cheap. The mall that is connected to the hotel has a nice food court and even a small little supermarket if you want to stock up with water and snacks so that you 're not paying minibar prices back in your room .

we arrived in Mong Kok by the fantastic Airport Express Bus. Paid $ HK33 for an hours journey having purchased an Octopus card you must buy one . Entering the hotel via the beautiful shopping mall we were dealt with quickly and efficiently by the reception staff. We were told we had been upgraded to a better room which was nice. The room itself was very high up with great views over the city. The room was clean and well kept. Good facilities in the room as well. A very very expensive mini bar was emptied and replaced with our own wine and beer ! The leisure facilities were really nice - A rooftop pool with jacuzzi and great views - A sauna , steam room and another jacuzzi in the changing rooms - A very well stocked gym with floor to ceiling windows looked nice from the outside but we were on holiday ! .

as usual , I scanned tripadvisor.com thoroughly before settling on a hotel for our hong kong trip , as there a lot of new hotels since I went in 2001. Langham Place stood out in the reviews and I booked via opodo.com for an Essential Place room at Â £ 121 prpn , which seemed a good deal for a 5 * hotel in the centre of Kowloon .

we arrive via tour bus at driveway , bellboy gather our luggage. a lady greeted us , took us to elevator where we went up to the check-in lobby. we were greeted by a check-in staff. presented our passports. while waiting , the first lady who greeted us offered my whole family hot steaming towels , it was a nice gesture. we went up to our rooms shortly. upon inspection , it was roomy. bathroom was very clean &amp ; smell clean. it has complete stuff like shampoo , conditioner , body wash , toothbrush &amp ; toothoaste , shaver &amp ; shaving cream , tissue box , 2 rolls toilet paper , hair dryer , soap. in the cabinet 2 bathrobe , 2 sets slippers , ironing board , electronic safe , shoe brush &amp ; shoe slip-in assist , detergent , sewing kit , shower cap , napkin bag , comb , emery board , cotton buds , laundry bag &amp ; request list. Ref is fully stocked. full complement of tea bags , coffee , sugar , cream , milk , 2 complimentary bottled water/day , coffee maker &amp ; kettle , power adopter in case you forgot to bring one , LCD tv &amp ; dvd player , internet connection , note pads , brochures , magazines , pocket size vicinity map showing hotel , banks , malls , food area. street markets , etc. lots of pillows. electronic control AirCon. Clock-radio with an ipod dock,

we flew to Hong Kong with Emirates via Dubai and following the two 7 hour flights we transferred to the Langham Place .

as with every hotel we stayed in in HK , the service from the moment you car pulls up is exemplary. Your bags will be lifted out of the car for you and that 's the last you 'll see of them until they are brought to you room. A word of advice is not to turn up around midday as that is when everyone else is checking out and there is usually a queue at the regular reception .

the room decor is modern. The hotel is connected to Langham Place Shopping mall and Mongkok station .

this place is great. The views from the rooms over the bay are panoramic. The wall facing the view in our room was totally made of glass which looked good. The service and everything about this place is superb. The local area is interesting with local markets and there is a tube station in the mall next door should you want to head over the the island .

a great place to stay when you do n't have much time. We arrived at lunchtime on one day and were leaving the following evening en route to Sydney. Loved the location and easy access to the markets. We spent a good couple of hours just exploring the local area. If you want to go further access to the underground is two mins walk .

langham Place was quite simply the best hotel I have ever stayed in. From beginning to end this stay was an absolute pleasure. The room , which was on the 38th floor , had a stunning view over the city , and whilst not of the Hong Kong Island , was amazing as it looked over the typically Hong Kong Tower Blocks of Kowloon and beyond. The room was well presented and quite spacious , very modern with every thing you could need. The hotel facilities were fantastic , including a roof top pool again with more great views of the city. The breakfast was delicious , really varied and well worth the price. Every member of staff we came into contact with was polite efficient and very helpful. The concierge was knowledgable and helpful throughout. I simply can not recomend this hotel highly enough and it fully deserves it 's top spot on this list. Compared with the prices of some Hong Kong hotels further down the top 10 , this hotel is an absolute steal .

booked by internet via Expedia while sitting in hotel room in Hanoi , VIetnam. Confirmation was immediate. I was concerned that we would get a less than great room as we did book through Expedia , but not a chance .

do not be put off by the fact that this hotel is in Mongkok and not straight on the harbour front. This makes the experience all the better as you actually see more of what the real Hong Kong is all about. It is a bustling and lively area with various markets round about. The concierge runs a tour of the local area that lasts about 45 mins each night. It 's free so do n't miss it. There is a metro station nearby and can be reached within 2 minutes of leaving the hotel , either by weaving through the floors of the adjacent shopping mall look out for the huge escalator - I 've never seen anything like it or by walking out of the front door and going round the corner .

attention to detail excellent. Location excellent... Service excellent. rooms excellent.....staff excellent.. can not go wrong with this hotellll .

this property hits the sweet spot. Its combination of superb service , fine amenities and great location makes this a top choice in Hong Kong .

thank YOU , THANK YOU , THANK YOU VERY MUCH TO THE STAFF OF THE LANGHAM PLACE MONGKOK LPM . You made this our best hotel stay ever. Everyone â € “ from Pink in reservations , to the three or four different consierges we spoke to , to the room staff , to the checkout receptionist- was over the top. LPM did not only meet expectations ; but , it exceeded those big time .

we stayed 4 nights in a Club room over the Xmas period.The rooms are small but well appointed.The club lounge was worth paying the money for and the staff were so very helpful .

langham Place Hotel is highly recommended. The only downside is the distance from Star Ferries , however it is well located in Nathan Road Above an underground Station - Excellent for shopping both in Malls and markets - some tourist some local .

booked Langham Place after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and we were not dissapointed. We took a club room and while it costs a wee bit more , I reckon its good value. We ate breakfast every morning in The Place and they offer a good variety which should cover all tastes. We ate a hearty breakfast which kept us going until evening and its included in the room price. Club privilages also includes wireless internet access and use of the spa and rooftop pool. Laying in the hot tub looking out over the Hon Kong skyline is brill. Club L access gives you breakfast , afternoon tea , light snacks , soft drinks and some of the hard stuff between 6 and 8 , so I think upgrading to club actually saves money

langham Place super 5 * hotel in the hub of Mongkok . Langham Place customer service was excellent. We up graded our room so it was nice and big with fab views of the city. We ate at the hotels Chinese restaurant a couple of times , which was also excellent. We stayed at 3 hotels whilst we were in Hong Kong over Christmas and New Year that were all very good. We liked the Luxe Manor best because it was so quirky and different , with the added value of free bottled water and Internet access worse breakfast though . My only bug bear which I notice a few people have mentioned was the Langham Place was what I would call a typical 5 * business hotel any thing extra how ever basic like water , internet access you had to pay extra for , I do think in this day and age internet should be in the price you pay at the start as it is a basic necessity for most people these days. However saying that Langham Place offered good value for money over all .

langham was the first stop on a mont long trip for us and we loved it ! After reading reviews on this site we went ahead and booked it and were not dissappointed. Although not on the main hong kong island there are plenty of shop and restaurants in the area - the shopping mall that is literally attached to the hotel is great to have on the door step .

check in was quick and efficient and staff were proffessional , we were on the 21st floor and although the lifts were very quick some with views of outside on the higher floors they did take a very long time to become available .

i stayed at Langham Mongkok with my family for 5 nights in December. The hotel staff are , like other 5-star hotels in HK , very efficient , polite and professional at the front desk , room service and housekeeping. The hotel decor is modern , though the bathroom is a bit small. Everything is very clean and tidy. The location is fantastic. Right in Mongkok. The only thing I wish they would improve is the security - anyone is allowed to enter the lifts at the ground level to the guest room floors without identification. The only time that you need to insert your doorcard into a slot in the lift is past 11pm. There is no security personnel at the street level lift lobby and the front desk for check-in and check-out is on the 4th floor. But HK is generally a safe place , so I did n't let this bother me much .

fantastic location ! Mongkok

we stayed here for three nights from 14-16 December 08 and just loved it. Much as I love living and travelling in Europe it was a nice change and a real joy to go to Asia and experience a service oriented culture again !

from our first enquiry email to the moment we checked out of the property , the Langham Place Hotel was an absolute pleasure to deal with. We loved the great location , attached to the shopping mall and to the MTR station , yet in the middle of the real Hong Kong once you step outside. The ladies markets and some great electronics stores at your doorstep .

all the employees where helpful and friendly. The room lived up to expecations and was great value for the high quality. A little problem with the internet connection was soon fixed. Excellent room service. My short stay concluded with the duty manager escorting me personally to my taxi. Could not have asked for better treatment .

the hotel rooms are very nicely decorated and it feels very warm and homely .

i am more of a budget traveller so this was a fantastic experience for me. We began our honeymoon with 3 nights in a Club room and really appreciated the extra service and the lounge with the complimentary snacks and drinks. We also used the pool and the gym which were both excellent. The staff were very friendly and helpful and as we were leaving very early in the morning on our last day even arranged breakfast in our room before the restaurants were open which was much appreciated .

i travel extensively for business and leisure. I have Hilton Diamond VIP and always stay at the Conrad Hilton in Hong Kong when on business. This time , for a family vacation , made more geographical sense to look for alternative hotel location. Selected the Langham Place based on reviews here. Excellent choice for a change ! Outstanding service from all staff during our 5-day stay over the Christmas period - courteous , friendly , very professional. Very good property , good location if you are a tourist however , relatively far from financial/business centre , good food. Refreshing to NOT have to complain or be disappointed about something. 10/10 !

a very belated review I 'm afraid but my husband and I were on our honeymoon. We stayed in a Club room which was just gorgeous with a small kitchenette with mini bar , lovely bathroom , massive bed and plasma tv and a separate living room with plasma tv. The views over Hong Kong were stunning. Our room was clean , tidy , very comfortable at all times .

i usually stayed at the tiresome Shangri La and Sheraton in Kowloon for my business trips to Hong Kong. After much complaint made to my colleagues in Hong Kong , they decided to have me stay in Langham Place in Mong Kok .

a fantastic hotel .

we stayed 3 nights on a stopover break from New Zealand. The location of the hotel is great , right next to a large shopping mall with direct access to the MTR. We could not fault the staff who were always available to answer any query. We went on the hotel free 1 hour evening guided tour of local markets which was informative. The pool was excellent with wonderful views over Hong Kong skyline. Ask for a high room for wonderful views - this hotel would not be good for guests suffering from vertigo ! The glass wall between the en-suite bathroom and bedroom was a bit of a shock until we realised there was a blind to pull down ! The restaurant and bar are expensive but very good. Plenty of other eating options in the adjacent shopping mall.We had a 5am departure and ordered breakfast in our room at 4.15am , it arrived bang on time and beautifully presented .

we have just returned from spending a week at the Langham Place and had a fabulous time. From the moment we arrived the staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. we booked an executive room and we were most impressed , particularly with the views and the bathroom .

my wife and I spent our Christmas and New Year holiday at the Langham Place and it was the best ever. Even though it was three years since we last stayed here there was note welcoming us back. We stayed a total of nine nights and booked the Sweet Place on the 36th floor at the club level. It was well worth it for the extra room space and inclusive club benefits and facilities .

the Hotel is located in a very busy working area and it is great to go outside and see small markets , the MTR and a shopping Mall. We stayed for four very comfortable nights in a Club Junior Suite .

very modern hotel. Rooms are quite big per Hong Kong standards .

i stayed at the Langham Place with my 83 year old father and 26 year old son , who has learning difficulties. I loved this hotel - the subtle decor , the gorgeous scented aroma of the entire place , the view from the room , the classy bathroom. It was all a delight .

my hubby and I first stayed at Langham Place Hotel in July 2007 for four nights. We were very happy with the Hotel 's service and room that we went home and raved about it. We even recommended friends and colleagues to stay at the Hotel when they planned for trips to HK. The Hotel had created a lasting impression on us .

what previous reviews have said were true ! This hotel deserves to be on the very top list of Hong Kong. The room was very well decorated and with a little integration of technology has made it a whole lot better. The only bad thing is that internet is not free .

the Langham is a luxury hotel at a very reasonable rate. It 's a very short walk to the subway that quickly and cheaply takes you anywhere you want to go in Hong Kong .

this newer high rise hotel in the Mong Kok district prides itself on high tech features like a CISCO smartphone and little touches like a doorbell and tasteful lights outside your door that indicate if you do n't want to be disturbed or , conversely , would like the room made up. What surprised us , though , was the fact that one entire wall of the bathroom , which ran along the tub and faced the bed , was clear glass ! Is this so you can watch TV while you bathe - or is it intended for more interpersonal visions ? A shade on one side and blinds on the other allows you to make your own decisions .

my husband , daugher and I rented two Club rooms , which were great. Wonderful , comfortable beds , clean modern rooms , although not the largest we 've ever stayed in. Bathroom also was new - wonderful shower with both &quot ; rainbird&quot ; and hand held shower fixtures , plenty of hot water , good water pressure. Also the heat/air conditioning worked well. The three absolutes for a good hotel room - good pillow , good shower , ability to regulate the room temperature. Paying for a room on the top floors with access to the &quot ; club&quot ; was more expensive but well worth it. The concierge there was very helpful. There was always something good to eat available they have breakfast , tea , cocktails and a dessert time , it had ready computer access and was quite comfortable after walking around the packed streets of Hong Kong. You have the choice of breakfast in the club or downstairs , with the downstairs breakfast much more elaborate , with plenty of choice of food. Know , however , that everything is cleared promptly at the time they say breakfast ends. We arrived at the hotel late in the evening and left mid- morning - both times used the limo service , and again , although there was cost involved , we found it was worth the money. The location is n't the best - most americans do n't stay in kowloon , we were told by local ex-pats we met , and they refer to it as &quot ; the dark side,&quot ; - but we found it convenient to the underground and easy to get where we wanted to go. We also wanted a more traditional experience , rather than a purely touristy one. We did n't visit the market there but did another several blocks away - mainly inexpensive but not terribly impressive goods. The attached shopping mall is exactly that - a fairly traditional shopping mall. All in all , we really enjoyed our stay .

my husband and I stayed at the Langham Place for 2 nights at the start of our honeymoon. We could not have picked a better hotel !

langham Place Cowloon was a brief stay in heaven. The service was incredible. The cleanliness and decor was outstanding. The restaurant was fantastic. The spa ! The space was gloriously tranquil and amazingly equipped. The rooftop pool area was a marvelous little getaway in the city with it 's comfy furniture and excellent bar service. Walking into Langham Place with their warm and helpful greeters was better than any hotel I 've been in. Langham Place is worth every effort to stay .

changed hotel in HongKong after having read comments from other Tripadvisor visitors .

this hotel is gorgeous especially the spa facilities

the Langham Kowloon is by far my favorite hotel in Kowloon. Yes , there is the Peninsula but you are paying at least another $ 2000 HK per night. The Langham Place offers the best value for the money and the rates have been falling over the last year .

my wife and I stayed at the Langham Place for 7 nights at the begining of December to celebrate our 30th Wedding Anniversary. From the moment we entered the hotel we felt welcomed. The staff were attentive , friendly and courteous and went out of the way to assist , e.g. when we asked for directions to the Ladies market. which is close by the hotel , it was n't just an explanation , the member of staff took the time to come out side with us and point us in the right direction .

usually when you book a top rated hotel from this site you get good value for money. Not this time ! Booked prime room for me girlfriends birthday. tried to check in at 4 and they said we could not check in until 5.30 ! When you pay over 2500HK for a room you at least want to spend some time in it ! . Eventually they told us we ca n't have that room and we had been upgraded. Sadly tho the room we were upgraded to was downgrade ! Also housekeeper barged in after 30 mins of arrival to clean room it had been cleaned 30mins previously and were disturbed by a bellboy trying to give us a bucket of ice that we had n't ordered. Other people at check in seemed to had same problem about room not being ready. Me and the girlfriend laughed it all off but seriously tho the service was worse than terrible !

this is a very nice 5 star hotel in the middle of Kowloon , Hong Kong. I booked a weekend special direct with the hotel and the cost was $ 365 for 2 nights with taxes and service. Ask for a high floor with a harbor view , which they will give you if available. Free internet available on the 5th floor. Super nice gym available on the 46th floor.....if nothing else go there for the sunrise and sunset views ! Rooms slightly small , but very well appointed , shade and blinds available to provide privacy between the bathroom and bedroom area-no problem with glass partition. Staff very accomodating. Hotel connected to very nice shopping center with stores , food court , and supermarket .

this hotel was by far the cheapest 5 star hotel I have ever stayed in .

i booked Langham Place for a three night romantic getaway for my partner and I and from the moment we stepped inside the hotel , our expectations were far exceeded and we could n't have been more impressed by both the service and factilities on offer .

i have to concur with previous reviewers. This was a wonderful hotel. The staff was exceptionally good. We had booked 6 days at the Langham and had booked 5 days in Macau. After speaking with other travellers , they said that we should only spend two nights in Macau. After hearing that , we changed our booking in Macau and booked the Intercontinental in Hong Kong for the extra nights. Just to show how muuch we did not want to leave the Langham , we cancelled the Intercontinental and spent the extra days at the Langham. This hotel really felt like a home away from home. There was only one unfriendly person the whole time we were in Hong Kong and she was the person cooking eggs in the Langham restaurant. For a city of millions of people , that 's pretty impressive .

loved this hotel. Not cheap but not a bad deal for what you get. Super modern , well designed rooms complete with full electronic gear and awesome views the hotel rooms start high up and it 's the tallest building around .

i 've stayed in LHP twice , once last year and another time this year.. I ca n't start to say how much I love the place. I could live there forever.. ! I love the bathrooms ! !

the Langham Place is a fantastic place to stay , I 've never experienced such politeness and customer service. The staff are incredibly helpful , very welcoming and polite and nothing seems to be too much trouble. We spent 2 nights here on the way to Aus and booked a King size room which was fantastic. The standard rooms appeared a bit on the small side from the glimpses that we saw of them but I 'm sure the other facilities in the hotel would make up for this. The Gym is great as is the spa area and the pool. The Mong Kok area is an interesting if somewhat hectic place to stay but hey that 's the case everywhere in Hong Kong , do n't expect to walk anywhere in a hurry , this is the most populated area on the planet and it certainly feels like that when you take what should be a 20 minute walk down to Victoria Harbour ; do n't expect to do it in less than 40 minutes .

i moved here after originally booking into Langham Hotel in TST by mistake - the staff there moved me quickly to the Langham Place. I had previously stayed at JW Marriott on HK Island but thought it expensive and sought out the Langham Place due to its proximity to my office and it was cheaper than JWM .

i spent two nights at the Langham Place in Hong Kong , Mongkok District Kowloon .

we stayed for 3 nights at the Langham Place over a weekend .

summary :

i stayed here with my wife for my 40th birthday. We decided to splash out and stay in one of the suites called 'Sweet Place ' two bathrooms , two TV 's so we could have access to the club lounge. I recommend visitors do this as it also includes breakfast which is excellent. If possible try and get a room on the 36th floor. This is where the club lounge resides and it then almost becomes an extension of your room. You can just pop outside your room to get unlimited drinks and deserts/snacks etc .

going to Hong Kong for the 1st time can be a bit daunting and if you 're looking for the perfect place to situate yourself , then the Langham fills the bill. It 's at the heart of Kowloon and close to malls , trains and ferries. The staff are of the highest standard and ca n't do enough for you , right down to the chambermaids .

stayed for three nights in a standard room. As with other reviews , found the hotel to be excellent - the room was spacious , the bathroom fantastic and the bar excellent. Given the rate , it was incredible value for money .

my boyfriend and I only stayed here for one night on our way back to London for the Phillipines. I wish I could have stayed forever !

after seeing all the raving reviews here we booked the Langham Place for our two stays in Hong Kong this month. Everything was true : This is an excellent hotel ! Check-in was a breeze. We were very early so we could change in the spa after an 11 hour flight to HK. Hotel room was ready around noon : What a great room. Not very big but felt more roomy due to the glass wall of the bathroom. Everything you could wish for was there in the room. Great bathroom with a view of the city and harbour , very comfy bed with lots of soft pillows , all kinds of amenities. I ca n't think of anything negative about the room or the hotel. We booked breakfast in advance 130 HKD per person , great. On our last day we had to leave very early for an 8.00 AM flight to the mainland so we had breakfast in our room at 4.30 AM. At exactly 4.30 breakfast was served to our room , everything that we asked for was there .

i 'm not going to repeat everyone else but you ca n't go wrong with a Club Room and access to the lounge - price includes ALL drinks and food throughout the day in the Club Lounge and the Club rooms are amazing .

we recently returned from staying at Langham Place in Hong Kong...I can only say it was an excellent experience. We splurged and requested transfers from the airport...do this...hot towells , water , porter all await you...worth the price , then we arrived , had our own check in person , took us right up to our lovely room on the 21st floor...nice view...finished...From then on it was great service , terrific breakfasts , lovely comfortable clean room and answers to all our questions. I simply can not recommend this hotel enough.. .

we booked this hotel for a 2 day stop over on our way back to the UK from New Zealand , the previous recommendations were very accurate and it certainly did n't disappoint .

as a club member , we got 3 days upgrade to the suite and the service is wonderful. Our group had 5 people but only 2 check-in of course so we had to tiptoe around the Club level and I 'm sure the staff knew but just tried to ignore it for our own sake. Delicious food and drink in the Club is available to dine-in or even take back to room all through the day and free breakfast for 2 people/room. In the morning 2 people in our group had their breakfast in the Club house and 2 in the buffet area downstair , totally free of charge we know we are badddd . Beside welcoming fruits on the first day , every evening we received a free plate of chocolate/cookies and 3 cups of ice-cream hidden in the freezer. The bed is a bit small though. Swimming pool and sauna/steam room/hot tub are beautiful. They use Molton Brown and their own brand Langham toiletries. The food court linked to the hotel is amazing and I 'm not even a food court person . The shopping mall which Langham is connected is not very big compared to other malls in Hong Kong , but they have stores like H&amp ; M , Seibu , I.T , Kiehls etc and a movie theatre. The Mongkok MTR station is right across the street , HSBC bank is within 5 min walk if you have HSBC account anywhere in the world , go to the bank here to convert your money because they offer the best rate with no fee . The Mongkok area around the hotel is full of activities and shops electronics , shoes , night market etc open until very late. The flower -birds - fish market is also close by. If you want a luxury hotel within a local hang-out area on Kowloon side , Langham is the best choice for you .

we stayed here for 4 nights in Feb 08 , and loved the hotel .

loved our stay at the Langham. We took the train from the airport to Kowloon station and took a cab to the hotel cost $ 25HKD . There were porters ready to help us with our bags. Checkin was quick and easy. We were given a free upgrade to the Executive Level .

mong Kok may seem an odd place to base yourself in HK but believe me , it works .

they obviously invested a lot to make this a good hotel. But.. .

i have to say this is the only 5 star hotel I have stayed in so I do n't exactly speak from a wealth of experience , but I found the hotel to be amazingly well-equipped and well presented without being ostentatious. The staff were very attentive but not overly-so .

stayed at the Langham in early Sept for 3 nights. Since I was traveling with my wife and 4-year old , I booked a Residence Suite and had pre-ordered a transfer from the airport. This was a great choice .

this hotel is very nice and had all the mod cons you would expect. Personally I would n't stay here again purely because I would choose another location next time but the hotel was lovely , especially the pool !

langham place is a wonderful hotel in a great location. MTR station in the building makes getting around Hong Kong very easy. I stayed in the hotel alone , security was great and I felt very safe. I would highly recommend this hotel. Looks and smells great too !

i stayed at Langham Place Hotel w/ my partner for 3 nights in later-Sep/early-Oct. I think our stay was worthwhile because the room , facilities &amp ; services match its 5-star rating , while room rate is more affordable than the other 5-star hotels in Kowloon .

stayed here for the first week of honeymoon. The hotel was fantastic. Booked Club level room directly with the hotel , so got a discount for 10 % paying in advance . Stayed on 39th floor in a studio room : this is at the end of the corridor and has got 180 degree view windows instead of walls for half of the room . View was amazing , especially as this is the tallest building in Mongkok. Staying at Club level meant we had access to the Club L lounge and you could eat and drink here , all day and also had access to computers , internet and printer .

this hotel is just superb ! Great rooms with a huge plasma TV , high tech bathroom , great bed , beautiful views ! A huge shopping center ist just outside the hotel as is the metro station of Mongkok. On the room there is a beautiful swimmingpool and a great fitness center ! The hotel to be in Kowloon/Mongkok !

they do n't come much better than this. Efficient and friendly staff , stylish interior and excellent facilities - what 's not to like ? We stayed two nights and loved every minute of it. For a first visit to Hong Kong , it was a great choice that made us enjoy the town all the more. I would have no hesitation in booking this hotel again or in recommending it to friends .

we took the family 2 adults 2 kids , 9 &amp ; 13 to Hong Kong Sept 24 for a week and had a wonderful time at The Langham Place Hotel. We had a quad room and it was perfect with queen bed and 2 single 's , a magnificent bathroom and wonderful views. The Pool on the 41st floor was a real hit with the kids. The staff were plentiful and attentive. The buffet breakfasts were extensive and the Ming Court restaurant was very good. The hotel is attached to a very good fashion shopping Mall and close to Ladies Market , electronics and sporting goods streets. We found the MTR a dream to use , once we purchased the Octopus card. Entry to the MTR station was via the shopping mall - all undercover and air conditioned .

i was in China for all of August 2008 for work. I work primarily in China or on the border in Sheung Shui. Normally I stay closer to the border , but due to the Olympics I had to make other plans .

i wanted someplace different to stay in Hong Kong this time and chose this one based on trip advisor reviews. the staff were super friendly and attentive. i mean they were great ! ! i chose the smaller room and yes , it was small , but it was nice. cleverly decorated , a little wear and tear but well within acceptable ranges. bed softer than usual chinese style , but still pretty stiff for my western tastes. the bathroom was unique and has taken up the newer style of having things open and visible if you want , but they allow for full privacy if you want that also. watch out for the faucet in the sink tho ! jet powered and all over your shirt .

we stayed at the Langham Place 14 - 16 September for 3 nights. I was looking forward to it after reading the reviews on TA. We arrived in the afternoon after a long overnight flight from the UK. It was strange to arrive at a small space and take a lift up to the lobby. Check in was quick and painless and I had arranged an upgrade to an executive room before we arrived .

my Partner and I stayed here in late September 08. I truly ca n't understand the raving , salivating and gushing reviews on here .

this hotel was one of the highlights of our honeymoon. We will always remember the langham fondly and are so attached we 're choosing to stay with them in their hotel in Krabi for our next holiday. It really makes a difference when you 're on a high stress sight seeing holiday to have somewhere you can go back to to relax at the end of the day. And the views from our room were amazing. We have so many scetches of the hong kong skyline .

a hotel that perfectly blends luxury and technology , from the moment reservations are made online to the I-Pod enabled music players in the room .

previous writers have rated this hotel highly and I am simply adding my fulsome praise. We stayed for a week in September 2008. It is rare to enjoy such hospitality and attention to detail in a modern hotel. Location is convenient , interesting and well connected by taxi and public transport. Rooms finished and equipped to a high standard. Staff , whether concierge , restaurant , check in , spa , pool or Club lounge well worth paying extra were efficient , friendly and helpful. To be frequently greeted by name and a smile is commendable. Other H-K hotels , while often excellent feel 'stuffy ' in comparison. Slightly larger room would have been nice but the hotel lacked for nothing. Probably the best city hotel experience I have ever enjoyed .

my wife and I stayed at the Langham Place Mongkok LPM in late August this year .

this was my second visit to the Langham and it was nothing short of fantastic .I arranged for the Limo , which for 3 people works out at around 200HK $ 30A more than the Airport Express

we have just returned from staying at this lovely hotel.Our first thought when we pulled up was eegh the location,more about that later.We were taken to check in and very quickly booked in.We had an executive room on the 32nd floor,it was great,large flat screen plasma tv,dvd player,coffee tea tray,floor to ceiling windows with a great view,the best bit was the bathroom with a glass screen looking into the bedroom,a lovely deep bath tub a glass shower cubicle and a glass wash basin.We also had bathrobes and slippers.The bed was very comfy and large king size The room was spotlessly clean and the maid done a brilliant job each day as did the turn down staff who replaced towels etc if needed.The pool is on the 41st floor and open from 6.30am until 11pm each day,they have changing rooms with showers and hot tub in,also everything else you could need gels , shampoo ,conditioner ,hairspray , deodorant,hairdryer.The breakfast buffet was excellent you can have eggs cooked any way hot buffet mix of chinese and english,bread and pastry counter,cereals porridge , cold meats and smoked salmon.They even have yakult and much more including a choc fountain.The dinner buffet is out of this world for 358hkd mon to thurs and 408hkd on fri sat and sun it is worth every penny ,the king prawns are the biggest ive ever seen and the desert counter is to die for.They have to much to list here.The location at first looks a bit scruffy but once you get walking about amongst the millions it seems like it of people it is great,we preferred this side to hong kong island.You are a 15 minute walk from temple street night market and 10 mins from ladies market and we felt very safe walking about at midnight.There is also a huge mall and mtr station adjoining the hotel.The only thing i would say is watch your bill,we went to ask about getting an early breakfast as we lraving at 6 and they tried to tell us we were only booked in to have 6 breakfasts out of 8 day stay,i had given them my voucher from travel agent stating 8 days but they were adamant and said they would have to ring them,it turns out we had paid for 8 so they said we could have the last days in room when i went to check out she was going to charge me ,said computer hadnt been updated 2 days ago she said we wouldnt be charged,we will wait for the credit card statement to come.This was the only blip.They had alco left a large bottle of wine and chocolates in our room for our wedding anniversary which was lovely.So all in all i would say stay at this modern spotlessly clean and friendly hotel and soak up the local atmosphere.We thought it was great .

we 've just returned from a 6 night stay at this hotel and I can only echo all the praise extressed by fellow reviewers. Inparticular I would advise visitors to pay the extra for the club lounge - if you consider it includes breakfast which is something like Â £ 15 a head anyway then it 's not a whole lot more. We were in and out of there all the time. It was very handy to use the lounge as a base , an extension to your room. We 'd get back from visits and nip in for a drink and a nibble whatever time of day almost. It was never overly busy and we chatted to a number of people. The sinlge visitors we spoke to quite liked the fact that it was an opportunity to interact with others .

myself and my husband stayed here at the end of our honeymoon. We stayed in 3 hotels in Thailand before we arrived in Hong Kong. We had arranged the hotels car pick up service which was fast &amp ; efficient. On arrival at the hotel we were being led to the main check-in desk however as we were staying in a club room we shoudve been taken straight up to the lounge to check in. I had emailed the hotel letting them know we were on honeymoon and they said they would have champagne for us but we didnt get any. We were disappointed after the fantastic treatment we received in the hotels in Thailand .

too expensive but good

the GOOD

if you want the authentic Hong Kong experience , this is the place to stay. It is luxurious AND situated in the middle of Mong Kok , one of the more interesting shopping districts in Hong Kong. Just two block away from the hotel you 'll find the Ladies Market , packed with street traders , and bustling with locals. This is not to say that luxury shopping is not close at hand , as the hotel is adjacent to the magnificent Langham Place mall , with shopping on over 17 levels. The Mong Kok MTR station is accessed easily from the mall , giving fast access to Hong Kong island. Watch for the early-morning subway crush though .

our Langham Place stay started on a high note with our arrival at Hong Kong airport,we had arranged transfer with the hotel and our arrival at the airport hotel desk was greeted with smiles refreshments a lovely welcome and a speedy stress free transfer to the hustle and bustle of Mongkok and the towering glittering Langham Place hotel where once again the staff ensured that our welcome,check in and transfer to our suite on the 38th floor went smoothly and quickly.The rooms were spacious well appointed with a small kitchen lovely marble bathroom and a view over Mongkok towards the harbour to die for.The hotel is located within walking distance of the markets and a direct link to the underground station and you feel as if you are in 'old ' Hong Kong.The Langham Place isa luxury modern hotel where the staff do everything to ensure that you enjoy your stay .We will be back .

i have just returned from a 3 night stay in a club room at the Langham Place and would definately recommend this hotel to anyone , particularly the club rooms. Check in is done in the club lounge which was the only problem I had with this hotel. There was always a wait at the club desk whenever I went there including check in and check out as they seem to be doing the job of concierge and front desk for all the club rooms. At least you can enjoy a drink in comfort whilst you wait ! The staff were always very friendly and efficient and apologetic if you had to wait .

having just got married in Fiji we arrived in Hong Kong for the start of our honeymoon. I had chosen the Langham Place Hotel from the reviews on Trip Advisor. I booked my accommodation direct with the hotel and was very impressed with the efficiency they showed with my bookingenquiries. I can honestly say this hotel throughly deserves it top rating on Trip Advisor !

this is such a beautiful hotel. The staff were extremely helpful at all times. I loved my room which was very spacious and it was so nice to be able to watch the Olympics from the bathtub ! The huge TV on the wall was great and I was so busy that I never did use the DVD player provided. The cleanliness was awesome , the bed was very comfortable and the pillows so soft. I also tried the lavender and rose pillows from the pillow menu , Mmmmmm. The hotel provides complimentary water in the room and plenty of tea , coffee and milk in the fridge. There is a safe in the closet. I had a free newspaper daily. There is free use of internet in the Portal on level 5 with 3 Macs and 4 PCs so I only had to queue once. The rooftop swimming pool is very nice. The only drawback I could imagine some would find is the location in Mongkok but I love travelling by bus and the hotel is only 2 blocks from the Nathan Road and all the buses there and the Mongkok MTR station. I used the extra sightseeing part of my day as a bonus. On the other hand , the hotel is very near the Ladies Market and Temple Street Night Market. The Langham Place mall is linked to the hotel and there is a food court and a little convenience store .

this is my second stay at the Langham Place , my last visit was two years ago. The hotel has a good location in Mongkok , which is a slightly run down area but is safe for tourists , with easy access to a number of attractions and shopping areas , the primary reason for most peoples visit. The MTR is next to the hotel , although taxis are cheap and more convienient. The hotel has a good sized gym with a roof top pool , and the well equipped changing rooms feature a sauna , steam room and hot tub. Although showing signs of wear , the rooms are fairly spacious with nice bathrooms. Service at the restaurants and reception was efficient , but fairly clinical , I unsuccesfully attempted to arrange a late check out from my room , a simple and reasonable request , but I was advised to contact my travel agent in the UK as this would be easier ! If this is your first visit to HK you wo n't be disappointed with this hotels location and facilities , however for returning visitors or the more discerning traveller there are better alternatives available .

great experience here. Excellent service from the moment we walked in the door to the moment we left. The club rooms are worth the extra money because you get club privileges - late check in ; free drinks and food 24/7 ; great views over Hong Kong from the club lounge and you can use the facilities after you have checked out if you have a late flight .

oasis of peace in the middle of the bustle of Mongkok. Superb hotel with all the expected facilities at a good value price. Our 25th floor Executive Room was spacious , clean &amp ; comfortable. Excellent service throughout. We have never had as stress free an arrival in a new city as we did in Hong Kong , having booked the transfer from the airport to the hotel. Good location close to subway , making easy connections to all parts of the city .

went with my wife for 1 Week and weren Â ´ t disappointed. Good location MTR every 5 min in every direction just on a reach , Mall connected with nice shops an food stalls recommend the pepper house , great rooftop pool 42 floor , nice spa facilities and gym on 41 floor .

we stayed at the Langham Place for 5 nights in August and were not disappointed. My wife and I both agreed that is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in .

in my job I get the chance to stay in many many hotels all around the world that range from 5 + stars everything to 1 star its a room depending on the location however as its business I 'm not paying so im always interested in trying new places and taking a chance .

i spend 10 days in Hong Kong , between three hotels all 5 starts in HK Island , Kowloon , and Mongkok .

where do I start to tell you of our fantastic experience recently in Hong Kong/Mong Kok. Well , firstly we paid for a Limo pick up and return to the Airport , so once our flight landed from Denpesar in Bali , we collected our luggage and made our way to the Langham Place reception desk situated at Area B where we were greeted with a welcome pack and a variety of soft drinks and waters. We were advised that our Limo was waiting for us , and were taken directly there by one of the assistants from the desk. Our driver welcomed us by our name , loaded up the car and swept us away in our Mercedes , offering us more water on the way .

wow , what a gem !

after reading all the glowing reviews of the hotel on tripadvisor , my wife and I decided to spend three nights at the Langham Place , Mongkok in July .

the hotel was clean , beautiful , convenient. Every detail from the scent to the paper to the bathroom mirror was executed with OC-ness. The hotel staff were very sincere , friendly , helpful &amp ; anticipated my needs. When the ref in the room was not cold , it was replaced within 5 minutes .

stayed for 3 nights at the Langham Place in July 2008 as part of our honeymoon. Had a Junior Suite on floor 38 , good value for money , well worth the extra spending .

we chose the Langham Place after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor...and we were not disappointed. We spent 2 nights at the Langham Place last weekend .

this was alovely hotel and the staff were great. although the food and drinks were of a very high standard they were very expensive. rooms were nice and comfortable though were alot smaller than we thought and the bathrooms were not as high class as they made out.. still had a nice stay though and can not complain about the hotel .

an oasis of calm and luxury in the heart of bustling Mong Kok. We stayed on the Club L floor which aside from having a gorgeous room with a great view of the city it meant we had a special personal check-in in Club L where there is a free internet den , massage chairs and unlimited food , drink , breakfast , afternoon tea for Club L guests. The whole hotel smells of gingerflower which was lovely and is connected to a huge shopping centre with loads of nice shops , restaurants , coffee shops , supermarket , cinema ... basically they make it hard for you to want to leave the building .

stayed here for 2 nights during my trip....booked the Club Room..and believe me they were great ! ! ! My room was on the 35th floor and there was a amazing view of the hong kong from my room ! !

i stayed in a Deluxe Room at the Langham Place Hotel in Mong Kok with two friends for five nights .

this hotel , as others have said is amazing. The staff are brilliant and ca n't do enough to help you , the facilities are great. It 's right on top of the MTR station so if you need to travel then it 's easy. The location is good for eating and shopping nearby if you do n't want to go far. The pool and spa are amazing and the changing facilities provide everything you could ever dream of requiring to get yourself ready for a long flight .

we chose this hotel based on the reviews on TP and also personal recommendation by friend of a friend. We stayed 5 nights in Aug. We had a 3-bed room king size and a single bed and although small for European and definitely American standards , it was adequate and normal for HK standards. We had a room on the 27th floor and the views are amazing. IT facilities in the room are really good and loved the IP phone , IPOD docking facilities. Cupboard storage space was small for 3 people ; enough for the few days but not for 2 weeks .

stayed here for 4 night and it was awesome. My wife is a frequent guest here for work and i did n't believe the glowing report but she was true. We had family room which had 2 singles and a double ned. The room has everything that you could think of in terms of complimentary water , toiletries , cordless room phone that works anywhere in the hotel etc. We used to olive in Hong Kong and choose the location as it allowed us to show the kids a different amd more real side to Hong Kong as compared to Central . The Langham is situated in the heart of Mong Kok and is close to &quot ; Sneaker&quot ; Street and &quot ; Electronic&quot ; Street. The MTR station is a short 2 minte walk from the hotel and you can access Disney land via 2 stops on the MTR .

this hotel is in a class of its own - a stand alone. The ambiance , the respectful and helpful staff , the quality of the hotel .

i chose this hotel a/because of the excellent reviews , b/because of the convenient location in Kowloon. I was n't disappointed. Although the rooms are the usual HK size , they are impeccably clean , have ALL you need and more , and the service is attentive and professional. I would go for a higher-floor executive room next time , although my standard one was cozy and modernly furnished .

we stayed here at the end of our 17 day trip to China and we were a little tired of traveling by the time we hit Hong Kong. I did not find this hotel as compelling as other reviewers. I am not that picky and there is nothing really to complain about with the exception of the pretty small rooms. This , even though we were on the executive level which had the &quot ; larger&quot ; rooms than the standard ones on the lower floors. The other hotels we stayed at all 5 star places were actually nicer than this one. The rooms were larger and the food on the club level , was better and more plentiful. Breakfast on the club level was fine but after this , there was n't much to munch on. The spa was very , very nice .

langham Place is an outstanding hotel with the added bonus that it costs less than most other hotels of it 's caliber in Hong Kong .

the Langham Place in Hong Kong is an awesome hotel. All I really need to say to sum it up is that you can order different flavored pillows. There is even a pillow menu that describes each flavor and its benefits. This is the level of service at the Langham. If you decide to stay , you should stay on the floors where you get access to the club room. This room features free drinks and internet along with a place to lounge and relax in your very own massage chair .

absolutely fantastic , best hotel experience i have had .

have just moved on from a 4 night stay at Langham Place , luckily moved just before the storm hit Hong Kong. Stayed in room on 31st floor , an executive room. Excellent view of Kowloon and could just about see the harbour from the big windows. Rooms are compact but big enough unless you are stuck in it all day. Amenities are good , bathroom nice , tv large with some english language channels , iphone thing useful if you have an ipod to plug in it .

i spent far too long reading a bazillion reviews on tripadvisor before booking this place. Here is the summary :

stayed at Langham Place on a business trip ,

from the limousine pickup at the airport , through the personalised check in process , right through to checkout , the whole experience was seamless .

this was our first trip to Hong Kong although we have travelled as a family through Asia alot.My family of 2Adults and Kids 15 and nearly 18 absolutely loved the Langham Place where we stayed for 11 nights

we stayed for 6 nights at the beginning of Jul 08 and had a fantastic stay. On arrival , they gave us the wrong rooms , but then upgraded us to a suite. The Club L rooms are great and the Club L bar is excellent. Included drink is all named brands , including free Mumm Champagne every evening. Also , food and canapes are more than enough to forget going out for a meal !

i just returned from a few night stay at Langham Place Hotel .

a great hotel with fantastic service. While the rooms have been slightly small the level of service by hotel staff certainly made up for it. In-room access was provided complementary for club rooms which was a nice bonus .

after weeks of dealing directly with the hotel I ended up with a fabulous deal. Stayed in a spa room for one night as was booking a treatment anyhow and the price worked out the same. Started with a standard room but watched their site and eventually had a suite deal for Â £ 10 more per night than a standard room. Whole experience fabulous , from being collected at the airport with a member of staff waiting for us at the door. Spa room was small but fabulous , the whole experience made us forget about any jet lag. Access to the members lounge well worth it , had a few drinks there every night and some food after tours and shopping. Breakfast is better in the main area but much busier than the lounge. Loved the luxury but being left alone at the same time. Buy an Oyster card , well worth it. Not really worth getting the train up the Peak as you ca n't see anything. You can use your Oyster card on the star ferry and then get a bus to the Peak - better than making your way into town , walking and joining the long queue for this short journey. If you are vegetarian remember that most of the food contains oyster sauce ! for fast food , recommend curry in a hurry within the mall .

i 've been to HK many times but this trip by far was the best in terms of hotel experience. Langham Place is a great hotel with superb personal service and fantastic food. YOU MUST UPGRADE TO THE CLUB ROOMS ! It 's worth it and completely changes the experience. From check in to the personal room walk through , everything is 5 star personal service. And the 24 hour lounge , massage chairs , free-flowing drinks and snacks are perfect after a long day of shopping and walking around town .

diamond in the Rough.My girlfriend and I stayed at LHP for 2 nights. It 's in Mongkok , and all of the happening places are about 15-20 minutes away by train , and 100 HKD by taxi. It would really be helpful if you buy the 3-day MTR pass if staying at LHP. Now the good part...We stayed at the Club Rooms , and it was pretty standard because it was n't that spacious. The exclusivity was key because not anyone may access rooms above the 36th floor. It was always well maintained and all the amenities were first class.It was definitely a room for honeymooners or a weekend getaway with a loved one. Then theres CLub L. Its a quaint lobby on the 36th floor that serves as a chill out lounge with all your hedonistic needs. They offer snacks and drinks 24-7 , breakfast until 11am , cocktails and champagne from 6-8pm , and massage chairs that face a huge fish tank , etc , etc , etc. all these for FREE. I was blown away with the amenities because you can basically just pig out in the lounge area , eat some good cheese , drink champagne , and enjoy the view , and not worry about paying for anything. It feels like you 're at home , and yet have first class service. On our last day , since our flight was at 9 : 55pm , they let us stay and lounge and settle down before the long trip home. I figured , after a long and tiring day of shopping around the city , if we had no place to rest , relax and recharge , our trip would have ended awful. Fortunately , Langham Place gave the best service and provided the best amenities. Full props to its professional and very accomodating staff ! My girlfriend and I ca n't stop talking about it on our way back home. Nice .

great Location .

i can say little more that perfection .

we stayed at Langham Place for a two-night holiday in their standard double room. The hotel is very luxorious and right in the center of all of the markets , so very central location. Everyone at the hotel was very helpful and always courteous. The room was very small , but this seems to be standard for Hong Kong. We were travelling with our 4-month old baby and the staff was great about setting up a nice crib and even giving us a basket of baby necessities baby soap , lotion , etc .

stayed for 5 nights in June 2008. The room was a little small , but the bathroom was quite elegant and spacious. Bed was wonderful and luxurious and pillows were fantastic. Highly recommend joining the business club 500 HK/night which includes breakfast for two , free internet in room and/or lounge. spacious lounge with free drinks and food open 24 hours , and free newspapers in various languages. Staff was wonderful , friendly and helpful in all respects. All in all just a great place ! !

first impressions are good , but if you take a closer look you might not be so happy. I have stayed here almost weekly for the last six months. This hotel is glamorous , with well appointed if small rooms , stylish bathrooms and hi-tech gadgets. The staff are efficient , the spa , health club and pool are well appointed and the location is great. However the bathtub in most rooms I have stayed has black mould around it from the water which does not drain away , and often wets the floor making it a slip hazard. The room attendants start cleaning from 6.30am , so expect to be woken early to the clanging of metal rubbish bins on marble bathroom floors , and the slamming of doors. Especially if you are in rooms --05 to --14 which are near the service area. The beds are extremely firm and the pillows very soft , so call for a feather pad to be placed over the mattress if you do n't want to wake up sore. Several times the TV remote , the TV itself of the hi-tech telephone have broken and had to be changed. You can get a bigger and better room for the same money !

we are on a 6 month round world tour with two small children 4 and 2 We took a Langham suite with access to CLUB L and this is one of the best hotels we 've stayed at. The service was impeccible , the concierge answered all our questions. Club was definitely worth having. Food at the PLACE was brilliant. Recommend the buffet. Chef provides great childrens meals recommendthe baby shepherds pie Suite was quite small - this is typical for HK. When we talked to the concierge he recommended the Resident suite for families with an extra room if you have larger children because it has a kitchennette. Right on top of the MTR which means everything is a short ride away. Main shopping areas are right here. Swimming pool is fab with excellent view 42nd floor and the spa and gym are 6 * really amazing. Unless you really want HK Island this place is impossible to beat for value for money. Enjoy

if you expect people in HK to speak English fluently , I think you would be disappointed that most people do not speak the language , or at least pretend that they do not know. If not for the hotel staff in providing me with the utmost detail of what I needed to know , I would have had difficulty navigating through the streets of HK. I was especially thankful of Stephen Poon , the assistant manager on duty the evening of my arrival. Without his willingness to help my wife and I , our honeymoon through HK would not have been as good. The staff at the Langham will take the extra effort to make your time worthwhile .

just back from the langhamplace hotel what a great place to stay we thouroughly enjoyed every moment of our stay here , the staff here cant help you enough and go out of there way to make you feel comfortable and have an enjoyable holiday cant speak highly enough about them. The hotel itself is amazing artwork everywhere on all walls and in every room there is something for everyone to feast there eyes on. The rooms are not big at least ours wasnt we stayed in the lowest room category but what you dont get in size is more than made up for in comfort and conveniance with big plasma tvs,DVD player and a phone system that is like your own information library you can get everything from exchange rates to weather forecasts to airport timetables it is something else believe me. The bathroom is spacious and has a bath and shower with great water pressure very clean and all the usual complimentary items thrown in and more,the bed and pillows were very very comfortable a great nights sleep.We were so glad we stayed in Mongkok as it is a great area and only a short train ride to anywhere. The hotel is linked to a shopping mall that is massive itself and the surrounding area is packed with all sorts of shopping. Please try some egg tarts cooked fresh everymorning by the locals they are to die for. We highly highly recommend this hotel it is the best i have stayed in

great concierge service , great customer service , great dining , too ! ! ! Gorgeous rooms , fantastic views , this was by far one of the best hotels we 've ever visited ! We had a minor mishap one of our two rooms was unavailable till the evening because of a cruiseship layover . We were a bit upset after due to our extensive traveling , but after we discussed it with the front desk , they handled it very very well. We were compensated fairly and professionally. The following day they delivered wine and treats to both rooms AND included a handwritten letter from their manager ! Very classy service !

my husband took me to The Langham Place Hotel not to be confused with the Langham Hotel for our first wedding anniversary. We had a club suite and it was amazing - the bathroom is bigger than the blue banana ! ! it was absolutely divine. The roof terrace pool , the dream menu selection of bedding , the spa , the restaurant , made the whole experience exquisite. The club louge provided a self service and well stocked bar with a variety of snack available throughout the day. Its lovely feeling to drink champgne overlooking Hong Kong ! !

the Langham Place is on Kowloon and in a great location. However , do n't be fooled into thinking you will get any harbour view from here. You wo n't. We stayed in a Club room on the same floor as the Club Lounge It was a nice room , with a great bathroom. The room size is a little compact but it was all we needed for a two night stay. We used the lounge facilities every morning for breakfast , and again for cocktails in the evening. The IT facilities in the lounge are also first class and available 24hrs. We ate at the restaturant one lunch time which was actually quite good considering it was a buffet. The hotel is connected to a good mall so there is plenty of choice close by. We took a cab to the Star ferry to cross over to Hong Kong island. Cabs are relatively cheap here. The pool on the top floor has a great aspect over the city skyline and was quite a cool place to hang out for a couple of hours one evening. We took the bus service from the airport which was great as The Langham Place is the first stop in Kowloon. We ordered the limo service for the return journey which was seamless and a nice treat. Overall , the hotel is really good. Great value for money considering how expensive Hong Kong hotels are. The rooms are a little on the small side , and we didnt get to check into our room until 1pm despite arriving at 0800 However , the Hotel did allow us use the lounge facilities until our room become available which was well appreciated. Will definetly stay here again. Highly recommended .

we read many reviews , and tried to find a hotel in Hong Kong that offered luxury , but at a relatively affordable price. We wound up booking the Langham in Mong Kok. We booked a 2 room suite on the club floor through the hotel 's web site which I would highly recommend surfing , it 's a little complex but the best deals for this hotel are there , at a little over $ 400 per night. While , as most people state , we found it a little out of the way , the hotel was wonderful. First , I would highly recommend the club floor rooms. the rooms are higher up , offering relief from the claustrophobia of Hong Kong. Second , the club lounge was excellent - and , like the rest of the hotel , it just grows and grows on you. It 's open 24 hours , unheard of in this day and age , and offers breakfast , many courses of light appetizers , sweets at night , and drinks of all kinds , both soft and alcoholic , and champagne at certain hours. It also has 2 massage chairs , a business center with MAC 's and PC 's and printers , a DVD lending library , nice seating , and a nice staff , and expresso maker which I loved , expresso every day , and excellent expresso at that .

well , perfection is not attainable , but Langham Place is as close as it can be. I 'm not writing a long review because everything about this hotel is excellent , whatever it is. The rooms , the location , the staff , the buffet breakfast , the pool , the gym , the spa , everything exceeded my expectations .

it 's easy to understand why this hotel is ranked # 1 in Tripadvisor. We booked 5 nights here in May and were totally pleased. As previous posters have mentioned , the rooms are well maintained , the bed very comfortable , and the service is excellent. We booked an executive room on an upper floor , which provided very nice views of the surrounding area. The maid left us two bottles of water each day , with another two bottles left with the nightly turndown service , which was very helpful. We opted for the daily buffet breakfast at The Place Restaurant , which the hotel offers at a discounted rate if booked with the room on their website. We looked forward to the breakfast each morning , as the variety , food quality , and ambience of the room made for a very relaxing and enjoyable meal. The buffet included some dim sum , noodles or fried rice , various entrees , an omelette station , breakfast meats , juices , fresh fruits , pastries , breads and coffee and tea. The service here was also excellent. We also tried the dinner buffet one evening , which although pricey , was well worth it for the quality and variety of the dishes .

we just stayed at Langham Place in Hong Kong for 5 nites in May. It was a great location. Connected to a large shopping mall and a MTR station. To go to the MTR station , you can walk indoor all the way. The shopping mall has a supermarket. It was easy to get snacks and drinks. The food court in the shopping mall was great also. There are many great shopping places around the hotel. Within walking distance. In regards to the hotel , we love the room. It is a bit small for the price. For less $ , you can get a suite with a living room at Eaton Hotel which is close by. But the rest of the room is great. Very clean. We do not understand how everything can sparkle after each cleaning. The shower was sooooo clean. The maid also goes out of her way to give us bottles of water when she sees us come back from a long day of shopping ! However , it was a bit disappointing that the room smells musky if the A/C is off for a short time. Try to keep it on. We also had trouble with getting both English and Chinese newspaper. They do not understand that we would like both ; tried to explain 3 days in a row and I speak Cantonese . My husband does not read Chinese even though he looks Chinese. In summary , we loved it despite these little things. We will consider going back there but will probably pay more for a bigger room .

we just finished our stay at Langham Place Hotel. This one is an absolute gem. We loved our stay here. First of all , this is a classy hotel with amazing service and outstanding amenities. The rooms are excellent and include very confortable beds , a large-screen plasma TV , internet and spectacular views. There is excellent food in the restaurants. The breakfast is very luxurious. You can also order afternoon high tea , which is a great experience. There is a fantastic gym and spa .

we stayed four nights in a Club room in early May. Everything was great about this hotel , from the pickup within moments we arrived at the airport until they dropped us of again four days later we prebooked the limo service , very efficient email response from the hotel . The location is also brilliant , with &quot ; old&quot ; style Hong Kong outside the door and &quot ; new shiny&quot ; Hong Kong 10 minutes away on the MTR. Buy an octopus card as soon as you get there , it is the easiest way to travel , it is a type of cash card that you load with money and then use for all your travel needs , MTR , buses etc. You can even use it for shopping , we ended up using it everywhere rather than cash. Public transport is very cheap and superefficient .

if not for a poor start , I would consider rating this hotel as excellent. To begin , the hotel has a visitor 's desk at the airport where you can get transportation to the hotel at a reasonable rate good . Regrettably , the clerk put me on a bus to the wrong hotel bad . Not a big deal. Mistakes happen. They quickly rectified it by having a limo pick me up quickly and transport me to the correct property. I arrived there at 3 : 30 P.M. and was notified that they had granted some guests a late checkout and that my room would n't be ready until 9 : 00. 5-1/2 HOURS LATER ! Why they granted guests such a late checkout is beyond me ! I was perturbed , to say the least. The clerk tried to assuage me with a coupon for a free drink at the bar , but this only angered me more. I went for a walk to kill time and returned at 8 : 30 to find that my room was ready. After midnight , the phone woke me up 3 times. Apparently , someone in another room was calling the wrong number. I was a bit annoyed that the operator would n't tell me who it was or that she did n't offer to call that person and ask them to stop the calls. Eventually , I set the phone on DND and that put an end to it. To be honest , I needed a full day to get past a horrid start. But I 'll give credit where credit is due. The hotel rebounded strongly ! First , the room was very clean and comfortable and it is connected via a walkway to Langham Place shopping center. It is also right next to Mongkok transit station. They have the best fitness center of any hotel I 've ever been at in addtion to numerous holistic therapy offerings. It 's quite impressive ! The staff is extremely courteous and friendly. The hotel has an internet access area with about 8 PC 's or laptops that are free for the guests to use. There was always one available when I went there. I ate at one of their restaurants the name escapes me and had a very good meal. During one of my stops at their internet access center , I accessed their website and sent some feedback about my disatisfaction with the start to my stay there. I was pleasantly surprised to return to my room that evening and find a message from a manager apologizing for the problems and asking to discuss them with me. I never got a chance to talk to him because of my schedule. However , we corresponded via email and he removed the bus fare charge to the hotel and the limo charge back to the airport from my bill - a generous and appreciated gesture. Finally , I should mention that the concierge desk was extremely helpful and made things very conveneint. I should cite Eddie Ho in particular. He could n't have been nicer and went beyond my expectations as to assisting me. In summary , I give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and chalk the poor start up to a bad decision on their part , but then they made up for it after that. I would probably stay there again .

enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much. We booked it because of the recommendations on tripadvisor and we were definitely not disappointed. We booked directly with the hotel and included breakfast with this package. I would recommend that you take the breakfast as it is an excellent buffet with a huge choice of food. We also booked the limo from the airport which made our journey from the airport less stressful. The staff at all times were very pleasant and helpful. Although the bedrooms are not the largest that I have stayed in they are very well appointed and have all the amenities that are necessary with lots of lovely toiletries in the bathroom. The room was immaculately maintained and we were never disturbed in the room yet it had always been serviced when we returned to the hotel in the afternoon/evening. The hotel also has a lovely pool on the roof. Apart from the hotel and adjacent mall the surrounding area is not particularly upmarket and if I had known this when I had been booking the hotel I would probably not have gone there but in fact it was not a problem and we never felt threatened at any time. I was happy to walk in the vicinity of the hotel on my own without my husband. Although the hotel is slightly further out from the centre this is not a problem as it is adjacent to the MTR which takes you all over Hong Kong quickly and at a very reasonable price. Again it is clean and very safe. If I were returning to Hong Kong I would certainly stay again at this hotel as you get luxury at a very reasonable price .

i am headed back to Hong Kong in 2 weeks to give a training class and I insisted that all the travelers stay at Langham. The location is perfect as it it directly across from the train station. Getting to Hong Kong island or anywhere is is very easy .

i stayed at Langham place on6th May 08 - 9th May 08 just b/c most of reviews from here influenced me to book this hotel .

  stars overall ! ! ! ! The Langham Place in Mongkok has A + + + service ! It is a beautiful hotel with various facitilies to suit families and business travellers .

booked directly with the Hotel and stayed over New Year .

as per the previous reviews , this hotel is really something special , I stayed on the club floor , enjoyed the club lounge , had a stunning room , with a stunning panoramic view of the city , the service was flawless , and very good value for money .

the Langham truly deserves their rating. I concur with all of the previously written reviews ! I ca n't possible add anything else !

my wife and I stayed here for 6 nights. It was our second visit to the hotel - and it was fantastic as last time .

absolutely the best hotel i 've ever stayed in , regardless of it being in the best I would advise location in Hong Kong. From the second we were greeted by the very friendly , genuine and helpful staff I knew this was going to be a fantastic visit. Being our first stay in Hong Kong , they quickly aided us in where was best to go and pointed out the worthwhile markets to visit and where to haggle etc. The rooms were spectacular , the views incredible , and the access to the mall next door was great and easy to access Mong Kok 's MTR. The pool was beautiful , the spa lovely , and the service exceptional. We ate in The Place restaurant one evening and the food and variety was fantastic , as was the Ming Court restaurant , where we were given good advice not to over order as the food is rather sumptuous ! overall , from the brilliant tv and film selection down to the very funky bathroom , we loved our stay here and would without doubt come back in a flash !

lovely feel to the place with great staff...the breakfast is worth the Â £ 12 and the SPA is amazing. The down sides were a very noisy bar where the noise radiated in to the lobby..You sadly could n't sit there and chill out with a cocktail at the end of the day unless you were shouting over the DJs music. The other down side is the rooms were seriously small...when our room service came on a table you could n't use it as it was too big ! I also believed it was free WIFI but it 's Â £ 10 a day. The pool was also very small so it 's not the place if you 're a sun worshipper. Would recommend if you 're there for a few days and want to be near the markets and MTR .

we had an amazing 3 night stay in this hotel , without doubt one of the best hotels we â € ™ ve ever had the pleasure of staying in. The first thing that struck us on arrival , aside from the extremely friendly and efficient staff , was the smell. We later learned that ginger is the Langham â € ™ s signature scent which permeates throughout the hotel , extremely subtle yet noticeable but just beautiful. We were offered an upgrade for HKD 500 per room per night , even if the rate is a little more expensive as we travelled off peak , I would recommend availing of it as it was money well spent. The upgrade gave us access to the club lounge , which had food and drink served all day and also included breakfast each morning , an exquisite buffet selection with some chefs on hand to rustle up an omelette of your choice ! The rooms are extremely comfortable and modern , a reasonable size with some great views of the city. The hotel itself is located beside the metro station which makes it a good base for travelling around the city. When we booked our trip to Hong Kong I was disappointed that we weren â € ™ t staying at the renowned Mandarin Oriental , but once we entered the lobby of the Langham we felt it couldn â € ™ t be much better than this .

this was our first trip to Hong Kong and we selected the Langham Place Hotel purely on the reviews we had read on Trip Advisor. I have to say this hotel thoroughly deserved its No. 1 ranking and we would definitely return. I would also strongly urge everyone to upgrade to a Club room. The extra you pay per night is well worth the first class service you receive from the moment you arrive at the hotel , and the polite and attentive service you get in the Club Lounge throughout your stay. It really was a pleasure after a long flight to be met by our pre-booked people carrier , to be given soft drinks en route and then taken straight to the Club Lounge for the check-in. The Club rooms were excellent and I now understand why everyone raved about the beds and menu of scented pillows. We also loved the quirky glass walled bathroom which was kept spotlessly clean and filled with all the extras you would expect and more .

firstly i have to say this is the best hotel i have stayed at in my 26 years yet. This was my first time to Hong Kong and i was worried about what to expect. But i certainly didnt need to worry .

there 're many classy hotels in Central if you pay a certain amount of money , but sometimes you feel it 's overpriced because you ca n't be satisfied with the room , the staff , the location etc. Do n't worry , it does n't happen in Langham Place. The staff are extremely friendly and supportive , the rooms are spacious and modern , there 's a metro station right next to the hotel , and the price is fair enough. I really ca n't think of anything to complain about. . But I had an intereting experience once - I was staying with my sister and we wanted to give this good-looking porter some tip , about 15 euros I remember , then he said 'No , no ! Please ! I ca n't ! ' and went away. . . Anyways , I think this is the best hotel in Asia with no doubt , and I 'll definitely come back here again .

of the numerous five star hotels I 've visited in Asia , this is one of my favorites. The service was exceptional and there was really a buzz about the place. As a younger business traveler , I especially enjoyed the energy and a modern elements of this hotel. The management made a tremendous effort to insure that my colleauges and I were very comfortable .

when we were booking a trip to Hong Kong the travel agent had tried to book us into somehting closer to main area of Hong Kong. We had seen Langham Place in a brochure and after getting a quote the price was actually cheaper for more inclusions and a much better hotel. We stayed there for 7 nights and did not want to leave .

as most reviewers here have noted , this is an absolute gem of a hotel with amenities and facilities that are generally in the almost 5 star hotel class at much less than 5 star prices. The only significant drawback is the smallish room sizes , which also means that there is n't much furniture to sit on in a Club L Room other than the bed. There is one desk chair and one none-too-comfortable sitting chair , so for two people , watching TV has to be done from bed. However , the bed is ultra-comfortable and the choice of pillows which you can select in advance of arrival from a pillow menu is excellent , easily matching the beds , pillows and linens of the Peninsula or any Four Seasons .

i 've stayed at some hotels , all around the world , but this one is absolutely amazing .

i totally love this hotel ! The rooms are sizeable and clean , the bathrooms are fantastic , the bed is SO comfortable. The location is in the now revamped 'cool ' area of town Mongkok where there 's tonnes of food to eat , and a trendy young shopping mall with cinema connected straight to the hotel. Service is also excellent .

my wife , my 16-year-old daughter and I just completed a six-day/six night vacation at the Langham Place during April 2008. It was very , very enjoyable for many reasons and I â € ™ ll break down the hotel and our experience based on Location , Rooms , Amenities , Staff and Restaurants for everybody to review and make their own choices. Each category will be rated on scale of 1-5 , with 1 being horrible and 5 Outstanding We all would definitely stay there again , and for those who are making their first trip to Hong Kong we both loved the city and entire six days .

this hotel is cheaper than all the other 5 * and high end 4 * hotels in Hong Kong because it is situated in the less fashionable district of Mongkok. Do n't let this put you off because Mongkok is a colourful , exotic , bustling shopping area. The hotel is right by the metro and it takes less than ten minutes to get to Central on Hong Kong Island. The upper floors of the hotel also have glorious views of the harbour .

having been to Hong Kong for the past 30 years and stayed at numerous 3 , 4 and 5 star hotels , we chose this hotel based mainly on Tripadvisor 's top ratings - and we were happy that we did so for a 2 night stay , from 9 to 11 April .

upon arrival , we had a long 14 hour flight and the front desk said that we might need to put our luggage in the room and come back at a later time since we arrived so early. However , after searching on the computer , she then says that &quot ; 'oh I see a room available.'&quot ; I thought what they should have done was checked first to see if a room was cleaned first and if not then let us know .

very impressive stay from start to finish--excellent website made it easy to book , immediate feedback from concierge re airport pick-up .

this was one of two hotels we stayed at in HK , the other being the Novatel Citygates on Lantau Island , near the airport. In many ways , this is an excellent hotel , but it has one major drawback : the rooms are small , and the bathroom is even smaller. For this reason alone , the Novatel was better .

having arrived on an early morning flight from Sydney , we were delighted to find our room available .

this place was great. At first I had been a little apprehensive about staying here as I thought it was too far from Hong Kong Island and reports of the area put me off. However I experienced no problems at all , HK Island is 10 mins away on the MTR and the hotel is adjacent to the station. Also no evidence of red light district etc. Mong Kok is a great area full of markets and the hotel is part of a complex which includes restaurants and a cinema. Staff were great , room was immaculate with a great view from my room on the 32nd floor ! !

i think this hotel will probably be the standard we use for all hotels we stay at in the future. It was our 40th Wedding anniversary and so I had decided on a cruise , with 5 days at the Langham Place to start with .

just a perfect stay. The staff are excellent always ready to help

we stayed 3 nights in a club room. Every thing about the hotel was great. The staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. The club lounge was 1st class and it 's well worthwhile paying extra for a club room .

wow ! The Langham Place was fantastic. The service was impeccable , the room although small was very nicely decorated and all our needs catered for - we even had a coffee peculator in our room with fresh ground coffee ! The swimming pool was stunning , towering over the buildings and looking out to the harbour if you could see that far due to the smog .

we stayed in the Langham Place for three nights on the 9th of March , as the start of our holiday , as we were moving on to a cruise .

i stayed at Langham Place from 27 - 29 March 2008. On arrival I was told that the room I had booked was not available and that I had been upgraded to an executive room but with twin beds instead of a kingsize bed which would be replaced the next day .

well I have stayed at this hotel a few times , and this is the second review I am writing. This review includes some pictures .

can not praise the Langham Place highly enough. Hotel staff extremely polite , welcoming and efficient. I 'd booked a car to collect me at the airport - the hotel has a desk in arrivals , and there I was met with smiles and presented with a soft drink and a Sony PSP playing an informative video about the hotel , which I watched in a very nice Mercedes during the half-hour transfer to the city .

we would recommend staying at the Langham Place Hotel as we enjoyed a couple of nights there on our way to Oz. The hotel is well situated near the MTR station for sightseeing and generally getting about. We had booked the cheaper option of room and were badgered by reception to upgrade. We did n't succumb to their offers and were pleasantly surprised by the lovely basic room. The service was extremely good , with all the little touches that make your stay special. Slippers by the bed and chocolates as a welcome gift , to name just a couple of things. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and could n't do enough to make our stay enjoyable. We appreciated all the fine aspects of this hotel and would especially recommend the fantastic spa. WOW ! What a fabulous experience ! Do n't forget to go to the top floor to see the most incredible view of Hong Kong .

just returned from 6 nights at the Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok , with my fiance , which was very nice and offered a different experience from staying on the isand or Kowloon waterfront. Mongkok is more of a &quot ; locals&quot ; area and really gives you the feel of what it is like to live in Hong Kong .

stayed in a Club L room for 5 nights , and I ca n't think of a single complaint. The room was smallish but well thought out , so it did n't feel cramped at all. The bed was probably the most comfortable I 've slept in. The huge flatscreen TV could be watched from the bath , thanks to the glass wall on the bathroom .

we had hesitations about staying in a hotel in the Mong Kok area as we had heard that it was n't the best part of town .

we started our honeymoon to Vietnam with a two night stopover in Hong Kong. Langham Place was our &quot ; Splurge&quot ; for the trip and are we were not dissapointed ! The hotel is beautiful and the room Executive room was very nicely laid out. Amazing bathroom ! and a great view of MongKok. We enjoyed drinks at the bar and do to jet lag was able to take advantage of early morning swims on the top of the roof. what a way to start the day !

after unsuccessfully trying to get a good deal for this hotel on two or three different online booking websites such as asiarooms.com , I finally booked the Escape Package on the hotel 's own website .

stayed in this hotel on our outward bound journey to NZ for two nights and again for two nights on our return flight to UK. The hotel services are fantastic as is the club lounge - well worth upgrading to. The hotel is immaculate , the facilities are great , the staff are very helpful. The hotel is centrally situated and is very close to the clean and efficient MTR. Hong Kong can be overpowering , its energy is intoxicating. However , the Langham Place provides an oasis in which to relax .

this was our second time around in the Langham Place Hotel .

only one night - but loved it ! .

great Hotel and the location was also brilliant. The Hotel is connected to a shopping mall which also has an MTR station subway . by using the MTR you can travel directly to hong kong island in about 10mins and its very cheap and easy to use. you can also explore the surrounding streets which have night markets and great places to eat out ,shop etc. overall we found the hotel great as the hotel is a very high standard facility plus the location allows you easy access to Mongkok and Kowloon and also its very easy to get to Hong Kong island from the hotel .

this hotel was absolutely fabulous - very marble and glass if that 's your sort of thing of course ! . The room was very nice indeed - with a rather strange glass wall between the bedroom and bathroom there is a blind ! . We did n't try the restaurant but the bar was relaxing and we even enjoyed the singer. However , the location is not great as there is quite a walk to get to the water-front .

spent 3 nights here from 1 March 2008. Excellent location-very close to MTR &amp ; you can buy an Urban Pass that allows you to travel on all MTR lines for 1 day for 50 HK Dollars about Â £ 3.35 . You can reach the waterfront in 10-15 mins. Hotel attached to shopping mall with lots of cafes &amp ; restaurants so you can eat cheaply if you do n't want to pay hotel prices. We ate buffet breakfast in hotel-very wide choice of food , tasty &amp ; good value.&amp ; had 1 meal in the bar which was also good. Room comfortable , staff helpful &amp ; polite .

i had a fine stay at the Langham Place Hotel but I was slightly disappointed with the size of the hotel room on arrival. It was a standard room and it was very small. I was able to upgrade to a studio suite for extra cost which was much more similar to a 5 star hotel room. The staff was warm and helpful. The facility is new and the rooms are very clean and nicely appointed. I highly recommend the pool on the roof and the spa-both are first rate. The restaurants in the hotel were very good-the price of the buffet breakfast was expensive. We opted to get in a cab and have breakfast at the Intercontiental Hotel that overlooks the water and city for roughly the same price . I am not sure I would stay here again-the location is not great for a tourist. I spent a lot of time on the metro or in a cab. I think I would have better off in Central. The rooms are cheaper due to the location versus other 5 star hotels but ,frankly , this is not a 5 star hotel. Other 4 star hotels are the same price in but have better locations .

weary after a 10 hour flight my family including 2 children were delighted to receive a warm welcome at this luxury hotel .

we have just returned from a week 's stay at Langham Place in Mongkok. We had a lovely time apart from a bad experience at check-in .

beautiful hotel. Felt like royalty. Upgraded at check in to a suite room. It had absolutely everything and we 've never seen so many gadgets. Hotel is joined to a good shopping centre. Great restaurants in the hotel and very nice staff. Would n't hesitate to stay here again .

i left the girlfriend with one instruction :

what can I about the Langham Place - basically this hotel left me speechless .

my friend and I stayed here for 11 nights in a twin room. It was small but beautifully furnished and the staff could not have been more helpful and efficient. From the moment we walked into the Reception area we were treated like honoured guests , nothing was too much trouble for the staff. From the lift ladies to the pool attendants , they were a delight .

the Langham Place Hotel is an oasis in the middle of crowded Mongkok which is completely safe by almost any measure . The hotel is beautifully decorated and furnished in both the public areas and rooms .

it is not surprising that The Langham Place in Hong Kong is ranked at number 1 .

we stayed 5 days at Langham Place in a beautiful Club room. As others have noted , if you can , DO pay a bit more for a truly first class experience. We had a spacious room on the 35th floor. The bed was SO comfortable &amp ; there 's a pillow menu if you 're not happy with the several types of pillows already provided. The bathroom is big and immaculately clean. We loved the huge showerhead directly above. The bathroom has a big window into the bedroom but there is a privacy blind. The separate bathtub was a good size. Toiletries included were of excellent quality and quantity. They even provided tootbrushes , combs , &amp ; razors .

while I 'm less euphoric than some or other recent reviwers this is undeniably a well functioning hotel. I do have a slight problem with the location. While by no means remote , it is a good cab or subway ride to the scene of most of the action , the reason we come to H.K. Yes , the Mong Kok station is quite close , but one still has to buy a ticket , get to the platform and often stand in the jam packed cars. Mind you , the fare is cheap and the cars modern and clean , but it 's still a subway. The service at this ultra modern hotel is excellent : fast , efficient and invariably friendly. The club lounge is one of the best I 've ever encountered and well worth the additional cost. I must confess that I like the idea of getting a chilled beer--or any other beverage for that matter with alcohol or sans at , say , 1 p.m rather than wait for the freebies at 5 : 30 or 6 p.m. A generous and wise policy on the part of hotel management. We occupied an executive suite on the 39th floor which , while not huge , was well configured and even had a small kitchen kitchenette . The view was nothing special , but that partly relected the room location and lousy weather heavy overcast . One minor complaint was the over airconditioned lobby and restaurant where breakfast is served the first two mornings we foolishly skipped the lounge , thinking it would not be as elaborate. Big mistake : it was even better than downstairs and the classy , intimate atmosphere made the occasion much more relaxing , not to mention it was n't freezing . Would I return ? Very possibly , but after 7 visits to H.K. my first in Oct. '56 I 've grown a bit tired of the place. It 's become very pricey and--maybe I 'm showing my age--too frenetic as well. Moreover the shopping is either too high-end or real kitchy Mong Kok . Lastly , the air quality , never its long suit , has really deteriorated. Yet if you 've never been there is there anyone who has n't ? , it remains--not unlike Vegas--a must. But for my money , if given the choice , Victoria Island or harborside Kowloon would be a better locale , especially for the first time visitor .

we chose the Langham Place because of the reviews on Tripadvisor and we were delighted with it. Our only negative comment would be the location - it is in a rundown area and the checkout questionnaire of the hotel actually asks guests whether they 'felt safe ' walking out of the hotel. The answer is that we did not , especially as tourists are warned to be wary of pickpockets.In the event , we had no problems but the next time , I think we would try the sister hotel , the Langham , which is much nearer the ferry terminal and other attractions. Incidentally , we were surprised how little English some taxi drivers could understand. We only discovered on our second day that the hotel can provide a small booklet listing numerous likely destinations , including the hotel itself , in Chinese script. This was very helpful .

we stayed for 2 nights in Feb 08 on the way to NZ. We got a special deal on a suite after seeing the chance of this opportunity on a report from a Tripadvisor review. We paid HK $ 2250/night for a suite on the Club foor , booked on the hotel website. Absolutely great .

we stayed at this hotel for 3 nights recently and it proved to be a most enjoyable experience. We arrived off a cruise ship quite early in the morning with no real expectation of being able to check in until the afternon , but the super efficient club room manager Eunice managed to find us a room and we therefore unpacked by 11am. Do book a club rom if yoo can afford it , the staff are more like personal concierges , the snacks lovely and the drink free flowing .

we stayed in the Langham Hotel for 2 nights at the end of December and it was fantastic. This was the start of a four week trip and it could n't have started better .

slap bang in the middle of Mong Kok , 25 mins from the airport is this impressive structure connected to a shopping mall which is at best average by HK 's high shopping standards .

langham place is the best hotel I have stayed in. My husband and I spent three nights in this wonderful hotel after a long trip in China .

great place to stay in the real Hong Kong , surrounded by local markets and adjoining a modern shopping mall with its own Metro station , so getting around is very easy. Large modern rooms with views across the city , very comfortable with all the amenities you would expect. Amazing buffet breakfast ,with one of the largest selections we have ever seen , even including crab,prawns and chocolate fountains. I recoment the organized trip to Happy Vally races it includes a buffet dinner all your drinks a 50 HK Dollar starter bet , and all from the comfort of the Honk Kong jockey club headquaters overlooking the coarse , pluss a visit to the parade ring. Although we are not raceing fans this was an outstanding night and amazing value at Â £ 30 per person

we booked the hotel because of its location and the reviews about it .

stayed Jan 2-7 , 2008. At first a little apprehensive - website looks great , but a little out of the way in Mongkok. But when you arrive , the room was great. Thoroughly modern , great views we were on the 31st floor . The bed and pillows were the best I have slept in. I asked the hotel where to buy the pillows. Only drawback was the extra charge for in-room internet. However , the 5th floor had a number of internet terminals and most of the time we did not have to wait to use. Service staff were very polite and helpful .

where do I start about this hotel. We originally booked this hotel , cancelled it for another hotel then changed it back , and I am so glad that we did .

great location right next to under ground so easy to travel to different parts of hong kong .staff very friendly.rooms very clean and smart .

my first ever visit to Hong Kong and I decided that I would be influenced by some of the reviews of my fellow contributors on Tripadvisor as well as being seduced by the idea of staying on mainland Hong Kong rather than the island. So we stayed for two nights at the Langham Place , Mongkok .

we stayed at the Langham Place Hotel for a 1 night stop-over on the way to Europe and it was lovely. We had initially booked a Quad room but upon check-in were advised that there was something wrong wtih the bathroom so were upgraded to 2 connecting rooms on 21st floor. The rooms were very comfortable and spacious enough. Staff very friendly .

we had never been to Hong Kong before so we booked the hotel without knowing much about it. We were absolutely delighted. The service was exemplary , the room divine and all the other facilities fantastic ! Now that should make you book !

my husband and I stayed for 2 nights in this hotel and I have to say it has been the nicest city hotel so far. Their service leaves no wishes open and the staff is very helpful with everything. There are a couple of thing that really make this hotel outstanding. For one they offer a very comfortable bed , probably even more comfortable than the one we have at home. And I can also highly recommend their restaurant. It is an all-you-can-eat buffet and the food is very excellent , including fresh seafood. Whenever I will return to Hong Kong this will be my hotel of choice .

i chose this hotel based on the reviews from the TripAdvisor.com website. I was not disappointed .

as they say â € ˜ Perfection is seldom achieved â € ™ but after staying for three nights in Hong Kong I can see the Langham Place Hotel is really striving for it. In my opinion they are not far away as for the â € ˜ experience â € ™ , it is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. I booked direct with the hotel and ordered the room , breakfast &amp ; Limo package .

this property exceeded expectations .

we stayed here twice over Xmas on stopovers and deeply grateful for the understated luxury and overall calm of the place .

  class Hotel - Amazing staff .

wonderful hotel located very close to the mtr. Room was not large but just right. Bathroom was very clean. Hotel is connected to a very large mall. Booked the room early on the hotel 's website and saved 10 % . We had the deluxe room for 1 week and the executive room upgrade for one day. The only difference is a separate shower stall in the executive and slightly larger room. Concierge was very helpful with recommendations for food. We took the hotel shuttle bus which was 130 hkd which worked out well. Would stay here again if ever in HK again .

my husband and I stayed here for three nights over Christmas and loved it. The hotel is very service-oriented , and we felt every one of our requests was well attended to. I definitely suggest purchasing club access , as it includes a substantial buffet breakfast every morning , along with wine , cocktails , beer and snacks in the afternoon and evening. It 's a relaxing oasis to retreat to when the busy-ness of Mong Kok wears on the soul , especially after coming off a 16 hour flight. The location is a bit out of the way , but is an easy ride on the MTR red line to the southern tip of Kowloon or into Central .

stayed here for two nights in October and have to agree with most of what has already been written. The hotel is excellent , part of a big shopping mall and also right beside the buzzing and fascinating Mongkok. If you want to be down near Hong Kong itself with views of the bay then this is not the place to stay but we went down that part of the city several times quite easily by MTR or taxi and did not feel we were missing out by staying in Mongkok. In fact it was quite refreshing to be staying somewhere a little different .

the Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok is a very stylish , very modern and very comfortable hotel. Its location is great ; only a few minutes work to the Mongkok MTR station and only a quick 15min cab ride to central. The Langham Place is surrounded by great shops ; it even has its own 13 story shopping mall across the street connected by a walkway .

this was our final hotel and destination on our honeymoon and we were unsure of what to expect as it was booked as a gift by the brother in law... we needent have been worried , this place is wonderful and in a great location .

this has to be one of the finest hotels in the world , with exquisite facilities and an all-round air of style and sophistication .

i lived in Langham Place for 4 months in 2007 and have stayed there a total of 10 or so times in the past few years .

just returned from a 8 night Christmas stay at the Langham Place Hotel with my 16 year old daughter. We booked the hotel after reading the reviews and were not disappointed. Everything that has been written about the hotel , staff and location are spot on. The hotel deserves its 5 * rating and our room on the club floor was lovely. Afternoon tea in the club is excellent and my daughter reguarly took extra warm scones up to the room. The hotel is situated in a very busy area - the real Hong Kong but it is situated next to the MTR station and it was easy to get around Hong Kong. The market tour provided by the hotel is very informative and helped us with our barganing skills when we ventured out alone .

following our visit in October 2005 for a stop over , we used the Langham Place as our base for an extended visit to Hong Kong. Just at the end of the Chinese New Year , the atmosphere was great. This time we stayed in a Club Room and use of the Club Lounge .

loved the hotel and the location. Took our 2 teenage boys with us who also really enjoyed their stay. Great that the hotel was attached to the mall. Staff were friendly and helpful. Rooms small but comfortable. All the facilities were first rate. would definitely stay here again .

hotels in Hong Kong are aplenty , from the typical backpackers inn to fabulous temples of luxury. The Langham Place Mongkok exists on the upper end of the spectrum , boasting some smart , well-appointed features without completely depleting one â € ™ s budget .

we stayed for eight nights in late November 2007 , and had an amazing time. This report is quite detailed , so for those who don â € ™ t want to read it all , let me say that the Langham Place is a superb hotel , in an exciting , vibrant location , and we would recommend it to anyone who wanted the very best quality at an excellent price for Hong Kong .

we stayed at the Langham Place for 3 nights at the end of a 2 week honeymoon in thailand and what a fantastic place. It has everything - great service , great style , great rooms and one of the best hotel swimming pools anywhere in the world .

i rely almost totally on TripAdvisor reviews when booking hotels , so was expecting a marvelous experience at the Langham Place Hotel. I was not disappointed ! I have been to Hong Kong 4 times , but this time I decided to take my children &amp ; their spouses party of 6 for 5 nights. I figured Mong Kok would be more fun for them than elsewhere , &amp ; wanted a somewhat newish hotel for their introduction to one of the world 's most exciting cities .

my partner and I stayed at the Langham Place for 9 nights in November. I have stayed in quite a few good hotels in HK , but this hotel stands head a shoulders above the rest. .

the Langham Place Hotel was a wonder place to stay in Hong Kong. Located in Mong Kok , it is 3 MTR stops and a world away from the much more touristy Tsim Sha Tsui. Mong Kong is a working class residential area as is well evidenced by the sites and smells permeating the streets below. Walking the streets through this neighborhood , you will be body to body much of the time - but you 'll get a good flavor of the real Hong Kong .

i booked this hotel for my parents ' 2-week vacation to Hong Kong. They have n't been back for 40 years so I thought that it 'd be nice to stay in a 5-star hotel. They told me the stay was excellent and that the free breakfast must book a package to receive was spectacular - it included all sorts of culinary delights from dim sum to sushi to omelettes cooked to order , etc .

as one of the newest major hotels in Hong Kong , this hotel provides an ambience that juxaposes its surroundings. It 's located in one of the busiest districts in HK , a place full of busy shoppers and street vendors that bustle and hustle well into the wee hours of the night .

the Langham Place Hotel offered a well equiped room , which was designed incredibly well to fit a relatively small space although the transparent wash basin in the bathroom is a little freaky ! . The hotel offers a fantastic 41st floor open-air swimming pool &amp ; spa facilties that offer a luxurious feel. The hotel is well located with plentiful shopping and resturants in the immediate vicinity. The tube station is also located directly below the hotel .

i stayed at the Langham Place Hotel during my first visit to Hong Kong from 30/11 to 06/12. I loved Hong Kong and the Langham Place was excellent in every regard .

first impression of the area was that it was a bit run-down but totally traditional. On arrival at the hotel two very pleasant guys took our luggage and a smartly dressed lady accompanied us in the lift to the 37th Floor .

well , our second stay in a Club room was just as wonderful as our first , a year earlier .

stayed there for 5 nights. This hotel is the best I have come across in all my travels. The rooms were very comfortably but what is more important , the hotel has thought of everything that a traveller would need to feel at home and well-looked after. The room has a Cisco Smart Phone and all one needs to do to ask for service or help is just to press one button. The SMART operator functions like a one-stop service personal for everything - from laundry , to food , to setting you up for a quick checking out etc. SPA is just excellent and the gym is 24 hours. I have stayed in many hotel and I always have issues with the opening hours of the gym. They normally start at 6.30 am and there is n't enough time to get in an hour of exercise and then be heading out for a meeting at 8.30 am unless I skip breakfast. The concierge provided boxes , sticky tap and strings for packing - something a traveller who is doing some heavy shopping would need. The room was also very well thought out. There is excellent range of free beverages , the see through glass bathroom gives the room a sense of space. The room we were at was on the 27th floor and it has a panaronomic view. The whole place smells clean and good. The hotel is just next to Langham Place a shopping centre with lost of retail space and food ! It sits on top of the Mongkok station and I think one ca n't ask for more in terms of location. Food around the area is readily available and Electronic , Sports and Ladies Market just a short walk away .

i recently spent 7 nights at the Langham Place Hotel , on my first trip to Asia. I booked directly with the hotel , and got a reasonable rate for an executive twin-bedded room including breakfast .

having read previous reviews of this hotel on TripAdvisor I had high expectations - which I can safely say were met and exceeded ! Everyone going to Hong Kong should stay here !

lovely hotel. Great location for shopping. Adjacent to train station so you can get anywhere in Hong Kong easily. I booked a club room and on arrival was upgraded to a Suite which was pure bliss. Arrived early in the morning and my room was available immediately ! Ca n't recommend this hotel highly enough. I will be staying there whenever I am lucky enough to get to Hong Kong. Its an amazing hotel in an amazing city .

just finished 2 stays at Langham Place and I 'm glad to see that nothing has changed since my last visit in June. The service and facilities were excellent , again , and even though Mongkok seems more crowded if that 's possible , I love the location of this hotel. I stayed in a Residential Suite on my first stay and then in a Langham Suite on my second stay and I much preferred the Residential Suite. The living room of the RS feels much more spacious with the kitchenette instead of the bathroom of the LS. Although the bedroom and the bathroom of the RS are the same size as that of the LS , there is also more foyer space between the two in the RS. The service and attitude of the staff at this hotel are just amazing. As an example , my room attendant went throughout the hotel looking for a remote that would activate the Nicam feature on my TVs and was only successful on her third try but I really appreciated the effort she extended on my behalf. The personnel in the Club Lounge were efficient and helpful and you will just have to experience it to see what I mean. Wonderful hotel .

we stayed at Langham Place Hotel for 7 nights , from Nov 11 to Nov 17 , 2007. There were 3 of us and stayed at their Executive Room on the 30th floor. No regrets at all .

stayed for one night at the end of November 2007. Excellent service levels and quality of room - I would definitely recommend this for a longer stay .

lovely place , the reviews are right. We stayed in a suite , they were doing a special suite deal on there website so we booked thru that. That gives you free internet access and free use of the pool and the club L lounge which is great. Free drinks and food 24 hours a day , not just generic drinks , the real branded macoy ! So bombay saphire gin , champagne not sparkling wine everything was first class. Booked the limo transfer to the airport which is defo worth the extra little amount over a taxi , sitting in the back of an S class mercedes was opulance ! Very close to the mtr subway , which is an absolute credit to the city , clean safe and cheap , buy an octopuss card to travel easily on the mtr , you just scan it over the reader and the fare is automatically deducted. Its No.1 on trip advisor for a reason , its brilliant !

booked a Club room for 4 nights. Booked a hotel car from the airport , a perfect way to arrive. Upon arrival were taken to Club Floor and were upgraded to a Club Suite .

i spent 4 nights at the Langham Place hotel on a business trip to Hong Kong. I loved so many things about this hotel. The rooms are very comfortable with great beds , a pillow menu , nice bath robes , a huge bathtub , great bath products , and a nice large TV .

have just got back from 10 brilliant days in Hong Kong , staying in the Langham Place. Like many , we were swayed by the reviews to book a club level room and did n't regret it for a minute. Fab views , wonderful service - just take a wrap or jumper if you 're susceptible to air conditioning !

langham Place is a great hotel in Mongkok. If you 're heading to Hong Kong for work or pleasure this is a fantastic place to stay , without paying the high prices you 'll find in Central - and only a few train stops away .

stayed at the Langham Place for 9 nights from 8th November. I had booked the hotel following such wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor and was not disappointed. The trip was a suprise for my husband 's 40th and it certainly was a trip to remember. I had booked a club level room with access to the club lounge. When we checked in - not in the lobby but in the club lounge with a cup of tea and a hot towel - they asked us if we 'd like to upgrade to a suite. I was quite happy with the room I had originally booked so declined. However , they gave us the suite anyway. So , just keep this in mind. What can I say about the hotel which has not already been reported. The staff are wonderful. Concierge can tell you anything you need to know and give you the easy way to get around. They were just wonderful. We purchased an Octopus card which is the greatest creation going and travelled everywhere by MTR ; Star Ferry and Bus. The transport system is one of the best I have ever come across. The location of the hotel is , in my opinion , perfect. The markets are all on your doorstep , I felt safe everytime I went out on my own to do a spot of shopping whilst my husband and son had a swim early evening. We had breakfast in The Place each morning as the variety is so vast compared to the Club lounge which is just continental. But the lounge itself is well worth the extra if you are considering. Afternoon tea from around 3pm

we stayed at Langham Place for 3 nights over a weekend and were pleased we chose this hotel .

got back on Sunday and am missing their beds ! The hotel is excellent at what it does and I am glad to say that overall it deserves a high ranking on TA - the basis on which I went with this hotel .

we stayed in a Chuan Room for 2 nights and it was a great experience. The rooms have futon beds however they were suprisingly comfortable. The bathrooms have a great shower with two types on shower heads a large rain rose and also a standard head against the wall . The bathroom also had lovely generous sized Bvlgari products that smelt devine .

my wife , son and I stayed at LP for three nights 9-12 November 2007 and we would hghly recommend it. After alot of research , we got the best rate through their website which included breakfast and a return limo transfer from the airport. The latter was fantastic after our long flight from LHR - even given a PSP with a video all about the hotel and HK on it. Room not the biggest this is Hong kong but clean with the all glass bathroom and a good view. Standard buffet breakfast - tried the evening buffet in 'The Place ' one night. Good spread but quite expensive. Much better options available on several floors in the attached shopping centre. Free internet access available at computers in the work and play section. Great views from the pool , but it was a bit small and often crowded with no loungers available. We were travelling with a one year old - staff very child friendly sometimes overpoweringly so ! . Location was very good - nice walk down to Star Ferry terminal and Temple Street night market or you could easily use the MTR. Taxis actually good value as well but make sure you take the hotel-provided translation card.... not many drivers speak English ! Would definitely stay here again for its relative good value , excellent location and friendly staff .

everything about this hotel is 1st Class , the people the facility , the food meets the standards and the area is perfect for business and leisure travel in Hong Kong .... Great hotel !

this was our second stay at the Langham Place , This is truly a 5 Star Hotel .

we returned to the Langham Place after visiting earlier in the year and once again were not disappointed. It is an affordable 4 - 5 * hotel with a luxurious spa and great roof top pool. The location is unbeatable for shopping and transport links and the staff is well trained and friendly .

my ten year old daughter and I stayed at the Langham Place Hotel in Mong Kok for one night last weekend as a finale to our trip to Hong Kong. My little girl was apparently experiencing &quot ; cultural overload,&quot ; homesickness and travel exhaustion but the quiet luxury and friendliness of the staff soon put her at her ease. We loved the view of the harbour including the sound and light show from our window seat on the 30th floor. The cosiness and creature comforts of our room made it a haven from the city below. The roof-top pool was beautiful and has superb views both day and night. The spa staff were charming. We upgraded to the executive club which gave us access to nibbles and drinks when we wanted them .

my husband and I spent a week at the Langham Place and loved it. From booking through to departure , the staff were professional , pleasant and eager to please. The standards of housekeeping are exceptionally high. Our room was spotless and beautifully made up every day. We had an executive room , although we were offered the deluxe on arrival as our room was not quite ready. We decided not to take the deluxe as we wanted the extras that the executive had to offer. We were not disappointed. The oversized bath was very welcome after the long flight ; the separate shower was spacious and the rain shower feature was lovely after a hot and humid day out and about in Hong Kong. The bed was so comfortable and roomy. Try the different scented pillows ! The spa and pool facilities are excellent and , again , incredibly clean. We got the feeling that the staff enjoy their jobs and take great pride in what they do. Nothing was too much trouble without being intrusive. Try the hotel 's evening buffet which offers you the most incredible selection of dishes. Hong Kong is amazing ; transport system is cheap and efficient. We ca n't wait to go back !

my girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in October. We booked a club room and based on what we read on tripadvisor , we had high expectations of this hotel. We were not let down.. .

this hotel in a word - fantastic !

located in Mong Kok as soon as you step outside the Langham Place you are in the middle of the real HK - and also the most densely populated area. It 's an unusual location for a 5 * , but it 's a weel serviced hotel with very high standards - and I mean high ! If you don ' tlike heights do n't go here - there lifts are scenic although a couple are enclosed and the swimming pool on the 42nd floor treadmills face the view from the 41st .

wow , what a surprise ! This hotel is paired up with a shopping mall that is 13 stories vertical. This hotel is not near any other high end hotels and is away from the waterfront , but that makes it unique. The entrance is thru the shopping mall , but that gives you tons of places to eat and shop right outside your hotel door. It is one block from Nathan Road , a major shopping street and two blocks from some great cheap shopping streets. Ladies Market , sporting goods street , and electronics street are nearby. Be sure to haggle. The metro Mong Kok Station could be accessed from the mall and you can walk down to the tip of Kowloon in about a half hour. Of course , that means you dont shop all the way down. It seemed a brand new hotel with superior service - and we just came from Japan.....where service is superb .

our first stop before a tour of China was 4 nights at the Langham Place in Mongkok. We were lucky to receive a very affordable deal on the website for a Residential Suite on the 38th floor , and were thrilled with the luxury that awaited us. Super soft king size bed , plenty of space with the extra lounge area , and the bathroom was fabulous. Even the small touches like welcoming fruit , sweets and chocolate mouse was a pleasant surprise. Even the check-in process in the Club Lounge was very quick and friendly with a welcome cup of cha...was appreciated after a long day travelling , too .

the Lamgham Place is a beautiful hotel. the room was small but comfortable with two beds , small table , flat screen t.v. wet bar and cool glass sink in the bathroom. Screen came down for privacy. Restaurant was good. Located near the subway and shopping mall. Not near any souvenir shops but interesting area to walk around in .

the hotel was marvellous. Would definately recommend upgrading to the club lounge , we had 8 women travelling and it was a great place to stay. The Club Lounge had nibbles and drinks all afternoon and was definately a nice place to relax and unwind after a huge day shopping ! The pool area is great and if you like a morning run , there is nothing better than the treadmills in front of full glass windows overlooking Hong Kong. Not to mention plenty of other machines to give yourself a nice fresh start to the day .

i booked this hotel through Qantas who organised flights for my husband and myself from Oz to Europe with a 4 day stopover in Hong Kong on the way home .

my husband and I stayed in October for two nights , on our way home to OZ from a European holiday. I had booked a suite , which was a special deal through the hotel 's site .

loved my stay at the Langham Place 5 nights in October , 2006 .

my husband and I loved the hotel. Nice &amp ; modern furnished rooms , very comfortable beds. Staff were very friendly &amp ; helpful. Tried its chinese restaurant , food was pretty good. Kids loved the Harbor city in TST area better. However , we would definitely go back when we travel without our children

langham Place Hotel is a gem in Mongkok ; a 5-star luxury hotel in the middle of the densest area of Hong Kong. Excellent shopping , food , and subway/bus access are right outside the hotel environs. We had considered staying in the Sheraton at Tsim Sha Tsui for the view , but given the amount of pollution from the Pearl River Delta , we knew there would not be any good view of HK harbor anyway. The rooms at the Langham have glass-enclosed bathrooms , but if you need privacy you can always draw the curtains down. We also made good use of the spa facilities and rooftop pool. No complaints , and if we need another hotel stay in the future we would definitely use Langham Place again .

i was a little sceptical at the rave reviews that this hotel got from Trip Advisor reviewers as they seemed too good to be true. However , having stayed there for two nights in September 2007 , I would endorse the positive comments that have been written about Langham Place. The staff seemed to go out of their way to be courteous and friendly. In particular , the concierge staff in the lobby were very helpful in providing information about diferent locations in Hong Kong and how to get there. The rooms are beatifully furnished and equipped and are a cut above those of the average large hotel in this class. It is worth asking for a room with a view as some floors provide better views than others. My friends and I had booked two rooms , one of which had stunning views while the view in the other was far less spectacular. The mezannine bar is very pleasant and reasonably priced , at least during the early evening happy hour. Room service was efficient and of a good standard. There is a swimming pool and spa on the top floor with great views over the city. It is a really pleasant place to go in the evening or early in the morning. The hotel is also in a great location within walking distance of the top end of Nathan Street and very close to the metro station. It is linked physically to a shopping mall which mainly caters for a clientele of under 25s but has some good cheapish restaurants. The hotel is also within walking distance of the night market in Temple Street although much that is on sale is scarcely worth the effort. I had been in Hong Kong before about seven years ago and was surprised at how few bargains are to be had now. Beijing provides much better opportunities for the enthusiastic shopper !

based on Trip advisor reviews , I booked my group of 10 people in this hotel. The rooms and service were exceptional. The web site offered suites at HK $ 2,000 dbl. including a huge breakfast and a club room stocked with wine and food and goodies .

booked the Langham Place Hotel in Hong Kong as a result of Trip Advisor reviews and I was not disappointed. This is quite rightly the No. 1 rated hotel and offers terrific value for money if you book one of the package deals direct with the hotel .

this hotel was fantastic. We stayed here for 4 nights in one of the Club rooms in September and the overall experience was great. On arrival we were immediately taken to the Club Lounge where we were offered green tea and hot towels whilst we were checked in. Once checked in the staff offered us champagne and took our luggage to the room. The food in the Club lounge was delightful , as was the on tap champagne whenever you wanted it. The hotel is located right next to a shopping mall and Metro station which makes it very easy to get into the middle of Hong Kong or to get the Star Ferry. You are also next to the Lady 's market .

very good hotel , worth every dollar. Good location , good food. Breakfasts are awesome !

i have just returned from my first trip to Asia and I 've had a great experience staying at the Langham Place. I was expecting too much from this hotel because of all Tripadvisor â € ™ s reviews. The first impression is excellent with a great front desk service that has done a nice job trying to find me a room at 8am ! ! ! We had a terrible flight from Los Angeles to Hong Kong and my wife and I were really tired. After a few minutes all check-in was set and staff arranged a room for us at the 20th floor 2028 exactly with partial view of the bay and the city. However , the best part was coming : the suburb and magic bed of this hotel ! I have been traveling around for some time and have stayed in very nice hotels but have never found a bed like this one. It was impossible to get out of the bed .

having been a flight attendant for years I can truly say this is one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in. This is the Langham in MONGKOK not the one on the Island , although I 'm sure that it just as impressive. Stunning rooms with flat screen tvs , dvd player and best of all you can watch movies whilst lying in the bath ! Do avoid the 07 rooms as these are disabled rooms , and although obviously bigger , there is a wall in the bathroom which mean no watching tv in the bath !

a good standard for the price in Hong Kong. Staff anxious to please ; on occaisions possibly over so. Beds comfy and the rooms just big enough and very stylish. It is in MongKok so a little bit away from the main centres for business and tourism but the MTR is very close by. The spa and fitness centre are great as is the roof top pool. I would stay there again .

the Langham Place hotel provided good quality accommodation and had very friendly and helpful staff. It truly was an oasis in a hot and humid Hong Kong. It was great staying in Mong Kok away from the usual tourist haunts and touts ; however , equally the hotel was conveniently very close to the Mong Kok MTR station. This then gave us easy access to the rest of Hong Kong -the MTR is a great rail network. We are a family of five and had two interconnecting rooms which suited us well. The 'included ' buffet breakfast was also a treat and kept us going for best part of the day. The children , especially , enjoyed the chocolate fountain - even at breakfast !

somehow we ended up paying double what we thought we had to pay for this hotel. This most likely was because an error we made which is beyond the scope of this review. We paid $ 370 a night for this hotel which we felt was over-priced. Furthermore , when we got there they offered to move us to a better room they proceeded to tell us what a great room it was - view , size , etc... but for only &quot ; X&quot ; amount more. I am used to getting upgraded periodically at no charge. I found it strange that they were offering what appeared to me to upgrade me for an extra fee. Maybe that 's just Hong Kong .

we had a great stay and would certainly recommend staying here on a trip to HK. The rooms are small , that â € ™ s HK for you â € “ but the location is awesome you really feel like you are in the thick of things visit the food market at the back of the hotel to see how locals shop for dinner , it â € ™ s an eye opener .

fantastic

we stayed in the Langham Place Hotel for a week at the end of August/early September. The place is a 5 star hotel and it deserves every star ! The view is magnificient. The rooms are very comfortable , you can even choose your own type of pillow green tea leaves , rose , etc ! . The bathroom has a shower and a tub , white marble , thick white towels , bathrobes etc. Huge flat screen , DVD player , etc. The nicest thing was , on August 30th , we heard a knock on the door at 2pm , when coming back from lunch : a guy with a silver plate with a birthday cake and a card. A little thing that I really appreciated : The swimming pool is also very nice , on top of the building , with a superb view. The design in the entire hotel is really great. The staff very helpful and friendly. The concierge will write down anywhere you want to go so that you can give the taxi driver. There is also a spa. I had a massage there and am used to them , and it was very professionally mafe. So , two thumbs up , definitely !

i had a great stay at the Langham Place in Mog Kuk for three nights. I wanted to step away from the touristy side of Hong Kong and see a lively , local area but stay in a nice hotel. If that is what you are looking for than this hotel is THE place to be , especially with its access to the mall , great restaurants and just steps from the subway. The hotel is modern and upscale , and the staff is friendly and helpful .

the hotel is above the Mong Kok subway station. It is very convenient to go everywhere in HK. Beside the hotel , there is a shopping mall. We can find various food there. Rooms are so clean and fashionable. They spray a kind of essence in the lobby.It smells great and makes me feel confortable and relaxing .

this is a very nice hotel, , but definitely more for business than tourists. There is little to walk to - it requires constant use of the jammed MTR or busses to get get anywhere or to see anything .

this hotel is in the perfect location , especially for first time travellers to Hong Kong. The area is called Mong Kok and has easy access to their excellent subway system. The hotel itself is attractive and the rooms are small but roomy enough. Breakfast was very good and we enjoyed the easy connection to the shopping mall attached to the hotel .

i 've stayed here over 20 times and every time I love it even more ! The rooms are fantastic , especially the corner rooms and the blissful bed is the best ! The portal work and play lounge on the 2nd floor is a great place to have a drink after work and the rooftop pool and hot tub are some of the best in Hong Kong ! The gym and spa are also first rate .

book via their website but take note that the rates can change so you may find yourself cancelling and rebooking for the best deals .

the complex , and hotel itself is an ultra modern oasis in an area with a lot of local charm , and somewhat off the tourist path. The stone 's throw to the metro station still makes it accessible to the city .

as you may have already gathered from the multitude of glowing write ups on this hotel it is absolutely tremendous. The whole experience from initial booking to final check out was excellent. As many people have already said we found the best rate on the hotels own web site , there was also the opportunity to book breakfasts at a significant discount , paying as you dine can be pricey. There is also the opportunity to Skype the hotel through their web site to sort out and queries/problems you may have. Just prior to arrival we received a welcome email informing us of what offers were available , which was nice touch. Our family room was fantastic on the 32nd floor. Great views of Hong Kong and the bed was indeed blissful. The room was excellently equipped and the mini bar had a good variety of drinks at a reasonable price. The pool area is superbly located on the roof of the hotel with excellent panoramic views of Hong Kong. The Chuen Spa provides virtually every type of massage and treatment available and is well worth a visit. Many people have commented on the surrounding area of the hotel being a bit dodgy , but I think that it what makes the Langham even more special. Busy street markets just round the corner , the Langham Place mall accessible via a covered walkway , much cheaper breakfast alternatives exist in here as well , and the MTR are only 5 mins from your room. My family and I never felt threatened once whilst in Hong Kong. Perhaps the Langham â € ™ s biggest plus point are it â € ™ s superb staff. Everyone of them has obviously been well trained , as from the door staff to the management I came into contact with , they were polite , helpful and extremely proud to be of service. The breakfast buffet selection was excellent with all the food of a high standard. Complementary internet is available on the 6th and via the TV in your room for a daily tariff. I would strongly recommend that anyone visiting Hong Kong try the Langham Place Hotel as it is fantastic .

i stayed at The Langham Place in Hong Kong with my family for 12 nights 20/8-1/9/07 . We had one Residence Suite and two standard rooms .

while not in the most upmarket area it is easy to get everywhere. The hotel is great , food is very good and the staff were very helpful. The spa was fantastic and the pool area very pleasant. The room was good and very clean. Very good value for money .

stayed at the Langham Place for 2 nights on our way back to UK from Auckland. Booked adjoining Executive Rooms as we had 3 children in tow - this was arranged very easily by e-mail with the hotel. Absolutely fabulous experience from start to finish. Arrived very early in the morning in Air New Zealand flight. Pre-booked the hotel MPV to pick us up , where they had ice cold drinks waiting for us , and from there the service just got better and better. Fabulous ladies in pink looked after the kids as we checked in , and then we killed some time in the roof-top pool whilst my wife went to the Chuan Spa and had , by her reckoning , the best spa EVER .

we stayed at the Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok for 5 nights recently and loved it !

what a great hotel apart from the check in desk where the staff all seemed new and did n't really know how the systems worked. Stayed in a Kowloon room which was excellent , ultra modern , superbly clean with views over the city. The bar was great for a pre dinner drinks. The buffet dinner looked superb although we did n't get a chance to sample it. The service at the hotel was outstanding with all the staff very efficient and friendly. The hotel is in Mongkok and is a short metro ride to Hong Kong. Would definitely recommend this hotel

we stayed at the Langham Place for a week this July. We had a deluxe room , which felt a little smaller than usual. Breakfast was n't included in our rate but the hotel is right next to a shopping centre so we always had breakfast there. There are also lots of other restaurants close by. The hotel is also really close to Mong Kok MTR station. The Ladies Night Market is just around the corner as well .

we stayed in the hotel on Thursday night in a standard deluxe room before heading out to Macau the next day and back again for a night stay in an executive room much bigger .

this 5 star hotel is in the middle of all the shopping action. It 's a 5 minute walk to the local markets and you 're next door to the very classy Langham Place Shopping Plaza. Royal Plaza , another great shopping complex , is a 10 minute walk away. You 'll pass Fa Yuen St if you head in that direction , that too is a great place to shop for bargains. The hotel is also next door to a MTR. It is in a busy area of Mongkok but if you plan to shop then this is a great place to stay. There are also lots of places to eat near by , especially in the Langham Place Shopping Plaza. The Langham Place Hotel has a great buffet breakfast , worth the extra payment and the views from our 25th floor were fabulous. We paid a little extra for an executive room , got a good deal from their website. The room was small , but who needs a big room when you are out most of the time ? The marble bathroom was excellent with a deep bath. The bed too was comfortable with many pillows to choose from. We had internet access and a reliable room safe. The staff were great too and English is spoken well. I do n't have anything negative to say , we had a great 4 night stay .

while i think this place probably deserves to be in the top twenty of Hong Kong , I do n't quite get the number one ranking here- its exaggerated ! I booked the Langham Place in HK precisely because of the reviews it got here at tripadvisor sucker ! : P but if i were to return , i would feel indifferent about returning to this hotel .

stayed at the langham place in the beginning of august '07. First time in hong kong so I have great memories and I am happy with my choice of staying in the kowloon area. There is plenty to do in kowloon , nice restaurants , young fashion people , nice street markets , good views of hong kong .

my husband , son and myself arrived expecting the very best-we were not disappointed. This hotel was chosen carefully for the reviews , situation , room views of Hong Kong island and proximity to shops and cultural visits. The rooms-even whilst having a bath , you can look right at over the Hong Kong skyline ! I can not describe how hypnoptic and compelling this view was-day and night-we left the curtains open all the time ! I have never slept in a more comfortable bed and the room was well equipped and serviced. We ate breakfast-huge and varied array for all tastes , cultures-worth being adventurous !

stayed at the Langham Place Hotel for 3 nights... it was splendid ! ! the room is quite small but smart ! ! everything is very modern and they have room service twice a day. very good place as u can eat at the mall connected to the hotel , and u can even do ur last minute shopping there.. very close to ladies street but not that much to buy compare to temple street... the good thing about this hotel is that u just walk down the hotel and there is the MTR subway... very convenient even with ur shopping bags... .

i travel a lot for business &amp ; the quality of the Hotel makes a big difference to me. I really like the Langham Place and in comparison to the Hotels in HK Island or TST , think it is excellent value .

i am originally from Hong Kong and have family there. As a result , I 've been back a number of times and know the Hong Kong area and its hotels quite well .

stayed at the Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok for five nights with my elderly parents on a business-cum-pleasure trip to Hong Kong. Thus I am able to testify that this is an excellent hotel to stay at , either for work or for play .

i booked my hotel room months in advance for our holiday to ensure the proper experience for my family. I paid extra to stay in 2 rooms on the &quot ; Executive&quot ; floors for 5 nights. My family and I waited in line at the front desk for 45 minutes after a transcontinental flight. Meanwhile , in line , I over heard the person in front of me get upgraded to an executive room free of charge because they did n't have a standard room available for him at that time. I gave Langham Place the benefit of the doubt since it was so highly regarded on tripadvisor. Eventually , my positive attitude turned sour when the front desk informed me that I would have to wait an additional THREE HOURS before my rooms were ready. I booked months in advance , watched as the person in front of me get an &quot ; Executive&quot ; room immediately as a free upgrade , and had to wait three hours with 45 minutes in line. My family and I were relegated to wander the hotel and streets exhausted from our long haul flight. No remedy was offered. I felt I paid full price for discount service and treatment .

stayed during the Christmas period when it was extremely busy but found that they were friendly and informative. I think it had only just opened .

stayed there on our way back from Oz. Had booked a suite deal and pick up at the airport. Own separate check-in and all handled v. swiftly. We were travelling with a 6month old baby and the hotel were brilliant. The suite was lovely , bed very comfy , location great. we booked a babysitter and explored the temple street night markets which were close by. On our last day we had booked an extended check out which was 50 % of the night rate but there was a problem with our suite and when we complained we were upgraded to a bigger suite and not charged for our final day....Absolutely brilliant customer service .

spent three nights at the hotel at the end of a quick trip around the region. Room was OK size wise but the two twins beds only had two inches between them so room was fairly small even though we were in the higher floors. Maybe it was to make room for the separate shower in the bathroom ? Blissful bed is not quite there according to my princess daughter who wondered where they managed to get such a hard pillow top matress. But it was the best one we found in the region. Pool was fine and needed after a long day sighseeing. View from pool area on roof is fantastic .

this hotel is just fantastic : excellent service , personalized care and upmost courtesy and friendliness from the staff. Truly professional. We wish all hotels could be like this one .

having always stayed on the island , I was unsure about busy Mong Kok. My apprehension soon disappeared upon arrival ! This is a wonderful hotel and represents extremely good value for money in HK where quality does not come cheap. I would highly recommend the Club Floor. A wonderful lounge ; the first I have ever been in that is truly 24hrs with full bar facilities and food served over this time. The rooms are large , new and very tastefully furnished. Up to date and easy to use technology. Staff are attentive and helpful and very well trained. Great restaurants ! The MTR station is easily accessed in the basement of the hotel. I do n't think I will return to the Island again and really enjoyed the 'real Hong Kong&quot ; which this neighbourhood is. I always felt very safe. Well done team Langham Place- we will look forward to seeing you again soon !

i was n't convinced that there was that much to do in Hong Kong itself but staying in this hotel totally made my trip. The standards of service are excellent - puts most other hotels that i have stayed in to shame .

we stayed here for a week in Mongkok. This is on the Kowloon side and Mogkok means &quot ; busy corner&quot ; - and it certainly is - you get a real bustle for the city .

just returned from Hong Kong , where I resided five days at the Langham Place , inspired by the reviews on this site. I decided to stay at this hotel not only because of the overall favorably opinions but mainly because of the rapport between quality and price , which turned out to be excellent. For a good hotel with great amenities and services , it was reasonable. I am not a fan of huge hotels of this type , but I found that the service was maintained on all levels. I loved the spa and the outdoor pool which was big enough with an amazing view .

we stayed in Langham Place over the holy week in a 3 bed room Suite in the Club Floor. We had a twin room and a room with an extra bed. The rooms were spacious enough to commemorate us well. The extra bed was a little short but pretty comfortable. The big flat screen TV sets in both rooms were a nice feature too. Beside a nice and well lit bathroom with shower , bathtub and toilet we had another toilet room in the suite which was very well received being a party of 3. The rooms had a view over Kowloon rather than Hongkong Island but it was pretty impressive nevertheless .

we just returned from a ten night stay at this amazing and wonderful hotel. The staff made us feel like we at home or even better than home. Very helpful and courteous. Though the room was small , the amenities made up for it. Comfortable blissful beds , large flat screen television , rain showerhead were all great. Even better was the fitness center and swimming pool with one of the best locker rooms I have ever been in .

this place is just great ! The rooms are perfect , the spa is great , but quite expensive , the gym is fantastic , but the best place of all is the changing rooms ! They have a chinese hot tub , a steam room , a sauna , a swim suit dryer , lockers , toiletries , big white fluffy towels , sterilized hairdryers and so on. all with candles and relaxing music. I spent an hour in the gym and then and hour here every day. I was so pleased nothing in Hong Kong opened until 10 am ! !

my family consisting of my husband , 2 children 8 &amp ; 6 and my mother stayed here for 8 days. What a fabulous location. What more could you ask for a huge shopping centre adjoing the hotel , MTR at the bottom of the shopping centre. The excitment and fantastic shopping of Mongkok just outside the doors ! ! ! The beds were extremely confortable especially when we had stayed a few nights earlier in our trip at another hotel and the bed was like an ironing board . We had booked 1 residence suite which consisted of a small kitchen/lounge with separate King bed and adjoining to the suite was a club room with a queen bed. Being on the club floor is sure worth the little extra upgrade cost. It is so relaxing to be able to come back after a busy day shopping or sightseeing and being able to kick back and watch the most wonderful views from the 36th floor with a wonderful glass of red. The children were most welcome in the club as we have experienced at different hotels where children are not permitted into the club.... ! ! ! ! This is something that I alway now check with. All in all if you are staying in HK this is definately my pick .

my wife and I stayed 7 nights at the Langham Place in April and it surpassed all our expectations. Extremely comfortable , fantastic staff , great location , amazing roof top pool , luxurious spa and to top it all at very reasonable rates .

the room is very small for five star hotel. I have checked in at 16.30 but was told that the room was not available , have to wait for one hour. After I got to the room,I found out the it was not twin bed room that I had made a reservasion. I had to call the reception and was told that by the evening the bed will be changed. I was very upset with the service I got and would not return back to this hotel again. This is very poor serseve coparing to HK five stars hotel .

made a big mistake and booked the hotel for 2 days arriving one day before scheduled. Got to the airport and found the Langham Place driver do n't look around the arrivals area - walk towards the back of Arrivals A to find the Langham Place Desk .He advised that we were 24 hrs late and we would be charged for the first night. A quick call and we were waived the previous night and rebooked for the following two .

beautifully appointed hotel common areas and room. Stayed on the Club

the fact this is No.1 tells you all you need to know , great hotel and great value. The rms were lovely with fantastic power shower and comfy bed just what you need after a long flight. Service was very good. There were lots of really nice little touches that made it a first class place to stay .

our family stayed at the Langham for 4 days. The location was excellent , and conveniently located near the ferries and lots of shopping is n't that why you go to Hong Kong ?

i visit Hong Kong about 3-4 times a year and usually stay at the Conrad. I decided to give this hotel a try as they had a special deal for suites and I am so glad I did. The rate I paid was cheaper than a regular room at the Conrad although they always upgrade me to the Executive floor , being a HHonors Diamond . I had a Residence Suite and it 's actually a sitting room with full kitchen and a bedroom. The Grohe fixtures in the bathroom were very nice and I certainly appreciate the big 46 inch ? plasma televisions in both rooms. The only complaint I had was the bedroom was a little on the small side but the choice of pillows was certainly a nice touch and the mattress was nice and firm. I like to watch TV in bed and was surprised to note that the TV did not have a timer switch. The service was excellent and all the staff I came into contact with were very helpful. I love the location as I enjoy walking around Mongkok and Hong Kong being hot and humid in June , it was so nice to be able to duck back into the hotel for a quick shower and change of clothing everytime I got hot and sweaty. I already made the reservation for my trip in the Fall and I hope they continue the Suite deal next year .

my wife is sooo picky about Hotels , however she had nothing but praise for Langham Place from the second we arrived at their counter at the airport. We had nothing but 6 star service from that point. We arrived at 9am for a three night stop. Got our room at 11am an hour earlier than booked - had breakfast in the attached Langham Place shopping centre while waiting. Great view from our 29th Floor room. On the third day , while trying to resolve a family crisis at home , we had major problem with the phones in the room , which was professionally resolved by the front desk manager and his team. Breakfast was a buffet with an extensive variety in a pleasant open environment. Rooftop pool and spa jacuzzi were so relaxing. They also have a &quot ; Spa&quot ; on the top 2 floors for massages and other therapies. Staff were so helpful and so many of them ! MTR Metro is accessed through the connected shopping centre. This is now the only hotel we would consider in Hong Kong .

this is a beautiful hotel with fantastic service and a really convenient location .

i stayed here for 6 nights and was impressed. As our airport limo was

fantastic hotel , the only slight gripe was that our room was slightly smaller than others we stayed in during our trip. Pool is an amazing experience , the rest of the spa area is superbly executed. The link to the mall , the excellent restaurants and cafes , and the proximity to the MTR are major pluses. But the very best thing is walking into the neighbourhood , its not like further up in Kowloon where there are tourists everywhere , this is a vibrant , real and very chinese part of town. I love the combination of a crazy street scene , and a beautiful hotel when you 've had enough of it .

first of all , as ever thanks to all of you who submit advice on this site - it 's never let me down yet .

langham place is one of the best hotel that i had , it 's really really nice and will be a favorite hotel for those who love to shop like me , it is connected to Langham Place Shopping Mall and were you can also try to ride in one of the tallest escalator in ASIA. it is connected to Langham Place Shopping Mall and were you can also try to ride in one of the tallest escalator in ASIA funny me , Im like a first timer little girl to ride an escalator but take note its a tall one... . also just a short walk away is the ladies market and about a 5 minute walk u have fish market and then about 10 minute walk you have flower market and bird market which are interesting to see. the main shopping off temple street night market is easily accesable from the mtr subway located in the mall basement , take one exit .

i was at the end of my 2.5 week trip through Asia , during which I had gone to Singapore to meet with my vendor , gone to Guangzhou to meet with my client , back to Singapore to get engaged yes you read that correctly , and then to Hong Kong to meet with client. Needless to say , I was incredibly tired and just wanted a nice place to stay that was convenient .

after spending four nights at the Langham Place hotel in Mong Kok , I was surprised to see it atop Trip Advisor 's ratings for Hong Kong. It 's not that the hotel has major flaws - indeed , our stay was quite pleasant - but it was n't extraordinary either. Langham Hotels maintain two properties in Hong Kong ; the Mong Kok location is a bit farther from the main tourist attractions , while the other hotel is more centrally located. Had I the chance to do it over , I would not opt for the Mong Kok location. That said , the room was clean and comfortable , the staff very helpful. The hotel is connected to a mall by a sky bridge , so there 's a food court , coffee shops , and a host of stores just a few steps away. Free internet was a nice perk , too .

stayed 3 nights at the club level and got all kinds of goodies .

a little about me , I 'm a college graduate with an Architecture degree and am not rich by any means and thus do n't have the funds to stay at hotels of a luxurious sort and though I have been fortunate enough to stay at some pretty suave hotels in my short life The Langham Place was simply one of the best. Though I would have preferred a hotel located on the HK Island side of the harbor the location was fantastic. Getting to the hotel was a simple bus ride away from the airport and you literally do not have to go above ground to get from the MTA station to the hotel. The hotel is connected to a brand new shopping mall with a Starbucks right outside the lobby and the famous Mong Kok shopping markets right outside the doors. The design is hip and wonderfully fun. The hotel bar is hopping with live music at night and the spa , gym and rooftop pool are all free for hotel guests to use. The gym may not be fully equipped and I 'm sorry to say I did not try paying for the full spa treatment but the rooftop pool was spectacular. The room features were wonderful and the bathroom was a design treat. Do n't forget to ask for an iPod stereo if you happen to bring your iPod. And while there 's free internet downstairs there 's only a few computers and it 's slow but to get the quick connection in your room you have to pay around $ 20 a night. So all in all the hotel was amazing. So much so that it was dangerous because we spent much more of our five days in Hong Kong enjoying the hotel than we would have liked to. And that 's one of the biggest compliments I can give it .

stayed at Langham Place for 3 nights from 18 May in the standard twin

stayed at the Langham Place for 2 nights and loved it ! Great shuttle bus service from airport to hotel - good when you want the easy option of being dumped of at the front door when you 're jet lagged !

stayed at the the Langham this past March. Had booked a club room , got upgraded to a club suite upon arrival. Very nice , wonderful view , a bottle of champaigne and chocolates were waiting as we were celebrating a special ocassion , on the floor check-in/out , great plasma TVs 3 in the suite , free drinks 6-8 PM I believe , free breakfast , great omelettes , just nice. The location is fascinating to say the least , in old Hong Kong. Very colorful , have to see the street market by the hotel , most everything is alive , quite an experience. As for the location , we thought it was a little far from the main attractions , since most of the action , night life , etc. is in the harbor section. However , we crisscrossed the city one day in taxis for just about $ 20US. Which brings me to a great experience we had with a taxi driver. We hailed it to go from the jade market to a buddist temple we had all the destinations written in chinese by hotel staff since taxi drivers speak very little English . When pointing to the driver where we wanted to go , he saw the name and location of the hotel we were staying at thinking we wanted to go there. Ended-up leaving my eye glasses in the car , case and all. I thought for sure I 'll never see them again. Would n't you know , the driver remembered us we were the only westerners in that particular temple and the hotel we were staying , and returned them when his shift was over in late afternoon. Unbelievable. Security at the hotel is pretty tight , my wife smokes , only allowed outside the hotel , and whenever she went for a cigarrette in front of the hotel she 'd be assigned a door man to watch over her , and the same for other guests who went outside for a smoke. It makes you wonder about the general safety of the area. However we walked around , day time , without incident. All-in-all , had a great time in Hong Kong and at the Lamgham .

langham PLACE HOTEL MONGKOK

me , my wife , and my 2 kids had a wonderful stay in Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok from May 5-9 , 2007. Upon arrival , we went up to the lobby which was located on the 4th floor. It was not as big and wide as I had seen in official hotel photos , but did not lose any of the glitter and elegance nonetheless. Staff was proficient in English , very attentive , and even upgraded me to an executive room. True enough , there were 2 ladies in red who will press the elevator buttons for you. The room was not big as compared to other hotels , but it is not cramped in any way .

everything written about this hotel is true. Booking a club room is definitely worth the extra cost. Superb service. Great position for those that want to be in the midst of &quot ; old&quot ; Hong Kong , but stay in a state-of-the-art hotel. We walked everywhere. Nelson Street with its live fish market , fruits , vegetables and meat stalls is just as remembered 40 years ago , as is the whole area. The flower and bird markets are just around the corner. And we thought an easy and interesting walk to the Star Ferry and thus to Victoria .

great hotel .

not much to add to all the other reviews .

great location for exploring Kowloon and useful to be so close to shops and food outlets in the Langham Place Mall as well as Mong Kok MTR. Room was quite luxurious with LCD TV screen and good quality bathroom. A good base for getting around Hong Kong .

wow , where to begin ?

one of my favourite hotels I have ever stayed in if not the favourite ! .

let me start off by saying I have been going to HK for almost 20 years. I have stayed at the Regent Now the intercontinental , the Harbour Plaza s , as well as the Sheraton , Nikko , Shangri La , and a few others .

this is the best choice if going to Hong Kong. It is in Kowloon but there is a mtr station across the street which gets you to Hong Kong island in about 10 minutes. The food is amazing and the service is top-notch. The rooms are beautiful and appointed with every detail imaginable. The gym and pool are on the roof top and better than any other I have seen and I have seen some of the best Go to the portal restaurant for great burgers , drinks , etc.. The Chinese restaurant in the hotel is excellent. Also has a Starbucks in the lobby connection bridge .

from the moment we arrived at the Langham Place hotel at 0730 in the morning the standard of service was set. We were happily granted an early check-in and speedily sent up to our delightful room that had extensive views over the city. The quality of all the fittings and ammenities was excellent and we were able to begin the process of making the most of our 3 night stay in Hong Kong .

we arrived on Christmas Day - the first stop of our honeymoon. The hotel is in a great location - Mongkok is fun and busy and gives you a taste of life in Hong Kong. The location is fab - just a few secs walk to the MTR. Buy a Octopus card which you can top up when you need and then get cash back at the end of your stay. We wizzed our way back and forwards from Kowloon to Hong Kong island - it is really easy. Having recently used the tube system in New York and Boston - this is a doddle. We did usual sights - Peak , Big Buddha by cable car , Ocean Park to see the pandas it is so busy there ! ! ! . We were left a bottle of fizz by the hotel and a Christmas gift. Our room had such a comfy bed - bliss after long haul flight and preparing for the wedding. Great views over hong kong , great bathroom and fanastic service .

my boyfriend and I booked this holiday with Thomas Cook Signatures as a package deal , 3 nights in Hong Kong , 3 nights in Bangkok and 10 nights in Phuket , Thailand .

the best thing for us was the location. Mongkok is as Chinese as it gets in Hong Kong. The extensive night market five minutes walk away has far more local shoppers than tourists. Buses and trains are on the doorstep so you can get anywhere else in Hong Kong with ease. Harbourside locations seem sterile by comparison. The hotel itself rates four and a half stars --- the missing half star is the relatively small size of the rooms. But it was very quiet at nights and the air-conditioning was effective. Staff were excellent. A highlight is the rooftop swimming pool and luxurious changing rooms. Do n't bother with paying for the hotel breakfast -- there is a Delifrance in the shopping centre next door at a quarter the price. One or two tips. Buy an &quot ; octopus&quot ; card at any MTR station there 's one immediately by the hotel to make it particularly easy to travel around on everything from trains and trams to minibuses and the Star Ferry. Because public transport is so good there is no need for organised excursions --- much more exciting to do it yourself. We recommend Lamma Island easy ferry ride for an exhilarating walk between the two main villages. Stanley Market may be touristy , but it does have some great bargains. Aberdeen 's high-rise developments have to be seen to be believed and take a sampan trip round its harbour ignoring the tourist trap floating restaurants . The number 15 bus which leaves from outside the Star Ferry terminal is just as spectacular a method of getting up the Peak as the funicular which often has lengthy queues . If you are there on a Sunday go to Kowloon City Park or Victoria Park for local colour .

stayed at the Langham Place a 5 start hotel very expencive but very poor service. One has one type of beds and they are rock hard , do not complain as you will only be insulted. more Like a faulty towers hotel then a 5 star .

what a great find for our stay in Hong Kong-the hotel offers first class service s and is particulary well sited for all the exploration we undertook of the Island. Although the room was relativeley small - this was acceptable as there was only two of us -and the standard of cleanliness and facilities on offer far outshone this 'minor ' observation. I would recommend-and have been since my return ! - the Langham place as a first rate hotel with super facilities , location , service and best of all , value for money !

the room booked were for a family of three , they called them Kowloon Room , which supposed to be a bit bigger than the standard room in the Hotel. I still found it to be small for three peoples .

love this hotel. It 's now my favourite city hotel in the world. Yes , rooms are compact , but they are well-proportioned and have everything you could ask for. Beds are heavenly and the location is wonderful. I love Mong Kok - it 's a vibrant and exciting place to explore , but the hotel is very close to the Metro so it is quick and easy to get almost anywhere. I very much hope I will return. I also stayed at the Silvermine Beach Hotel on Lantau which is not this kind of luxury hotel but is also worth staying at as it offers an interesting contrast to the city hotel. It 's only a half hour ferry ride and offers easy access to places like the monastery and Tai O small fishing village .

we , a group of three travellers , stayed in a Suite in the Langham Place Hotel for a week and overall , we had a fantastic experience .

i stayed at the Langham Place hotel in early April , and thought it was a good place to stay if you 're looking for something nice and have ~ $ US200 a night to spend .

despite a number of positive reviews here , I was a bit hesitant when I originally decided to book a room , because Mong-Kok is a very busy area and a bit far from the places I needed to go .

the positive reviews from Tripadvisor lead us to book this hotel and in general we had a similar positive experience as most people who have placed a review. But I feel a number of the reviews have lacked some balance. Having stayed at a few hotels around the world I can offer the opinion that this is definitely a four star hotel pretending to be five as sold to us via the British Airways website . On the positive side the health spa , food and staff were all excellent and the hotel is well located for the MTR and shopping in Mongkok. The health spa and facilities are some of the best I have used .

langham Place Hotel Mongkok .

we started off our trip around the world here. I â € ™ d been to Hong Kong a few times before and always stayed in Kowloon Area , its a lot less touristy and you get to see the real side of HK and its people. You are right in the middle of all the shops and there is an MTR Station right beside you that will have you to the harbour in less then 10 mins .

we had a blast here , staying in a club room with access to the Club Lounge well worth the extra cost but still very very reasonable . The lounge provided Bladerunner skyline views , a relaxing living room atmosphere , plentiful complimentary nibbles/drinks and , above all , the most amazing massage chair I have ever used in my entire life. Wow ! You must check out that chair ! The hotel 's Mongkok location made us feel like locals and allowed convenient access to the rest of the city via an MTR station across the street. Food in the hotel lobby restaurant was outstanding on 3 different days. The rooftop pool and sauna facilities are among the best we 've used and it was a pleasure to just sit and 'be ' in the adjacent Contemplation Room sipping tea afterwards. The staff were always helpful and made us feel very welcome without gettting in our faces. We would stay here again without hesitation .

booked the room thru &quot ; booking.com&quot ; web site. stay at the hotel was very enjoyable.easy walking distance to all the shopping you would need.internet was free and available 24 hours at the business lounge.also they had this canadian jazz singer singing 6 nights a week.her name genieve gigi .she was really very good .

from the moment we arrived at reception to be greeted with warm towels after a very long journey from the UK , I knew that this was going to be a very special hotel .

worth booking into the club floor for the daily cocktail hour,internet access and all day nibbles .

a Great Hotel Despite Challenging Location

i spent the final two 2 days of February '07 at Langham Place. My experience , for the most part , was &quot ; mixed&quot ; at best. In other words , some things they seemed to do very well , while regrettably totally &quot ; missing the mark&quot ; on others .

we spent 3 nights here and booked a club room which gave access to a lovely lounge with food and drinks , internet access , fab views and a massage chair .

my wife and I stayed here for four days in February and both of us absolutly loved it. Everything is clean and new with a very pleasant smell introduced into the public areas by the hotel. Everyone of the staff was pleasant and helpful , including the concierge who was always happy to assist with maps , places to see and restaurant reservations .

this is an excellent hotel with excellent service in one of the most historic parts of Kowloon. It 's going to be my home away from home whenever I visit or work in Hong Kong. The MTR is right downstairs , there 's plenty of outside restaurants and shopping inside the connected mall , and even a theater next door if you 've got time for a movie .

i stayed there 3 times. The Concierage staff is very unhelpful. I think some of them have an attitude problem .

as a regular Business traveller this is the one Hotel I always look forward to returning to. I have stayed here 3 times and I am returning on Monday again and ca n't wait. From the lovely rooms with great views to the excellent restaurants and superb food. But the real bonus to this Hotel is the Spa on the top floor. It is beyond excellent and if you do stay please try it as it is excellent value for money. A brilliant brilliant Hotel .

the Langham Place Hotel in Hong Kong is like every hotel should be .

this was our first visit to Hong Kong , a 3 night stopover on our way to Australia. After much deliberation should we book harbour view hotel / should n't we book harbour view hotel we decided on a non harbour view hotel to fit in with our budget. We decided on the Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok. Before arriving , we were unsure of the area/location of hotel and the style of hotel. We were not at all disappointed. As soon as you arrive at the hotel you will be impressed. We checked in and went straight to the bar which happened to have happy hour at the time. Great food and drink menu selection with seafood counter. Buzzy yet at the same time relaxing environment. The hotel location is fabulous. Right on top of an MTR station with easy connections to travel all over the city. A very easy underground system to use with safe , clean , fast , regular trains. Easy to get anywhere on Kowloon or the Island. The hotel is within very easy walking distance to the famous markets and shopping streets. Speak to concierge who are excellent and can help with all queries , questions and directions . Regarding the hotel , we had a standard room on 27th floor which we were very pleased with. Very comfortable , great bed and bathroom with glass walls ! ! . Good views too. Hotel is attached to large shopping complex access via reception which is great for shopping but also has a food hall with menus to suit all. Even if you do n't manage a swim , be sure to take a look at the hotel rooftop pool. Enjoy ! We would definitely stay at this hotel again .

just returned from a trip round asia , stayed at the Langham place for three nights. Lovely hotel , good location , only down side room a little small , however if thats all I can moan about thats good. Good choice at breakfast. In room facilities were good with largish flatscreen tv and dvd player , fantastic shower in the marble bathroom. Bed was so comfey , just what you need after a long flight. Close to the MTR which was easy to use. Eating out was fine as the hotel has a direct access to the shopping centre via a walkway bridge. Quite a few eating places here that are good value for money. The staff were very polite and friendly. Close to the ladies market for some cheap clothes etc .

amazing hotel. We stayed in the Studio Suite which was rather spacious. It was on an upper floor and had floor to ceiling windows which looked out over Victoria Harbor and also at Victoria Peak. The room was very clean and modern , as is the rest of the hotel. Its location is also excellent. Located in the Mong Kok area of Kowloon , it sits practically on top of an MTR station so you can get around very easily. It is within walking distance to just about all of the various street markets in Kowloon as connected to the Langham Mall - which is great in the event there is a sudden storm , you can kill time w/o getting wet. We would stay here again in a heartbeat. Do n't let anyone tell you that this area of Hong Kong is not the place to be - having also staying in WanChai , we preferred this location as it lets you experience the 'true ' Hong Kong up close and our your own - much by just walking right out the door of the hotel. It was a very safe area as well , we were walking the streets at 1am and did not feel uncomfortable. In fact , it was not uncommon to see many people on the streets at this time .

arrival

i dont normally post reviews but we stayed in this hotel over Xmas until just before new year and I thought this is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Service was unbeatable , my executive room was first rate and the pool , sauna and other such-like facilities were excellent. I find it hard to find any fault in this hotel , even its excellent location in Mongkok .

stayed here for three nights as the first leg of a trip which then went on to Thailand .

its worth going to stay at the Langham Place just for the desserts ! The chocolate fountains and individual portions of gorgeous puddings are 'to die for ' !

this is my third stay at this hotel this year. I used to stay at the JW Marriott every time I 'm in Hong Kong. The Marriot is not bad but a bit more pricey. The Langham Place is relatively inexpensive and it offers spotlessly clean rooms and awesome service. I am going to continue to stay there while I 'm in Hong Kong .

a true modern gem in Hong Kong at a great price - everyone at the hotel from the front desk staff to the maids went out of their way to make us feel welcome and comfortable. Hotel is connected to a great shopping mall with restaurants Starbucks , Deli France etc and right on top of the Mong Kok MTR station .

my sister and I traveled to Hong Kong for a cultural experience we will never forget. After reading the ranking on TripAdvisor I decided to book our 9 night stay at the Langham Place Hotel. It was fantastic ! There were a few things that were particularly nice : 1 the hotel bar/lounge scene which had great food and drinks which we enjoyed immensely before heading out on the town on our 1st night and many more to follow 2 the cleanliness 3 the location - Mongkok gives one more of a 'local ' feel of Hong Kong 4 while on the small side , the beds and pillows were great as was the rain shower , especially after the long flight 5 the fitness facility , we saved our HK $ and skipped the spa but loved the free sauna &amp ; gym 6 the hotel staff - unfortunately I came down with bronchitis too many nights at the bar I suppose and the front desk arranged for a doctor to come to my room the following morning. For only HK $ 1500 I received excellent medical care which included all of the prescription drugs. Honestly the only thing I would like to change would be the slow lifts/elevators. Buy an octopus card and travel on the MTR like a pro. It 's incredibly easy to get all around HK and much faster than taking a taxi .

i read so much about this hotel before taking the plunge and booking it. Well the first bad experience was to catch the underground to Mong-Kok hotel location with a cranky wife , 2 hungry 3 year old boys &amp ; about 60kg of luggage. The underground is about a 6 escalator trips + short walks to the hotel lobby and it does not stick out in your face even when your at the lobby level because you are actually in a shopping mall .

stayed here not long after it openned. Great rooms with glass walled bathroom so you can lay in the bath watch the plasma screen or look out over Kowloon .

stayed here for 5 nights in Nov/Dec .

the High Tech features are a little daunting at first as is the see through window from the superb bathroom which as well as enabling one to watch TV whilst taking a bath , also exposes the tiolet to anyone in the bedroom !

there 's not much to add that has n't been said already - this is a great hotel ! Our 29th Floor room had a fantastic view. It was very clean and contained everything we needed. The jacuzzi / pool area on the 41st Floor was excellent and was also quiet so you never felt crowded .

we booked this hotel because our first choice , based on this website , Hotel Nikko was unavailable. Having stayed in the Langham Place I 'm glad .

stayed here for 3 nights .

the Hotel was awesome...it 's true about what earlier reviews have commented...the aroma when you walk into the lobby , the greetings you received when you walk in. I stayed in the executive room...it was very nice , the plasma tv , the bathroom , and the view...i 'd definitely stay there again... what 's cool : i made my reservation through their website in july...when it came close to my arrival date , the price went down two times...so , if you plan ahead , check periodically on the rates...you may be surprised ! I 'll post photos in the near future .

first Class Five Star Hotel with terrific contemporary design which manages to avoid the stuffiness of competing Five Star Hotels in HK .

had a lovely stay at the Langham Place during a six day stay .

we arrived in Hong Kong after a 3 week tour of mainland China following the Silk Road so this hotel was an oasis that allowed us to recuperate before returning home .

excellant Stay. Beautiful hotel , inter-connected with a shopping mall with a good mix of shops and cafes and restuarants. Also beside the Mong Kok Mtr station so easily accessible from anywhere in Kowloon or Hong Kong island .

we stayed for six nights in late October. The hotel was great. Rooms , service &amp ; food were fantastic. I noticed many complaints regarding getting to the MTR subway , we found this quite easy. Just go to the ground level , walk across Shanghai Street , through the mall &amp ; the MTR is just on the other side. If you take the walkway into the mall from the Lobby level of the hotel it will be painful to get there .

we stayed at Langham Place Hotel , Mong Kok in September for 2 nights on a stopover from Australia to the UK. We also stayed for 1 night on our return journey in October but paid for 2 - note of caution - do n't get your time zones mixed up and book the wrong night ! ! ! We booked an executive studio room for 3 , on a bed and breakfast package .

stayed for three nights in the standard rooms. Even though this was a brand new hotel , I thought the decor of the room , especially the bathroom to be quite ugly ! Room was small but functional. Air contditionaing was fantastic with an easy to use digital thermostat. A power adapter and ethernet cable is provided free of charge inside the mini-bar. Broadband internet both wired &amp ; wifi was super-fast but not free. The business center/bar provies about ten terminals to suft the web free of chrage 20 minute time limit . A poster below found the rooms to be noisy and the elevators slow-that was not my experience. No noise from the street or from the hallway , and no problems with the elevators. But I agree that getting to the hotel from the subway station via the mall was frustrating ; you have to go up five different escalators. I quickly learned that exiting the station via portland st. and walking around the exterior of the mall to the hotel was much quicker. I had no problems with the location ; hotel is just a five minute walk from the northen tip of the temple street night market , and everything else is just quick train ride away with Hong Kong 's super efficient subway system .

the Langham Place sets out it 's stall as one of the top hotels in the world and certainly pulls it off. We stayed for a few nights en route to Australia and being familiar with most of the top hotels in Hong Kong , we were blown away by this place !

views : outstanding. Rooms : outstanding. Service : outstanding. Location : outstanding. Value : excellent .

i booked this hotel for a short business trip based on the numerous glowing reports from this site .

stay here once or twice a year. Design wise it 's fantastic. A really beautiful place with wonderful rooms and a great location in Mongkok. Great for business in Kowloon as your right on top of the MTR. Pretty good shopping center contected directly to the hotel. Lots of local color day and night in surrounding Mongkok. More of the real Hong Kong than you 'll see in Central or TST. Service is hit or miss , though overall pretty good. Room service is delicious. Try the cheeseburger or steak sandwich , you wo n't be disappointed. Always look forward to returning .

i stayed in this hotel with my mother , maid and 2 very young kids. We got a Kowloon quad room for HK1750 excluding taxes. The room is very comfortable , but feels a little cramp .

amazing .

we stayed for 4 days , honestly the room is only ok when you take a look closely for the detail , might be too high tech feeling for me ; very small like those typical HK 's apt , but the attached mall is AMAZING , one of the best place to shop local HK designer stuff , and it happened to be the discount time , check the mall if you guys have time , very cheap and good trendy item .

the hotel is the newer , more beautiful sister to the Langham Hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui , and it is connected to a huge mall in Kowloon. While the Tsim Sha Tsui location is more desirable with top brand name shopping like Gucci , Hermes , Ferragamo , etc just a stone 's throw from the hotel , I liked the Mongkok location better I have stayed at both because of the convenience factor. You can get to the metro without ever leaving the building , since it is connected to the mall. There is also an impressive food court in the mall .

we stayed here in Sept for 13 nights. Its a fab hotel and we did n't want to leave. We had an early check in- which was no problem .

the last days of our honeymoon we were in Hong Kong at the Langham place. They offer a terrific service starting at their welcome desk at the airport. You can choose to go by limo to the hotel HKD450 . Once we arrived we were welcomed and taken directly to our room on the 28th floor. Great warm welcome ! This experience lasted during our stay .

believe all the good reviews - this hotel is absolutely fabulous. This is a modern hotel with excellent service and high quality facilities .

i stayed in the Langham place hotel for a week with my wife and two children 15 and 13 . we had two separate rooms on a highish floor. I 'm not sure I can add more than what has been said. rooms are really lovely and luxurious. public rooms are very nice and service from the staff was excellent. we had breakfast every day in the nearby shopping mall which is also amazing. all in all , this is really a terrific hotel. and expedia offered us a really good rate. well worth the money. one drawback of this hotel is that the next hotel you visit ca n't match it and thus may appear disapointing .

i booked the room through a Singapore travel agent and when I went there with the children , they did not allow me to use the pool as they said that my room was booked with the travel agent who enjoyed very special rates with them , I had to pay additional HK $ 80 per pax in order to enjoy the facilities. Thank God that my children were not dressed up to swim yet. I wrote a personal complaint letter to the hotel upon returning home and received a reply from them saying that they have amended this policy and all guests can use their pool now. Too late , I already felt discriminated against .

the stay at the Langham Place was at the end of the holiday. We are glad that we choose a 5 star holiday in Hong Kong. When we arrived , the weather was hot , humid and extremely smoggy. Of the 6 days in Hong Kong , only 3 were clear hot days .

we stayed for four nights at the end of July and absolutely loved the experience. We arrived about 11am but no problems checking in then. Fantastic view from our room on the 29th floor. We requested and got a non smoking room. touches I really liked - ice making machine on each floor , huge plasma tv with free dvd hire , free internet access from the business centre , friendly staff , great roof top pool - and his and hers showers , steam room and sauna. In fact , when we said we had a late night flight , they let us check out at 1pm but suggested using these facilities and the locker room. This meant we had a relaxing time by the pool , a great shower , changed into fresh clothes before going. Yes , the room was n't gigantic - but the views from the window and the glass wall between the bedroom and bathroom made it seem more spacious. And there is a blind you can pull down for privacy ! I loved where it was located. Great shopping mall for the food court and the more up market retaurants on the higher floors. We had many meals at both. Close to the MTR , and close to some great local markets. Warning - tonic water is very difficult to find. I found one place nearby only. And my husband wanted tomato juice , which on the suggestion of the staff we got in the shopping plaza with international food where the big ships come in. I would definitely stay here again .

everything about this hotel is outstanding. The best there is to offer Kowloon side and close to MTR. Excellent value for 5 * luxury .

my friend and I stayed at the Langham Place hotel for 8 nights in July and found it to be pleasantly surprised despite of our high expections. Mongkok is definitely not a typical 'tourist ' area but we find it actually more convenient. The attached Langham Place mall offers a huge selection of restaurants and fast-food outlets. Even on early mornings on weekends , you could still get a very reasonably priced breakfast combo at the Delifrance outlet. The MTR station is a stone 's throw away. In many ways , the location is actually more convenient than Tsim Sha Tsui since you do n't really have to walk outside for transportation in the sweltering summer heat. By the way , there are at least 4-5 7-elevens and a 24 hour Wellcome Grocery store within a 3 block radius .

this hotel was wonderful... I can not believe anyone would have anything negative to say about it. I travel frequently on business and pleasure and this hotel was fantastic ! The service was A + . The room we stayed in the studio was top notch .

i just can not believe that anyone would have anything negative to say about this hotel as it is just beautiful and a true 5 * ! The staff go out of their way to please you and everywhere you walk , staff smile and wish you 'Good Morning ' Even the 'Breakfast staff ' in The Place remembered each morning as to whether we preffered tea or coffee and graciously poured it out for us as soon as we sat down to have our breakfast. The Hotel is stunning and immaculate - I am very fussy and I could not fault anything !

my mother and I stayed at the Langham Place Hotel for 1 night after our 3 weeks in Viet Nam as a stop-over on July 1st , 2006. Upon arrival , the bellman took our luggage and promptly directed us to the lobby above the street level that we arrived on . The lobby was very spacious and had a pleasant fragrance. We were given cold face towels , which were quite refreshing. The staff was very courteous and spoke English quite well. After a few minutes , I found out that they had book the suite for us instead of the room we requested so they proceeded to correct the mistake and booked us into the Club room on 39th floor. Before we left , I 've done some research and also read about the reviews and thanks to those wonderful reviews and pictures , I knew what to expect and there we were - A great room with a great view ! The plasma screen TV was a big bonus and the bed was to die for ! After travelling in Viet Nam for 3 weeks sleeping on HARD beds , the sight of the plush bed , comforter and pillows made me want to climb into bed and call it a night eventhough it was only 2pm . That night we slept so soundly and so comfortably that we did n't get up until 9AM the next morning and for 3 weeks , we could never sleep after 6AM ! The room temperature panel is touch-control and a cordless phone was available for guests to use in the hotel. The shower was great with a rain shower head and a regular one , with great toiletries in the shower and along the tub. The sink and surrounding counter were glass , pretty cool but I thought the coolest thing was that I could and did watch a movie on the plasma screen TV in the huge bathtub while taking a bubble bath ! The blind can be drawn for privacy or pulled up so you can see right through to the room , to give it an open concept feeling. The window in our room was floor to ceiling and massive ! There was even a leather seating area built on the window ledge should you want to sit and admire the wonderful view ! The pillow menu was also a great personal touch. I chose the Lavender scented and my mom chose the Rose scented pillow , they were both fantastic ! Tea and coffee and 2 bottles of water were available with compliments. They even had chocolates and a bottle of water on each side of the night table for us turn down service when we were out and next to each bed , they had a bedside carpet for your feet with slippers on top. We were informed that internet was free wow located on one floor above the lobby and we could rent out DVDs for free as well , although they were old ones but we did rent one anyway. The hotel offered several restaurants , although we did n't eat there , the scents of wonderful food as we walked by was pretty yummy !

i stayed in langham place in July on a business trip , which was first time as usually stay island side - Purposely booked langham place as its a little out of the way and would have a little more peace from the usual hordes of colleuges and clients I bump into in other more central hotels !

have you ever had a friend that has spent a lot of money on an outfit , and the end result is that she/he still appears tacky or tawdry ? Well that describes the Langham Place Hotel in Hong Kong to a tee .

i went to the Langham place in Mong Kong in June 2006 on my Honeymoon. It was the perfect end to an awesome trip. We arranged for the hotel to pick us up at the airport. A Mercedes Limo was waiting for us with water and a cold towels. When we got to the hotel a quick check-in , less than five minutes to our club floor room. Our room was on the 39th floor and had a nice view of the harbor and surrounding area. Waiting for us was a bottle of champagne and chocolates nice touch by hotel , even though we booked the room at a reduced rate . We almost picked a hotel closer to the harbor so we would have a nicer view but decided on the Langham due to its location in a non-touristy area and lower price for a club room .

my wife and I stayed two nights at the Langham Place Hotel as a stop-over and found the hotel to be delightful. The room was spacious , luxurious and very well appointed , the public areas were excellent and the staff were extremely obliging. Mong Kok is out of the usual tourist area and the surrounding streets are a bit scruffy in places but the hotel is handy to the Temple Street and Ladies ' markets , if that 's your thing. There is public transport available nearby and the shopping centre attached to the hotel is very stylish .

i stayed at the Langham Place for 7 nights from June 18th and had a fantastic holiday. Upon arrival the staff were courteous , efficient and welcoming - I stayed with 2 friends and we had booked a triple room but were upgraded to a much larger quad room without having to ask. The hotel is immaculate , the whole hotel has a light fragrance of jasmine - not overpowering but pleasant and the views over Hong Kong island are among the best I have ever experienced .

i stayed this hotel for 3nights. And I was n't happy at all with them .

langham Place Hotel in MonKok is and always will be my choice when staying in HK. I have stay there for 3 times since Oct 2005. I have found their service quality is consistant , although , SOME hotel staff seems inexperienced. The hotel recreational factilites are amazing. Especially with their gym , pool and suna and steam rooms .

the hotel was perfect , really well looked after and the room was lovely with a good view. Free dvds and internet access were also provided. The weather was quite mixed so direct access to the mall and cinema next door proved very useful !

excellent hotel stayed for 3 nights enroute to New York , Rooms were small but very comfortable with turndown service. Rooftop pool was especially nice as well as gym and spa area , gym had top notch equipment and excellent views , location in Mong Kok is excellent , not a very touristy area but you feel like yours actually staying in Hong Kong. Shopping is excellent in Mong Kok and in the attached maill. Would stay here again without hesitation. Close to subway and KCR

stayed for three nights at the end of March en route to Perth. We had booked a family room with two double beds and were for some reason upgraded to the Emmasadors Suite on the 40th floor. Room was complete with laundry , kitchen , study , two bedrooms , two bathrooms , plasma t.v 's everywhere and simply stunning views .

just returned from a wonderful time at the Langham Place and ca n't rave enough about it. It was a bold decision to build a very modern , design statement hotel in a non-tourist type environment-but it works ! Everything about the hotel spells attention to detail , from the edgy floral arrangements to the wonderful smell of ginger flowers that wafted throughout the public areas I bought bottles of the stuff to take home as presents ! The lounge/bar area is jazz cool and if you want to shop upscale or grab a Starbucks there is a multistory , brand new shopping mall attached. Or if you 'd rather eat with the locals and shop at the markets , just step outside the front door Ladies Market is just around the corner . The rooms are Hong Kong small , but very comfortable with plasma screen TV on the wall and a huge rain shower and glass sink in the bathroom. We had three people in our room husband , son and I with one queen and two twin beds and still plenty of room for luggage etc so while small-good utilization of space .

this is the second time i have stayed in the Langham place hotel and the service has much improved over the last time last june .

the hotel came as a recommendation , and I was a bit apprehensive when I booked it , but it turned out to be a superb hotel. We stayed for 5 nights at the beginning of April .

we stayed at the Langham Place Hotel for 3 nights in April , 2006. It was a divine experience. We were a traveling trio of grandmother , mother and daughter. Upon arrival we were pleased to find 3 twin beds instead of the typical double beds which require sharing. The beds were very comfortable , unlike many of the very hard beds you usually find in Hong Kong. The view from our 32nd floor room was spectacular .

i wanted to stay at the original Langham but it was full , so I thought this sister hotel would be comparable. That proved to be a big assumption. First of all , the Mongkok area is congested and a bit depressing. Ok--I know some people say Mongkok is interesting because this is where the real HongKongers live. But trust me , that does n't mean you want to stay there. I love Hong Kong and have been there numerous times , so I have nothing against crowds , etc. But Mongkok felt choking with humanity .

we stayed for two nights , 22/23rd March 2006 , en route to Australia. Staff are very attentive , rooms are adequate my wife was not amused by the glass walls surrounding the bathroom , although she did pull the curtains . Excellent location within easy reach of food stalls , markets , transport. Would use it again .

i have been staying at Langham Place for three times in the last 12 months - and I really do love it. The standard Executive Rooms are really small , but I have been upgraded twice - last time to the President Suite ! - and I think this was a really generous gesture though I even felt lost with so much space for one person... .

two of us stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in early Octobor , 2005 ; supposedly , this is a weekend where a lot of people travel for special China holiday. Our executive room was on the 27th floor .

we stayed here one night. It was conveniently located , clean , and ready access to a mall. Only thing a little weird was the see-through bathroom. But a good choice and reasonably priced by Hong Kong Standards. Also , the restaurant buffet was outstanding .

i just finished spending eight nights at hotel with decidedly mixed reactions. The positives was a wonderful bed and towels and bath shower which were all excellent. The rooms are small. Breakfast and internet access is not included in very high rate. Worse , there was an odd , rot like smell in my first room and when I was moved to next one it was almost as bad .

good Hotel to start with , but was astonished when they could not accept my visa debit card and instead wanted a credit card.. ! ! Debit card means you have the money in bank and not taking a loan like credit card.. ! ! Had to keep a 1000 $ security deposit instead .

i booked the Langham Place based on reviews I had read in Tripadvisor. I am very fussy when it comes to hotels and they must be perfect. I am a hotel manager myself so I really know what I like in a hotel and I have to say the Langham was amazing and the price unbelivably cheap for what we got .

we stayed at the Langham Place from the 1st to 7th March 2006 and have read lots of the reviews before going and some since my return and offer our impression .

i stayed in langham last nov during my honeymoon and i super love the place ! i took the normal room and its just soo awesome ! everything in the room is just so nice ! from the super comfy bed to the nice furnishings , to the LCD telephone , to the touch-screen aircon adjuster to the cupboard to the awesome 42 inch plasma tv to the toilet ! oh the toilet is super cool ! the bathroom is ultra nice with transparent doors but there are blinds if you prefer a little privacy ; . the shower stuff are complete so you do n't have to worry .

having stayed six nights at the Langham Place there is a huge disconnect between my impressions of this property and the praises sung by some of the comments listed by others on this site. The hotel in my estimation is all style and no substance. In fact , it reminds me of a Hollywood set. Once you go beyond the surface , it becomes apparent that the hotel is very ordinary and average in many ways and not deserving of anything more than 3 to 4 stars. 5 stars â € ¦ impossible !

this hotel is a must do. It is so fabuously close to all attractions and , with the fantastic MTR station literally next door , you can be in Central Hong Kong in a matter of minutes .

stayed at the Langham Place Hotel in Mongkok during a vacation in Hong Kong. Langham Place is definitely among the best hotels I ever stayed with. Due to a stay of 6 nights we were upgraded to a suite on the 32nd floor , which was phenomenal. Audio speakers in the bathroom , 2 Plasma TVs with Home-Entertainment Systems , 2 very nice bathrooms etc. The only critic I can make is that a few times the house keeping staff was a bit inattentive ; during our 7 day stay we had on two occasions to repeatedly call the house keeping service and ask for the suite to made although we were out of the hotel the whole day and it was by then early evening hours .

very nice hotel attached to an awesome shopping mall. Also just 3 blocks to the Ladies Market street shopping area. There is a subway station inside the mall , so getting around to anyplace is very easy .

we booked this hotel because we got a great rate through BA when booking the flights .

our family of five stayed for 1 night during a Hong Kong stopover. We could n't fault the beautiful rooms , the very attentive staff and the location. Attached to an enormous shopping centre and 1 block away from a terrific tourist market we all agreed we wouldnt stay anywhere else .

my husband , 2 year old son and I just spent 5 days in Hong Kong from 21 to 25th of January .

i was there for a short 2 nights weekend break early November last year .

we managed to get a storming deal with BA Holidays after reading the rave reviews on this website. Everything about the hotel was excellent - from staff and service to location and furnishings. I have actively recommended this hotel to everyone I talk to and ca n't wait to return .

i would have to agree with all the positive things that were said in the previous reviews. My favorite part was the incredible smell. Everytime you walk into the lobby , the aroma just surrounds you. So , we had to ask the hotel how they do it. It turns out that they actually bottle it up and sell it. It 's called Ginger flower oil and I brought 5 bottles home. Now my own home also has the incredible smell and it reminds me of the wonderful time we had in Hong Kong everytime. And try to get a reservation at &quot ; Aqua&quot ; restaurant. Pricey , but the view is incredible .

i stayed at the Langham with a friend in November and it was a truly great experience. We had a twin executive room that had the most spectacular views. The rooms are well appointed and extremely comfortable. We received outstanding service during our 5 night stay , the staff at reception and particularly concierge provided excellent advice and were attentive and friendly. The hotel has the most amazing gym , pool and spa areas , I only wish we had more time to take advantage of these facilities. We did however manage to visit the lounge bar , one floor above reception , and enjoyed the happy hour 2 for 1 drinks and live music. The hotel is connected to a shopping complex and we found this convenient when we wanted a quick breakfast at Delifrance or Starbucks. Mongkok is an excellent location , it has the ladies market , great shopping , and good local restaurants. The MRT and KCR stations are a short walk from the hotel and the cheapest and easiest way to get around. I would recommend the Langham to anyone looking for value for money , location and service , it is a great hotel .

this hotel has it all : friendly service , stylish rooms , easy access to the rest of the city ; lots of shopping ; knowledgable concierge staff ; chic bar with live entertainment. The place is easy. Very friendly with no hassles .

i found Langham Place through Tripadvisor and the reviews do not lie ! ! ! This is a gorgeous hotel 5 stars . I had booked this hotel through directrooms.com so I got a pretty good deal for it. The rooms are gorgeous. There is a shower and a tub in the bathroom , a very plush and comfy King sized bed and a huge flatscreen TV. This hotel by far has a large hotel room especially by HK standards. The service is impeccable and the hotel staff is very friendly ! ! We also loved the perks there such as the free internet service and dvd rentals .

i stayed here for 2 nights last month for wedding anniversary. I agree with all the raves about this hotel. Excellent service and ambience , nice and trendy room , and great location. I 'm glad that I pick this location as I find the other part of Kowloon such as Tsim Tsa Hui a bit touristry for my taste and I find Mongkok to be excellent as I can get local eateries and night market within walking distance. My husband and I also love the rooftop swimming pool , the fitness and locker , and we loved the spa treatment as well though the spa price is not cheap , it 's similar than one in US . Definitely will stay here again if I visit Hong Kong again .

we have just spent 7 nights at this hotel. Rooms are not the biggest but apart from that the place is difficult to fault. We took two Executive rooms as we had our two kids with us. they loved the big Plasma screen and being able to watch it from the bath !

an excellent hotel in which it is difficult to find fault. The catering , room service , the adjancent Langham Place shopping centre , proximity to Mong Kok MTR station , where to start.... .

the Langham Club rooms are great value. Their lounge on the 36th floor is great for breakfast and afternoon tea .

my fiance and I stayed at the Langham Place for 3 nights in April this year en route to Australia. The hotel was only open 2 months when I discovered it so there were few reviews to go on at the time , but the whole concept of the integrated hotel , office building and a shopping centre with 300 + shops in an authentic area of Hong Kong sounded intriguing , so I wanted to experience first hand for myself. We got a great deal too at â ‚ ¬ 120 per room per night !

my wife and I stayed at the Langham in mid-October , 2005 , so that I could attend the Hong Kong Electronics Fair. Due to the influx of visitors caused by the show , many hotels were booked and had jacked up their prices. We were able to stay at the Langham for an average of $ 250 per night , including taxes , which is an unbelievable deal for a hotel of this class .

my husband and I stayed at the Langham Place in Mongkok 23 Sept for 4 nights. I was a bit hesitant at being in Mongkok but am now convinced it is the best place to stay. It is one small block down from Nathan Rd. The rooms are a touch small but that is usual for HK and was quite manageable. The staff were very friendly and helpful at all times. We were actually upgraded to a suite as our window started leaking water leftover from the heavy typhoon . If you would prefer not to pay for a full breakfast , try the Delifrance literally next door to the hotel , through the overhead pass. The breakfasts are cheap and the baguettes always amazing. For those Aussies , do n't forget to pack your vegemite !

we booked into langham place hotel for 8 days late june and what a hotel it is ! We were upgraded to the langham Place Club Lounge which gives you breakfast , afternoon tea , and canapes and cocktails in the evening , Our room was on the 35th floor with great views over the harbour and markets , The hotel is situated in the heart of mongkok which is very busy and vibrant , lots and lots of shops , it is aslo conected directly to the MTR via the shopping mall. The restaurant - Portal - offers excellent value for money there is so much of a choice at the buffet or if you prefer you can have a la carte menu , the desert section is to die for , warm running white and milk chocolate ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . We were certainly well looked after and the staff in the club lounge extremly helpful and pleasant at all times , you are able to borrow CD 's and DVD 's from there for your room. The room was spacious and the 42inch Plasma tv was wonderful , you are able to sit in the bath and watch tv , as ita all glass , there is a blind to pull down if required , absolutely fabulous. Were only 10 mins away from downtown kowloon by MTR , but were near all the famous markets eg flower , bird , ladies , temple st. We would have no hesitation to stay hear again and would highly recommend it to anyone. check out the pics .

my fiancee and I stayed at the Langham Place Hotel in the vibrant part of Hong Kong called Mongkok. We stayed at the end of June-beginning of July which is part of the low season in Hong Kong. The hotel is brand new and a more or less integrated part of a huge new shopping complex connected to it by an airbridge . The shopping mall itself is pretty cool with twisted walkpaths and very different than an average shopping mall. Mongkok is great ! I had been there once earlier but not for more than a few hours making it hard to notice anything else than how busy it was. This time I had more time and it really is a very exciting and alive place ! Lot 's of food and lots of shops , and lots and lots of people ! : A few famous markets here as well ! The temple street market is just outside the hotel - so is the Metro Subway so it 's very convenient !

