this is a fantastic hotel. The service was out of this world. I think I am difficult to please , but this hotel wowed me. It does n't have some of the facilities that a typical 5 star hotel has - e.g. restaurants , pool - but it more than makes up in many ways. It 's small and cozy , and the staff really get to know you. It started right at the airport when staff met us and accompanied us back to the hotel. They bent over backwards to accommodate our needs. I had 3 young children , and they somehow managed to squeeze 2 extra single beds and a cot in one room ! On the first night , a staff walked us to a restaurant nearby that we wanted to go to. When we finished dinner , we realised that the same staff from the hotel had walked back and left umbrellas at the restaurant as it had started raining while we were eating ! Staff members are always polite and obliging , and thinking actively of your needs. When you return after a long day 's journey they literally run to come out to help you with your work. Location is also superb in the bustling Causeway Bay. Rooms are trendy and tasteful , and rates are reasonable .

great location in Causeway Bay , out of the action but very much in it too .

lanson Place is a very good hotel. Hotel have nice location and service are excellent .

i 've just recently returned from a family trip to Hong Kong. We occupied 3 rooms as there were 5 adults and 2 young kids. The hotel is an elegant oasis set in a bustling neighbourhood. The location is great for food , and Jardine 's Bazaar is right around the corner. Rooms are large and relatively luxurious , with a well supplied kitchenette in each and every room. We loved coming back to our room everyday - the design and amenities are carefully thought out and the rooms spacious by most standards. The DVD library is a nice touch as well .

we stayed at the Lanson Plc for a total of 6 nights. We found the rooms just as comfortable and clean and the staff just as friendly and helpful as the first time we stayed here 3 yrs ago. The main reason we came back to this hotel was the location in Causeway Bay with easy access to the best HK has to offer : awesome food and shopping ! ! !

in late October and November my partner and I stayed in this hotel on our way to and from Australia as we had family to visit in the Hong Kong area. We were so impressed with our first stay that we were actually looking forward to staying there on our return trip home to Canada. We liked the location in Causeway Bay area but the hotel itself was the star as we found the staff wonderful , our room very comfortable , and the overall atmosphere of the hotel to be very supportive of the traveler whether there on business or leisure. Check in and out was as it should be efficient and pleasant and the fellows at the concierge desk were always very helpful with our comings and goings whether it was providing directions or hailing a cab for us , they seemed eager to please. And the continental breakfast was very good and provided in a very comfortable atmosphere. This hotel was the best value for money we experienced in a six week trip where every night was in a hotel 7 different ones and we will definitely stay here on our next trip to H.K .

was travelling from Shenzhen via Hong Kong and stayed a night here before flying off. Hotel is nice , nicer than most hotels I 've stayed in HongKong. Its clean and modern and well stocked. We had a welcome hamper , which was quite nice , florida 's natural juices and some biscuits. Room is well designed , with a TV in between to split bedroom and living room , which is quite nice , because my mother had a guest at night over and they were chatting away there without disturbing my sleep. Currently there is some contrsuction going on just outside the hotel and its terribly loud , but once you 're inside the hotel , you ca n't hear it. I would come back again !

my partner and three friends of ours stayed five nights - it was our third time at the Lanson Place and my friends ' first : they stayed at the LKF last time in HK and said there was no comparison - the LP wins hands down on all counts. For my partner and me it was so welcoming to arrive late at night after a long flight and the concierge not only recognised us from our last visit but greeted me by name. Wow. I honestly ca n't imagine ever wanting to stay anywhere else in Hong Kong .

we stayed here for three nights and ,as others have reported , we recommend it highly for beautifully appointed rooms , superb service throughout and a wonderful location in Causeway Bay with the excellent MTR giving easy and fast access to other parts of HK. We would certainly recommend staying on the Island rather than Kowloon . We booked a deluxe king and it was very large with views on two sides , 2 TVs , ipod player , plenty of storage space,lovely lounge area , free water,biscuits provided , bath robes etc etc. Although Lanson Place has many rooms it feels like a small personal boutique hotel. If we return to HK we would certainly return there .

stayed for a week at Lanson Place in early October .

lanson     will always be my favorite hotel in HK. Fantastic location , helpful staff and excellent room size. Will definitely stay here again .

we found this hotel on Tripadvisor and was very pleased with the stay. The room was large for Hong Kong standard , it 's new and loved the modern no fuss style of deco. The bathroom was nice and spacious. It 's in the major shopping area Causeway Bay so Times Square is only 10 minutes walk away but on the way there you walk pass like 200 other shops including the Causeway Baby Women 's Street on Jardine 's Bazzar ! Sogo is 5 minutes walk away. So are at least 5 other mall. This is the best valued hotel I know in HK .

wonderful hotel with wonderful service .

whilst I agreed with most of reviews that the hotel 's staffs and location was fantastic , i 've had 2 sleepless nights due to the poor acoustic of the hotel. We were constanly woken up throughout the night with people inserting their key cards for entries to their rooms and TV blaring from our neighbours ' room. Similar with most complaints , we requested for 2 additional pillows and had to make 2 calls to housekeeping .

outstanding staff , great location , beautiful public rooms , and excellent guest rooms. I 've stayed in several very good HK hotels , but I 'd give and edge to this place. I stayed in a low-end room , and it was just great. The bathroom is stylish with one of the best showers anywhere. The small kitchenette is handy. Very comfortable bed. Decent breakfast buffet in a beautiful setting. The staff is the best. There are lots of outstanding hotels in HK - this is clearly one of them .

one word to describe our stay there...WONDERFUL !

it 's hard to think of anything wrong with this hotel. The staff was great , the location is not bad and the room was great. The neighborhood is a little tricky to navigate , but with a map it 's not too difficult .

we travelled to Hong Kong as part of our honeymoon - we were going on to Koh Samui , but having been to Singapore &amp ; Bangkok the usual stop overs we decided to try Hong Kong , knowing the weather might be a bit dodgy. Of the 4 days we were there we had 1 day of sun and the heat was unbearable. Luckily most of the shops and buildings in Hong King are AC 'd to the max so it was a ligt relief to get out of the heat , the other days were generally wet and humid , meaning several of Hong Kongs attractions were out of bounds Victoria peak . On the day the sun did appear we headed to the base of Victoria Peak but even at the top the visibility was n't great .

we stayed at Lanson Place for 10 nights and were really pleased with the hotel. The rooms , although on the small side , are well put together - we appreciated the kitchenette with complimentary tea and coffee , free internet access , ironing board in the room , plentiful closet space and the rainhead shower. The hotel is extremely comfortable and the staff very helpful. There 's also a bar set in an area with a reasonable selection of interesting books , magazines and complimentary newspapers. We also appreciated both the extensive DVD library which was a nice touch for us as we were really jet-lagged , and the in-house laundrette really useful on a longer stay like ours . It 's in an interesting part of town , taxis are easy to hail on the street , shopping centres and a couple of good restaurants are a stone 's throw away , and there is a starbucks about 5 minutes walk away. All in , the hotel is extremely conveniently located , sensibly put together , comfortable , with friendly staff and is all in a solid , mid-range choice. We would happily stay here again and thought it was good value for money .

several months since our stay and we are still talking about how great this hotel is ! Walking into the lobby from the frenetic streets of Hong Kong , one is instantly immersed in calm and quiet. We were whisked up to the first floor reception by the concierge and given a few helpful options for rooms we reserved the least expensive , which they had set aside for us , but they also offered us a free upgrade - they only had smoking rooms available for the upgrade but kindly went in and 'neutralised ' the smoke odour for us . The service was impeccable throughout our entire stay. The room was perfect - small yes , but excellent use of space. Luxurious mattress and bedding , breathtaking views over the mountains , and the kitchenette came in very handy - allowed us to have healthy and inexpensive breakfasts in the room each morning. It 's in a great area as far as restaurants go , but they also have a delivery service from restaurants across the city if you feel like staying in one night. The location was perfect - easy and quick to access everything we wanted to see during our 6 day stay. Wish I could return soon !

we stayed for two nights with our children , who both loved the place and even pestered us to &quot ; go back to Lanson Place ! &quot ; while we were out shopping ! As other reviewers have mentioned , this place is amazing. The location of the hotel is great , just 10 minutes walking with kids to the MTR , closer than it looks on maps. Service is excellent. There are tons of restaurants on the streets outside , so you never have to go hungry. Too lazy to walk out ? The hotel has a list of food delivery service providers. Design-wise , the hotel is a visual feast. The only downside : the room could have been cleaner. I 'd still go back anyway .

lanson Place is a great place to stay in middle of Causeway Bay , within a stone 's throw from Jardine 's Bazaar , a street lined with small local restaurants , which provide convenient food for any meal of the day .

lanson Place Hotel is located in the thick of things in Causeway Bay in Hong Kong , but when you enter the hotel , all that is left behind. The hotel is quiet and peaceful. The library , up one floor from the concierge , has a selection of books and comfy chairs. The rooms are immaculate , with a great view , a very comfortable bed and a modern bathroom. The staff is very helpful and informative. There is also a very nice little work-out room. If you like a contemporary boutique hotel , you will love Lanson Place .

enjoyed a recent stay at the Lanson Place. This hotel definitely has a non-chain feel to it. The hotel is located about 3 blocks from the Causeway Bay MTR station and provides easy access to all parts of the city. Got upgraded to a moderately sized deluxe room with a sitting area and kitchenette. Highlights of the room were :

friendly and helpful staff. Very useful cooking facilities - 2 ring hob , toaster , microwave large fridge plates and cutlery .

a wonderful intimate , boutique hotel , perfect for visiting Hong Kong. Good location in Causeway Bay. Amazing personal service , any concerns , transport , even bag pick-up was arranged flawlessly. Very friendly staff made you feel welcome at all times. Good continental breakfast , but with a mini-kitchen in our room we had the choice of making our own. Small well designed rooms with work desk , living room , glass walled bathroom and bed. Stunning views. Staying here became a great part of our enjoyable visit .

the Lanson Place hotel is a great find. We were upgraded to a beautiful one suite. The suites are beautifully furnished with lovely views of the city and an adjoining stadium and hill. Great beds. A generous workspace and a sofa setting with a dvd player along with a kitchenette could well make you stay there as long as you want ! The breakfast though is disappointing. There is no restaurant as such but the lobby is very contemporary and a nice place to hang around. Its quiet and yet has a buzz. The location is great given a short walk to the subway , restaurants and shopping of CAuseway Bay .

stayed for 3 nights. The hotel is located just across the road from Regal Hong Kong where the airport shuttle stops so it is very convenient. We were in a Grand Luxe room which was very comfortable , modern and had a well thought layout. There was also a basket which contained 1 box of free local biscuits and free drinks 2 bottles of mineral water &amp ; 2 bottles of juice . The mineral water was replenished daily. Overall , it was a very pleasant stay. The only complain was that the single ash tray provided in the room was although stylish but ridiculously small. Perhaps more &amp ; bigger ash trays could be practical .

i stayed at Lason Place for around 4 nights and loved it becuase :

enjoyed the stay here very much. The room was spacious overlooking the park. A seperate area for sleeping with seperate television &amp ; air-conditioning. There was facilities for cooking , but I found the storage arangement rather strange. It was high up over the cooker. I do not think this would be allowed in the UK. My wife could not reach , but we found a stool in a cupboard. The glass fronted bathroom is , as everyone says , unusual. It is not just that one can see , but also every noise can be heard as well !

i am a Small Luxury Hotel card holder. This hotel is small but it does n't tick the luxury box. Maybe the lobby on the upper ground floor is epitome of luxury with its Murano chandeliers but that 's all about it. I chose to try this hotel based from the raving reviews I read here but disliked it the same way a few reviewer here described it .

lanson Place Hotel makes you feel at home with the service of a hotel on top , and here the service is fabulous . Thanks to an upgrade our room was spacious and on the 26th floor , offering a nice view over Causeway Bay. The glass bathroom may not be everybody 's cup of tea but apart from that the room was perfect good bed , generous storage space , WiFi , TVs , DVD players , kitchenette , desk , couch . Altoghether this hotel is much better than many five stars I have been in. We also liked the location which is inbetween luxury shopping and Jardine 's Bazaar and very close to the centre by MTR. Breakfast is only &quot ; light continental&quot ; but still quite nice. When back in Hong Kong , we will clearly chose the Lanson Place Hotel again .

this is the second time I have stayed in this hotel. It was again excellent : wonderful service , very good rooms , incredibly comfortable beds , very accommodating staff. The location is excellent , just three minutes on foot to Causeway Bay MTR. Just one gripe : breakfast is not complimentary any longer - it costs $ 100 plus 10 % tax . However , this is a small point and will not deter me from staying here again next time I am in Hong Kong. Very highly recommended !

lovely , spotless , albeit slightly small , room. Charming staff. Excellent breakfast. Suspect it is only 4 * because it lacks some facilities - those it offers are truly 5 * and the location 3 stops on the MRT from Central is probably what makes it so reasonable .

we stay in HK quite often and always look for somewhere a little different from before. The Lanson is a member of the SLH Group and once you make it to your room , you can tell it qualifies on size straight away. The staff however are very polite and helpful and the rooms whilst small are nicely decorated with a somewhat open approach to the bathrooms in that their separated from the living area by glass and not all that private. That being said , the hotel is a 10 min walk from Times Square and the metro , good value by HK standards and tastefully decorated with excellent staff - so if you looking for somewhere a little less frenetic than the larger hotels , this might be the place for you. One word of warning however - the soundproofing between rooms could do with beefing up as we were disturbed on our first night by fellow guest with little regard for those aorund them until we knocked on their door at 2.00am to get them to turn their TV down .

why ? The room size , amenities , location , quality , room rate... For a 4 star , this hotel easily beats many 5 star hotels , and I 've stayed at quite a few. While typically a business traveller , I was with my family of 5 and the staff were very accomodating .

ok it was in the shopping area ,it is very calm and quiet i liked the room where you have breakfast ,it had lovely books to read but hong kong is aplace where you have no time to read you want to get out and about ,,,,,,there is no BUZZ about the place nice rooms very pleasant staff also stayed in the intercontinental kowloon amazing ,,,and the four seasons on the island coming a close second but more of a business hotel,,,loved all of hong kong

my husband and I spent 6 nights at Lanson Place , and we both enjoyed the excellent service we received from the staff , in particular the Concierge. There was always a doorman to open the doors for us when we entered or left the hotel. Always friendly , always professional. As for the room , it was a reasonable size , for Hong Kong. Decor is contemporary and bright. I loved the iHome system which allowed us to listen to the Ipod as we relaxed. The in room wireless internet was great so I could catch up with all my emails on my iphone. For those without a mobile internet device , there was also a couple of computers for use in the Business Centre on the first floor , free of charge. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone stopping in Hong Kong .

lanson Place is a superb choice to stay in Hong Kong. The hotel is ideally located less than 5 minutes walk to the MRT/ Subway. The hotel facilities are top notch. The rooms are spacious , very comfortable , modern , well decorated. Bathrooms are nice as well. i was on the 26 floor and the view was amazing .

i stayed here for a week on my first trip to Hong Kong and am glad I did ! This was without a doubt the best service I 've ever experienced in any hotel. The rooms were well appointed and very clean ; great location only 5 minutes from the Causeway Bay MRT station and plenty of places to eat and shop ! ; free wifi and a simple pleasant breakfast every day topped off the stay .

this hotel is clean , atmosphere subdued in a good way , and above all the staff are very professional without being over-bearing. The suite was very large for HK standards , although the glass bathroom does lack a bit of privacy. Location is of course excellent near Causeway Bay , taxis and trams are not a problem entrance is on a quiet side street but taxi drivers have no problem finding it . Overall great value for money at this level of service .

i moved into the Lanson Place in the last minute after an unsatisfying stay from another hotel nearby .

we really loved that hotel. It is well located in Hong Kong , not too big , very casual and provide free internet access in the room and free breakfast. The staff is very nice and very helpful. Only minor thing , they do n't have a bed turndown which for a 4 stars hotel is surpirsing

my Aunt &amp ; I stayed at the Lanson Place Hotel , Hong Kong for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. The rooms were very generous in size and fit out. We booked two rooms together and got a great suite. The bathrooms were the best I have encountered anywhere. The hotel is convienently located on the Hong Kong side with a good variety of shops and restaurants within a 5 minute walk. Metro , ferry to Kowloon , train link to the airport and the business district are all very convienent .

we stayed at lanson place for 6 days and loved it. our room on the 26th floor was like an oasis of calm above the hectic city. amazing view from our room which was upgraded so we had a small suite , excellent staff , really great breakfast as free continental breakfasts go . free business center with PCs available for use anytime. nice lounge ; really liked the modern decor throughout the hotel. the bathroom , as others have mentioned , is a little strange and lacks privacy - very nice in design concept but somewhat impractical. lots of thoughtful touches , such as the in room DVD players and free library of DVDs. i 'd definitely stay there again .

i have just returned from a 3 night stay business triip in the Lanson Place Hotel. this is probably my fith or sixth visit in the last 2 years and each visit had been a pleasant experience for me .

it 's the best address for those keen to put up in the viscinity of Causeway Bay .

loved this hotel ! ! Being members of Small Luxury Hotels of the World we were upgraded to a large room with fantastic facilities. The small kichen is a bonus. Loved the views and decor as well. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Yes the bathroom is a little open but the shower was fantastic , big with great pressure. Very comfortable bed and pillow , although had to request a top sheet , small gripe though. Our room was opposite the lift , but we never heard a thing , other than people talking occasionaly. It is in a great location , close to the metro which is so easy to use. The gym is also excellent , well equiped etc. Breakfast was reasonable , with seating sometimes an issue and lots of noisy children when we were there. Would definetely return .

i have been visiting Hong Kong for several years both for business and leisure. I have found good hotels very expensive. Lanson PLace is a true gem that I would never have found had it not been for my many visits to Hong Kong .

we stayed at the Lanson Hotel on two seperate visits , one for three nights and the other for two .

booked via Hotel website- I decided to splash out for the last few days after saying at L'Hotel. A 400HK $ difference per night but what a difference in service and inclusions- Amazing breakfast included L hotel was 130 HK $ and terrible - smoked salmon and toasted bagels OMG.Service was fantastic , very helpful. DVD library was great and we watched a different film every night. complimentary wine also..what else ? A free upgrade to deluxe room. Great aesthetic design throughout members club feel -minimalist but classy .

the hotel itself is more like a upmarket serviced apartments .

hello,

very good choice in Hong Kong. Causeway Bay is a nice district on Hong Kong island. The hotel is very weel located within walking distance from MTR station and tons of shopping areas such as Times Square .

i 've stayed here for two days , at the beginning of August. The Lanson is in a hidden street in the Causeway Bay area , minutes walking from underground or nice shopping area .

my partner and I booked this hotel after the positive reviews received on Tripadvisor , and we were not dissapointed. It is more a serviced apartment than hotel , which I think suits a lot of travellers who do n't need all the bells and whistles of a hotel .

we stayed here for two nights whilst traveling on our honeymoon and got upgraded to a Kingbed Deluxe room. The location of the hotel is excellent for Causeway Bay yet still very quiet. We were on the 15th floor and the room was immaculately tidy and quiet. Admittedly it was n't the biggest room we had ever been to , but still large enough and with the separate bed room and lounge/kitchen area it felt larger. The bathroom was also very high-design , but please note the glass doors and walls so best to stay there with your better half rather than sharing with a friend.. .

i love this hotel. granted it has few of the whistle and bells such as a gym , pool or restaurants..but all of that is just right outside. Lanson Place is very lovely..the rooms are huge and sexy. some of them are smaller..but many are the size of an small one room apartment. The staff is excellent and the location is quiet and easy. I prefer the island to kowloon. the causeway bay metro is just a five minit walk away and there are lots of restaurants and shops down the street. give it a try. you wont be sorry .

i stayed in the most basic room for three nights in August. The room was in an excellent condition , housekeeping does a great job of making everything look good , a number of thoughtful features can be found and the service is warm , sincere and non-intrusive .

stayed for three days from July 31-Aug 2. This hotel makes you feel there are only ten guests in the property. You do n't run into bus-full of tourists in the lobby. Everywhere is quiet and relaxed- not uptight. Just chill out in Lounge 133 where you can plot your day 's itinerary. You would n't mind being stuck in the hotel the whole day either- unlike most 4 star HK hotels that are cramped and noisy .

had just returned from The Lanson Place , HK last week. Stayed there for a week as I had arranged for my training to be held there .

lanson Place has been a lovely quiet hotel to stay in during our first visit to Hong Kong. The staff are friendly , helpful and unobtrusive. It 's a quiet place to return to after busy days of shopping and sightseeing. It is so close to the MTR which makes travelling around Hong Kong so easy. Lanson Place seems to be used mostly by business travellers but we enjoyed our stay very much. The free wi-fi and the welcome pack are a bonus .

i can only confirm what others have written : great hotel !

stayed here for six nights in late June 2008. Others have suggested that hotel is difficult to find and this is partly true , as the entrance is on the side of the hotel on Irving Street rather than Leighton Road. I caught the airport express train from the airport and then the free minibus H2 and got off at the Regal Hotel. The Regal is right next door , about 1 minute walk along Leighton Road .

we stayed for two nights in March on a stopover on our way to Sydney. The hotel was recommended to us and more than lived up to our expectations. The staff were very friendly and helpful , the room was clean and modern with a small kitchen and sitting area. Breakfast was good. The hotel is well placed in the heart of Causeway Bay and the concierge gave some good recommendations for eating out. We were able to get a taxi from outside of the hotel if we wanted to get to another part of the city. An ideal place to stay if visiting Hong Kong for business or pleasure .

spent one night at Lanson Place in Causeway Bay , and thought it was great. The location is excellent , several minutes ' walk from the hustle and bustle of Causeway Bay , but not particularly noisy. It 's within easy walking distance of the Causeway Bay MTR as well .

accidently booked thru Expedia.. We were trying to find a new hotel after our first day at the L hotel... L , we found stood for lame.. b/c .. yeah , it was not a happenin ' place .

my partner and I stayed six nights in Lanson Place , and were most impressed by this boutique hotel .

this hotel is a member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World and , having stayed in others in this group and been impressed , we decided to try Lanson Place whilst in Hong Kong .

we stayed 3 nights in this modern boutique hotel that opened only two years ago. Upon arrival the numerous concierges and reception staff were readily available to assist us with the check-in procedures. We were offered an upgrade to a corner junior suite on the 16th floor that was very well appointed and spotless. Daily bottles of water and a small welcome basket were complimentary. A kitchenette is standard in their rooms .

i stayed here twice this month passing through HK on my way to/from Macau. On the way my flight was delayed and I had the hotel organise a car to pick me up at HK. That was great and not all that expensive as it saved me hanging around for up to an hour after my flight landed at 4am . Check-in was efficient. Reception on 1st floor so multiple elevator rides to get to room .

stayed for 5 nights with girlfriend in the Deluxe room .

i have to say that this hotel was amazing. It was the first time my boyfriend and I had travelled to Hong Kong , so I was unsure of which hotel to choose , as there were so many available. It was gamble , which paid off. We travelled to the hotel on our own and got lost , but they sent the concierge to find us outside the underground station. The hotel is located on a quiet street , but was a 2 minute walk to an underground station point and a busy shopping plaza. The whole hotel has a contemporary , but luxurious feel without being intimidating. Our room was surprisingly spacious , considering how much space is a premium in Hong Kong. My boyfriend is 6ft ! ! . Our room was very clean and wonderful to be in and the air conditioning was a blessing too. The staff were courteous , friendly and helpful , most speaking excellent English. I would highly recommend this hotel as it is a true gem , and for what we paid in hotel fees , was a bargain too. We were lucky to find something like this as a first choice , and I am loathe to share this secret , but it would be unfair to keep this place to myself. The Lanson Place added to what was a fantastic trip , and to top things off I accepted my boyfriend 's marriage proposal. A truly memorable holiday. Nicci Lawrence , West Yorkshire

this is a nice enough hotel and I will start with the positives. Great location on HK Island , very quick in cab/MTR/tram to Central. The hotel also operates a shuttle to Central at 8.30am each weekday morning. Nice small gym with very modern equipment. Clean bathroom and linen and very friendly staff. The room was quiet , although in one of the busiest areas of HK island and we were only on the 11th floor .

we stayed at the Lanson Place hotel for 4 nights in December 2007. The rooms were well equipped , clean and in a contemporary style - the bathrooms in particular were very nice and the room sizes were not too bad for HK. We found the service in the hotel to be good in general. Breakfast in the morning is perfectly acceptable but you would not call the selection of food especially extensive. The hotel is well located in Causeway Bay good for shopping and is about a 5 minute walk from the local subway station. I would recommend the hotel and would not hesitiate to stay next time I am in HK .

i stayed at the Lanson Place on business for 3 days at the start of March. I 've been to Hong Kong several times , but usually stay at the Excelsior and the Conrad - both very nice .

small hotel , service apartment actually as modest kitchen facilities are provided. Good location in Causeway Bay , convenient to the shopping area .

i am the member of the small luxury hotel and always find hotels from their website when I am on leisure travel .

we stayed in a number of hotels in various countries on this visit and this was the only one that rated above average or excellent .

just return from Hong Kong. Spent 4 nights at Lanson Place and now can confirm previous tripadvisor members recommendation .

i booked this hotel through its own website. The price turned out to be incredibly low considering its quality , and we were also upgraded to the better room. The hotel location was excellent , close to everything from shopping centers like Time Square to local shops and restaurants. It was also in a walking distance to Causeway Bay MTR station. The best thing about this hotel apart from the nice , clean and equipped rooms that will make you feel like a king , was its concierge. They were the best concierge I have ever met ! , full of service mind. They gave lots of superb advices on local restaurants that could hardly be accessible for tourists and also did a booking for us. I 'll definitely stay at Lanson Place again .

we arrived very late and the only room left was a smoking room , but abject apologies from Tifanny and an assurance of a room change the following day avoided any problems .

location of the hotel is perfect. I actually did n't have a problem with taxi drivers - tell them 133 Leighton Road chinese name of hotel is &quot ; Lan Sum&quot ; hotel , also tell them it 's just across from St. Paul 's Convent School , and they will know .

for this trip we wanted to stay in Causeway Bay for easier dining and shopping options. We have contacted Lanson Place a previous two times but was always met with radio silence. This time however we tried again on the off-chance before we confirmed our reservation with the Fleming and received an immediate response. They offered a very competitive rate so we settled on the Lanson instead as the location was what we were after. In fact all subsquent contact and date changes there were numerous were dealt with quickly and efficiently , so thumbs up for the massive improvement in communication .

i 'm an avid fan of the tripadvisor.com and this is my first post. I 've always wanted to post but never got around to it. However , this time I am compelled to write about this fantastic hotel in Hong Kong .

this is the second time that we are staying at Lanson Place , Hong Kong. We loved its location in Causeway Bay-a stone 's throw from the Causeway Bay MTR , great food outlets at Jardine 's Bazaar , good shopping at Times Square. The room is big for HK standards and there is a small kitchenette if you need to heat up food in the microwave or cook a meal. This time , our room was in an L-shaped configuration. The bedroom was a little tight but the living and study space was slightly bigger. The furnishings and fittings are still in good condition .

my first impression could not have been better - when arriving at the hotel at 9am after a long-haul flight from Australia , I was not only given a room straight away , but was also upgraded one category and invited to have breakfast right away .

we 've been traveling to Hong Kong twice a year for the past few years , and each time we 've stayed at a different hotel. All were nice , but none have compared with the Lanson Place for location , service , and quality of accommodations. From the moment that Cecilia checked us in , we felt completely at home. The assistant manager was an absolute delight , as was Andrew , the concierge who always seemed to know the right place to recommend for dinner. There 's a number of very good restaurants nearby , and a movie theatre. Plus , it 's not a long walk to either the metro or the Time Square shopping center , and only a short cab ride to the HK convention center. Unfortunately they do n't have a restaurant , but they serve an excellent continental breakfast included in the price , and there 's a jazz duo that performs on weekends. On Sunday , after trying unsuccessfully to find a nearby protestant church service in English , we discovered that the Catholic church across the street offered a service at 11am that was completely in English. We decided to give it a try , and It was wonderful. This hotel is a gem. We recommend it highly , and will visit again soon. Lori and Barry , St. Petersburg , Florida

we stayed at the Lanson Plc 2 nights &amp ; moved on to Disneyland Hotel after that. We booked the LP , after reading nice reviews , but we had a different experience. When we checked into the hotel , there was a power trip , but it took a while before the problem was identified &amp ; solved. We put in a request for 2 additional pillows during booking ; we did n't get them. I had to make 2 calls to housekeeping , &amp ; it occurred to me they prob ran out of pillows , as the 2nd pillow was in fact a cushion in a pillow case ! We did n't mind the continental breakfast but it was uncomfortable eating from the sofas in the lounge lobby. Yes , hotel is clean &amp ; modern in design &amp ; staff are polite. But it lacked warmth &amp ; was clinical in the atmosphere. I tend to agree with one of the earlier reviewers over the functionality of the kitchen area and the lack of a bath tub - it really hit us hard when we realised there is n't any. Design of the room is awkward , &amp ; not great when you have young kids. There seems to be a lot of storage. With the kitchen &amp ; storage , the bedroom area is tiny. I would prob think this hotel works for the business travellers ; its got a nice biz cte. We were very much disapppointed ; fortunately we had a more relaxing &amp ; enjoyable time at the Disneyland Hotel pls see separate review .

this place is a wonderful home in Hong Kong. We liked everyting about it ! !

lanson Place is a calm oasis , something I appreciate given Hong Kong 's frenetic intensity .

revisiting Hong Kong after many years we wanted to ensure that we got a decent place to stay at a reasonable rate. We booked directly with the hotel and were pleased with the price of approx. Â £ 120 a night. The hotel is tucked away near to the HK Regal. What we got was a wonderful room beautifully apportioned with a small lounge , kitchen , large bed and a shower room with wc. The main impression was of glass and , once you had got used to the fact that the toilet was also surrounded by glass albeit shaded glass at the bottom it became second nature. They have made great use of limited space with the flat screen TV in the centre of the room , swinging on a pivot so that it can be seen either in the lounge or from the bed .

this hotel is a gem. Our experience is consistent with most other reviewers. But there are a few things I 'd like to add .

to say the Lanson Place exceeded the expectations of my partner and myself is a major understatement. Fabulous room and a very good size - more like a mini-suite , great design touches LOVED the mirror-framed swivelling LCD TV , and the crazy red laquered corrugated bathroom doors off the bar area , plus a long list of thoughtful extras like free replenishment of bottled spring water every day in your room - everywhere else I 've stayed they charge outrageously for it. And as for the location... Causeway Bay is one of THE great shopping destinations on the planet , and the Lanson Place is right there in the middle of it - everything you want is within an easy walk. We had 7 nights and could have stayed for another 7 very easily if we 'd had the time. Our only problem with the Lanson Place is that with all these great reviews , it 's soon going to be impossible to get a room there !

just come back from a 6 night stay at the Lanson Place , great location , very nice rooms a very enjoyable stay. I booked the Lanson place based on the reviews I 've read on tripadvisor and I was not dissapointed. Read the reviews ! ! !

we stayed for 3 nights and paid around HKD $ 2000 a night .

i stayed at the Lanson Place Hotel in Causeway Bay for two nights in late Sept 2007 for business. I had to go to HK on two days notice and picked this hotel after reading all the favourable reviews on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed .

after looking through the reviews and sample pics here , I decided to book us at this place for a romantic weekend in HK. The booking experience was pleasant through the website and got the best rate I could find - cheaper than asiarooms.com and asiatravel.com. You will get an answer to your query within 4 hours , no matter what time you send it. We got a free upgrade too when we got there !

travelling often to HK , I have tried many luxury/business hotels and the Lanson Place is the one I prefer , with the more personality. I stayed there 3 times and I felt like at home at first sight :

my husband and I have just moved to Guangzhou , China recently for work and have been hoping to find a nice hotel that we can feel comfortable and &quot ; at home&quot ; in when we visit HK. Much to my surprise , after reading the reviews on the website , I decided to give Lanson Place a try and immediately knew that we had found our sanctuary. Right in the heart of the busiest area of HK , we found a tranquil , relaxing and soothing environment that enveloped us in luxury and comfort. The rooms are a very good size , the staff are efficient and polite , and the gym is more than adequate. What is totally unexpected

i was on a business trip and it happened to be a convention season , which meant all 4-stars + hotels were well overpriced above the limit that I was allowed to spend .

we stayed in Lanson Place for five nights in June 07. The hotel was excellent. It had everything you expect for a boutique hotel ; the service was great and the rooms very spacious we were expecting a really small room , which is considered the norm in HK . We had a corner room which gave us more space as the bed and the sitting area were totally separate and the bathroom is very modern and is equipped with everything you would need .

this is a very good boutique style hotel. The staff are very very good. It is a good location for the trip to Stanley by bus a must do It is also close to the MTR and you can walk to ferry. It is quiet for sleeping , which in HK is important. Buffet breakfast does not include cooked food such as eggs. I found myself down towards Central and Soho a fair bit , so next time may stay down that way but overall a really great hotel .

i enjoyed staying at Lanson Place. The room was spacious over 400 sq feet with modern decor. It has everything I need , fully equipped kitchenette , safe , iron , ironing board , plasma TV and plenty of storage to hang the clothes. I also received a nice complimentary welcome basket containing food , snack , and drinks .

we are just back from Hong Kong , after one week 's visit. We have been in many hotels , usually not many times in same one. But I feel that this time we enjoyed our stay so much that there is no doubt we will book Lanson Place also next January. Our room was very nicely decorated and comfortable , all staff very friendly , breakfast was very good , just the things I would choose even from bigger assortment. We were upgraded to bigger room because our room was not ready when we arrived. We liked the kitchenette because you actually could stay in hotel some evenings and have some snacks there , the room was so nice. Iron and ironing board were great , gym good enough and there was nice lounge with lots of books and magazines. MTR is near so it is easy to go around. I ca n't complain about anything !

i have recently June 2007 had the good fortune to run a training course in this hotel and being a guest at the same time .

booked to stay at the Lanson Place Hotel purely from reviews on this website , and was not disappointed. My stay was 7 nights in late May. Perfect location for a visit to HK , everything you could possibly need is in walking distance MTR , shops , restaurants , etc . Hotel was in great condition relatively new , the staff were fantastic and knowledgeable , &amp ; the service was second to none. I was travelling on my own , and they made me feel very welcome ! ! Will definately stay here again , and will reccommend to others ! !

what can I say ! Everything about this hotel was excellent. Great rooms , clean and spacious with every convienence. Small kitchenette , iron , ironing board , ac adaptors , free internet and the most comfortable beds we had slept in on our entire holiday. Added touches such as free juices , biscuits , and bottle water in room made all the difference .

just back from a 3 night stay at the Lanson Place. For the price , this hotel is a real bargain considering the standard of the room and the fact that you are in a reasonably good location .

we recently stayed at the Lanson for 4 nights. Overall our stay was fantastic. The rooms are not huge , but after staying in many Hong Kong hotels - they are rarely huge. The rooms are well appointed , and it is a big plus to have the kitchenette. The staff is quick &amp ; polite. The concierege service was great for purchasing train tickets etc. Based on stays at other hotels Langham Place , South Pacific , Nikko etc. , the Lanson was great value for the money. We are not huge breakfast eaters , but the breakfast offered a fair selection &amp ; the food was fresh and plentiful. This hotel does not have a restaurant , which is a bit of an issue when you are tired &amp ; craving room service. Other then that we would definetely recommend the Lanson .

nice hotel in a neighborhood somewhat different from Central. Rooms are nice , not big though. Have been hugely disappointed by the breakfast , which is a shame. No bread , only toasts without any toaster , bad american coffee and a muesli that tasted like porridge. Pastries are soft and tasteless. Being a huge breakfast fan , it killed our morning. Otherwise , friendly staff and close to the MRT. Free business center is a plus .

ah the Lanson Place Hotel ; finally there is an affordable and comfortable island of cool in HK. We too are torn as to whether to publicise this wonderful oasis , but had it not been for this website , we may not have found it in the first place .

this was our first visit to HK and we chose to stay 5 nights at the Lanson Place based on Tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed at all ; the hotel is beautifully appointed in a minimalist way , the service was excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. I think they have modified the bathrooms as our glass wall had been sandblasted for privacy. The room was not huge but the layout was very intelligent and made the room seem spacious and efficient. Having a mini kitchen fully stocked w/utensils was a bonus. I suppose that makes up for the unfortunate lack of room service/restaurant on premises. But the buffet breakfast was very good even though the selection was exactly the same everyday. There were mostly business travellers there. The surrounding neighborhood was a little funky but certainly convenient to everything. We received an excellent rate directly from the hotel and it was a true value !

i stayed at the Lanson Place this week , it was only one night but I have to say I was impressed. Your first impression is that of restraint and clam as you enter , quite the opposite to the assault on the senses HK can often be .

after reading about this hotel in Cathay Pacific 's inflight magazine and an Asian travel magazine , I decided to check out the hotel 's website. The pictures and amenities listed were enough to convince me to try the place. I also read the good reviews here at tripadvisor.com

being a dedicated fan of Small Luxury Hotels Group , I did not have any doubt trying out the Lanson Place during my christmas vacation. The promotional rates on the hotel site were good value for money and it should be booked through internet only. Upon arrival , everything seemed up to standard , the atmosphere , the lobby , the recpetionists and although there were a few other people checking in at the same time , the process was done within 3 minutes .

i stay in hong kong about 5 times a year and usually never stay in the same place twice .

i essentially had 20 mins to book a flight and a hotel in Hong Kong...checked the reviews on tripadvisor , and thought that this hotel would be just OK .

thanks to all the reviews and comments on tripadvisor which made me pick this hotel last week for a trip my husband and I went for our anniversary day. It was just GREAT , perfect location , spacious room with awesome view , and very professional staff. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to anyone coming to HK. Will definitely return ourselves .

