largos hotel is located ideally near the Exit B2 of Jordan MTR , it makes travelling by MTR extremely easy for first-timers here in HK. Anyway , outside of the hotel entrance , there 's 2 cafes just across the street , which makes life easier for those travellers who 'd prefer to try local food , rather than hotel food .

its affordable and located at the heart of Kowloon .

it 's not worth spending lots of money to stay in a Hong Kong hotel when you 'll be out shopping or dining the whole day anyway .

my second hotel in Hong Kong. We stayed there 2 nights but we think normal one .

because my girlfriend and i were on a tight budget , we had filtered out Largos Hotel as one of our top 3 list of hotels that were in our price range. We were n't expecting much from a hotel which we thought the price for 5 nights was a steal , but to our surprise it was indeed above our expectations. When we first arrived , we were comforted by how clean it looked , with its posh exterior looking kind of like a boutique hotel. The staff were polite and being able to speak English was a plus for us. When we had arrived at our rooms , we 're quite pleased that everything was clean , especially the toilet , because my girlfriend and i are quite abit of clean freaks when it comes to toilets. I must say that the room was small but cosy with nice adjustable lighting.They had the basic amenities like hot water boiler , blow dryer , television , coffee and tea and tourism magazines. The air-conditioning was too cold for us even though it was on the highest temperature so we turned that off. Something that i must say as well are that the chamber maids were super troopers , diligently arriving at the same time everyday to clean our rooms and quite eager at times and they do a good job .

the place all in all was ok , except its a bit far from the shopping area , near temple st. tho. The room was very very small , and the bath room , could barely fit 1 person , incredibly small room ! ! !

i would highly recommend this hotel especially if your on a tight budget. The Staffs are very accomodating and friendly. For couples like us the room was just right . the Bathroom was clean with strong water,shower hot/cold , bathtub,.Airconditioning is okay. Theres a mini ref,blowdyer,Kettle,TV pay movie no other channels I think the hotel is a non smoking hotel , becausse my husband requested for a smoking room and our request was not granted.No big deal anyway. The hotel is near 7eleven and Jordan Mtr stations. and also 3 blocks away from Temple Street night market. the place is very convenient. believe me ! I 'll surely go back to Largos Hotel .

stayed for 4 nights at the largos Hotel in Jordan , I found the location to be very convenient , less than a one minute walk from both the Jordan Metro station exit B2 and the CityFlyer A22 Airport bus stop. Nathan Road is just 100m away so great for shopping and just getting about. The reception are is well staffed and check-in is prompt an courteous. The rooms however are quite small , so if you are travelling with a large suitcase or two you will need to climb over them to get around your room. Wireless internet is available throughout the hotel , but the reception in the room was quite spotty. A room safe would be an nice addition as well as more English channels on the tv. Ok stay for a night or two but you feel you need a little more space in your room or if you are staying longer better to get a larger room elsewhere .

we always come here for short trips to Hong Kong. It 's a small , but comfortable hotel located very near the Jordan MTR. If you want a good value , well located place and do n't expect a fancy breakfast , this is the place to stay .

largos has a very good location near to MTR station. Rooms are very small , but clean. Staff is friendly and we spent great time there. I can recommend .

the hotel location quite strategic. Temple Street , Nathan Street and Jordan MTR station are just nearby the hotel. Located at Naning Street , just a stone throw distance from the bus stop where you alighted from Hong Kong International Airport. However the room space is quite small and a little bit expensive. Overall I will considered this hotel as good for budget or backpack trip .

we stayed here for four nights the hotels spotlessly clean even the carpets in the hallways , the rooms are on the small side well decorated and perfectly fine and not as small as some make them out to be , bathrooms have amazing showers , however the tv only shows Chinese apart from one rather poor English channel with the option of pay movie channels not that important but it 's nice to have when you wake up in the morning and make a cup of coffee by the way they only have Chinese tea supplied so have a trip to the 7-11 across the road the internet wifi is expensive at 120 dollars per day when most hotels supply free of charge .

we stayed three nights at the Largos Hotel. It was spotlessly clean , staff helpful and friendly. The room was very small like most hotels in Hong Kong. Very quiet despite building work next door. Shower fantastic ! Bar fridge , kettle and hairdryer supplied. Beds firm but not too hard , pillows good. Breakfast adequate but not great. Internet connection weak - used an unsecured connection that came up instead ! : Location perfect for night markets and MTR train station and express bus to the airport. 7 Eleven opposite very handy for milk for our tea in the morning and bottles of water. Overall I 'd recommend this hotel as good value for the money. We paid AUD $ 248 for 3 nights with one breakfast included each day .

stayed here for 7 nights , room cleaned daily spotless , staff very friendly , good value for money , room was not large

when you read all the reveiws of this hotel everyone comments on the size of the room well I work in R/Estate and I have sold houses with bigger E/Suites than our entire room it was so small we could only open the bar fridge halfway before it hit the bed , having said that the room was very tasteful it had a comfy bed GREAT pillows and a terrific location , not to mention the nice touch of having a window from the bathroom/Toilet into the room just wonderful for the bashful types , a sit in peace if you do n't mind,if you are not planning to spend a lot of time in your room this hotel is great value for money it is very close to Nathen Rd and the Temple St night markets .

this hotel seems to have been recently renovated .

largos is a GEM. Brilliant location , just off the main Nathan road which runs all the way down to the harbour , but somehow amazingly quiet , couldnt hear any noise/traffic as soon as we stepped into the hotel. The most efficient maids , cleaned the sheets and new towels every morning. The internet provided is a tad expensive at $ 30 per 10mins ! so we used the free internet in pacific coffee which is everywhere ! But we were both really impressed :

this hotel of simplicity and elegance is perfect for minimalists. Not for you if you like to live in a mall. I got an Octopuss card at Terminal 1 , followed the signs to the bus depot. A21 got me to a stop on Nathan Road near the Nathan Hotel. Later I discovered that A22 with a stop on Jordan Road was even closer ; I took the A22 on my return to the airport. The staff was quick and helpful without much ado. I arrived very early , but there was a room available , so they went ahead and checked me in. That was incredibly wonderful after a long flight ! ! The single room was small , but 6 of my friends and I managed to chat into the night sitting on the full-size bed or on the floor. It was fabulous to wander to any direction from the hotel ; another big perk was the fantastic bookstore nearby. I never did take the metro , because it was just a good stroll to get to Tsim Sha Tsui area. Up and down Nathan Road , or cross over to and from Temple Street , when I got tired , I turned into the little Nanking Street , and there at the end is a place of serenity .

before I went there , I 've already read some review from this website , so I wo n't have any surprises. However , I still shocked when I saw the room. It 's really small , especially the bathroom. But I think that is the only problem , cause the staff are great , location is superb , and I did n't spend much time in the room anyway , so eventually the small room was not a problem anymore .

stayed there twice and both was as a single occupant. Although the rooms are small , but it has everything a tourist needs and the hotel staff is very willing to accomdate any requests. Kudos to the hotel !

stayed 4 nights at Largos during my holidays in Hong Kong just last week Aug 2008 . My friend and I had a fantastic stay. We were greeted with polite reception , who tried their best to meet our room preferences. Upon arrival , my friend 's luggage 's passcode lock was faulty and refused to open. Desperate , we went down to the front desk to borrow a plier or screwdriver we could break the lock with. Instead , they offered to send a handyman to help us open the bag. He opened the lock within minutes .

my husband and I stayed here in April for 2 nights on the way to Europe and in June for 2 nights on the way home. Booking it through Agoda on the Net , we paid $ A126 per night in April and around $ A92 in June per night. Judging by other hotel prices in Hong Kong , although as others have commented that the rooms are small , we have stayed in smaller in Europe. The staff were courteous , helpful and the hotel was clean and comfortable. The buffet breakfast was only $ HK55 almost $ A8 each and the transfer from the airport to hotel was reasonable although it was cheaper from hotel to airport with the same company , strangely enough. If you want to stay in an area typically Chinese more like the old China , then this area of Jordan is that. The MTR is just around the corner although make sure you ask the hotel for a map with directions on as we got lost taking the wrong exit at first. If you want some good quality and reasonably priced shops , rather than the touristy areas , catch the MTR two stops to Mong Kok where the locals shop. We found a multi-level shopping plaza where we did most of our shopping , called Langham Plaza with great specialist shops as well and great coffee shops .

before leaving for HK i was searching for a review regarding Largos Hotel , as i do n't want to encounter another surprise like when we stayed at Wing Sing Hotel last Oct. 2007 but that 's another story , luckily i found your site , so no more surprises this time for me as i know what to expect with regards to size of the rooms and the ameneties of the hotel. Me , my wife and our 11 yr old son stayed for 3 nights we were out shopping during the day , our room was small but it was clean and the beds were comfortable for a budget hotel. As most hotels do , they require a HK $ 300 deposit refundable upon check out. The surprise came when we were about to check out and refund our deposit , the hotel clerk told me that they are going to deduct HK $ 114 for a 19 min IDD call , the problem is , i did n't use IDD in calling my friend 's landline who lives in Kowloon and the call lasted for a mere 5mins as i was logging my own call , but i did n't argue with him anymore. So our deposit was down to HK $ 186 , when we are going to refund our remaining deposit , the hotel clerk told us that they are going to charge us another HK $ 100 for a stain on their bed linen , we did n't let it pass this time , so my wife accompanied by one of their clerk went back to our room to check the problem , turns out to be a small tea stain , my wife decided to clean the stain herself. Imagine , charging you HK $ 100 for a little stain wc can easily be cleaned by soap and water ! HK $ 300 wo n't seem much for someone else but remember , you can eat 3 meals at Cafe de Coral , buy a nice dress at Giordano or Bossini or buy another Nike or New Balance shoes at Fa Yuen ST. in Mongkok with that same amount but that 's another story .

my wife , daughter and I stayed in Largos Hotel for 4 Days and 3 Nights and the hotel is fine for us. Though the room is small but its Hongkong so it 's very understandable but it 's clean and the bathroom is spotless. We avail the buffet breakfast inside the hotel once but we do n't like the service at Largos Cafe because of there waiter. But overall the hotel is fine and in perfect location , Near Jordan Station and Nathan Road. But do n't avail their buffet breakfast and besides the food is very basic , nothing special .

i chose this hotel is because strategic &amp ; convenient hotel to stay in HK &amp ; spend my holiday well. Unfortunately I spoil my holidays because those lady staffs especially lady supervisor from reservation department. I was staying in this hotel for 7days , the room is extremely small , I never ever see such a small hotel room. The carpet very dirty with dust and the cabinet/furniture are old. The front desk staffs were rude &amp ; unfriendly. I regret to stay in this hotel and they spoiled my holidays in Hong Kong .

i was aware that I was not going to a great hotel. Having said that , I will go back again because of the location and the price .

rooms are small , just enough space to walk around. Perfectly fine for 2 persons. Toilets are small as well , but once again , just enough for you to do everything you need in a toilet. Room and toilet is really clean and cosy. Pefectly fine when you are on budget and want a location near to MTR. a 7 eleven like store 2 mins away as well together with a bread store where you can get breakfast. Breakfast is not provided , but in Hongkong i dont think most budget hotel provide breakfast. Lift is pretty small as well , but enough for luggages and 3-4 people. Extremely close to Jordon MTR station. 2 minutes is the duration. Great place to stay when on budget .

we stay for 3 nights at this hotel. booked a double room , indeed it was small but clean. the room was still cold even i has switched off the air-con .

other than the excellent location near to Jordan MTR Station and Nathan Road , there is little to recommend about this hotel .

my boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights. The location is very convenient because it is very near the MTR station Jordan Station as well as the most famous Nathan Road wherein many shops , restaurants and stalls are located .

i have spent 5D4N in Hong Kong last June with friends and stay in Mayfair. The Hotel is located is very conveniently near to the Nathan MTR and surrounded with shops , restaurants , cafes and etc. The temple street night market is just within a short walking distance .

the Mayfair Garden is just a stone 's throw from Nathan Road and a beehive of shops and restaurants. The room , however , is the size of the average home bathroom. The Bathroom is the size of the average home WC , lacking a closing door for privacy - a sliding one is the only protection from prying eyes .

