room was fine. all was good. arrived at 10.45 pm to check in. so no restaurant open. the porter told me if any food , call room service. i connected to the internet. 65 hkd an hour in a 1000 hkd a night hotel ? ? ? ? they call this a cyber hotel to charge for wired and wireless internet in the room. sound a bit odd to me. I ordered the burger as menu had nothing significant else on it as it was after 11 pm to order. ordered san pelligrino and fresh grapefruit juice. eat it. pickles were off. greasy bun. bad thick overcooked fries. not good at all but hungry as hell so no choice. bill came to 360 hkd. a lot of money i think for this. that is like 46 us dollar .

first time reviewer on TripAdvisor and avid globehopper around the world and having just came back from a trip to HK , one of the more memorable/relaxing stays was at the Cyberport. I stayed there one night only with my parents on Nov. 26 having booked two rooms. Although am a SPG Platinum member , I arrived at the hotel with no expectations having never stayed there nor heard much opinion about this place aside from it being remote .

we stayed at the Le Meridien Cyberport for a night on a layover going to Vietnam. We checked in around 7pm and the staff had upgraded us to an ocean view room on the SPG floor. Our room was comfortable and very clean. We also appreciated the free internet available in the lobby. We hung out at the pool for a little bit the following day and they staff was very nice. We also had lunch at Prompt and really enjoyed the buffet. The set menu for 68 HK was an incredible value as well. Along with the well chosen international beers they have on the menu , we had a spectacular lunch. We also had dinner at Umami in the outside patio. Great sushi rolls and the martini cocktails were delicious. Overall we had an awesome stay at the Le Meridien Cyberport and will definitely be returning .

my wife , mother-in-law and myself stayed at Hong Kong â € ™ s Le Meridien Cyberport for 6 days and 5 nights on our first stop in Southeast Asia in September of 2007. We used Starwood Points for the entire stay and we received the 5th night free as well. Due to our gold status , we were on the high SPG floors with unobstructed full views of the South China Sea. We received an additional twin size roll bed at no extra cost and complimentary breakfast for 2 people. I give this place two thumbs way up for many reasons and I would definitely stay here again. I myself am a modern and contemporary freak , and for me to be impressed with Le Meridien , all I can say is keep your Ritz Carlton , Marriot â € ™ s and Hiltons ; this is much better. The space is so minimalist , clean and relaxing. The bathroom is almost a haven with the rain showerhead and the tub ready to use with your complimentary Hermes products. The 42 inch plasma in the room sure does make you want to relax in the pima cotton bedding as well , not to mention enjoying a cold drink while pleasuring the view. Floors are mostly hardwood with a little bit of carpet. Room service food was not all that great , would avoid it. The entire hotel is very well kept , no detail is left unnoticed , including how you notify the cleaning staff that you want your room cleaned. The pool area is unique , not big , but nobody was there when I went , seems to be in a shady area though. Overall the hotel is very quiet and so are the surroundings. The breakfast buffet is actually really , really good , I was impressed with it. Although the price of it was approximately $ 25US per person , a little on the pricey side , there â € ™ s nothing else really around for you to eat , so take advantage of it. As for the staff , you have to understand that it â € ™ s a different culture and they don â € ™ t always cater to the Western Hemisphere ways , so don â € ™ t take offense. For example , my wife and I checked in , my wife did most of the talking but when questions were asked , they were directed toward me. I advised my wife that its not normal for a female in this part of the world to take control when the male figure is there ; it is what is. So in saying that , I wouldn â € ™ t categorize the staff rude , although they are very soft spoken and hard to hear at times. The staff at the restaurant is superb , great people , even the cooks/chefs. The hotel also has several bars/restaurants. We went for the happy hour and that was good , there is free internet access in the bar area. Apparently there is a bar/restaurant on the 1st floor that people from other places come to and it gets packed on the weekends , very hip crowd. The hotel is right across a nice modern mall which unfortunately is not being used to its full potential. There is a food court area where we ate a few times in the evening , very affordable and good. Next door is also a little grocery store so you can stock up on water , alcohol and treats. There â € ™ s also a pastry shop with good deli and cooked food. The only disadvantage to the Le Meridien is the location , but then again , is it really a disadvantage ? With all the hustle and bustle of Central &amp ; Kowloon , loud and congested streets and not to mention the pollution , Cyberport is about 15 minutes away from all of that , which makes it very enjoyable and relaxing at night. Taxi/Cab is about 60HKD each way , so make sure you take that into consideration when touring around or booking the room. You can catch the bus in front of the hotel , but it doesn â € ™ t take you to Central , just to Kennedy Town and then you have to catch another bus that will go from one end of the island to another. It â € ™ s fun the first time or on the way to Central , but on the way back is not as easy and after a while you â € ™ re ready to just get to your room , so you end up getting a cab anyway. Again , I just want to emphasize that my family and I were very impressed and would stay here next time we come to Hong Kong .

rooms were nice and clean. Bed was n't so comfortable. Service , typical Hong Kong style , cold. Took us half an hour to check out !

we stayed at Le Meridien Cyberport for 5 nights and left with mixed feelings

yes , it is not in the smog-ridden heart of HK but surely the cheap taxi 15 min max from central is worth it. The cleanliness , room views and great pool area make up for it being in Pok Fu Lam. Breakfast was excellent and the food , although pricey was good quality. Drink prices are ridiculous but just turn left out of the hotel and go to the International supermarket , where they are almost 1/10th that of the hotel. Just make your own minibar ! Also , there are plenty of restaurants all within a short walk or taxi ride so do not let this put you off. All in all a great business , and family come to think of it , place to stay .

one of the best hotels I have stayed at. Efficient , helpful and incredibly friendly staff , they even helped us with saying some words in Chinese on top of the typical recommending restaurants and tours. The hotel itself is located in Cyberport , a modern high technology area full of expatriates , great restaurants , sidewalks and parks and expansive views of the sea. While Cyberport is not close to Central or Kowloon , a quick and cheap cab ride has you there with little stress. Actually , we loved staying outside of Hong Kong because after a day of touring in the city , it was great to lounge by the gorgeous pool and terrace in peaceful serenity without the noise of Central ! The rooms were very modern and very cool. On site restaurants great , and there are also restaurants in the area plus a shopping mall and a movie theater right across the street. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED hotel if you are traveling to Hong Kong for leisure , tons of families staying at the hotel as well !

stayed at Cyberport for 5 nights. Modern decor. Paid only HK $ 1040 per night for a large room with ocean view and buffet breakfast included. 10 minutes from downtown HK by taxi $ HK 55 . Hotel shuttle for a fee. Drop you off at IFC where you can find several trendy restaurants , bars and lounges. Airport express train arrives at IFC. International super market in Cyberport centre and IFC. Highly recommend the Meridien Cyberport for both leisure and business even though this hotel is not located downtown HK. Great value !

i spent six nights at Le Meridien Cyberport as I had business to do in this part of Hong Kong Island. Getting there is rather easy. An hourly direct shuttle HKD 29 leaves from &quot ; Central&quot ; station of the Airport Express train the bus is waiting right in front of the train platform on the same level . 20-25 minutes later , it drops you in front of the Meridien hotel. Check-in was quick and efficient. I got a nice room on the last floor &quot ; SPG Floor&quot ; that had all the amenities you can expect from a good hotel including a large LCD TV and an iPod docking station. The bed was quite comfy and the bathroom , nice. The transparent wall between the bathroom and the bedroom the management seems to be proud of can be made non-transparent for those not travelling alone... View was nice... considering what can be seen in Cyperport ! Windows do n't open .

this was a hotel located right overlooking the sea. The amenities in the hotel were of latest sci-fi taste .

we got a free one-night stay at the Le Meridien Cyberport due to credit card rewards. Safe to say , this was probably one of the worst experiences I 've had with a hotel. First of all , the hotel is located all the way past Pokfulam , far from any real tourist attractions in HK except Ocean Park perhaps . However , Cyberport is allegedly an up and coming IT district , so if you are in HK specifically for that reason , it 's a great location .

i was very disappointed in this hotel , mostly because of the location. It is completely isolated with no shopping , restaurant choices or even scenic walks anywhere around. The rooms are modern and very &quot ; cold&quot ; ... OK , but not my taste. The front desk staff were slow , and the hotel was slow to correct problems when my key would not work .

we stayed two nights with our 10.5 month old baby and were disappointed because the room was so small and they are not very well sound proof - after we went to bed on the first night we could hear a man next door on his phone and banging his door .

stayed 3 nights. Being a platinum member , should have gotten an upgrade to a suite , but only got a corner room. The rooms was really cool , and really loved the view. Size of the room is average , but still my wife loved the room .

i stayed for two weeks in Le Meridien Cyberport whilst attending a training course at the Cyberport complex. I had a room on the top 13th SPG floor with an Ocean view

i was very excited about this place. i was let down. its certainly nice and plush , but the building is sideways to the coast it sits on , making all the views rubbish by default. our room 's wooden fittings were very scuffed , but there were some nice touches here and there in the room itself. its miles away from anything , it didnt matter to us as we were staying with friends beforehand down the road. however cabs are so cheap you can get anywhere for less than Â £ 5. the guys on the desk werent that friendly , and the shuttle bus they put on every hour to central was very late when we got it. maybe that was a one off , but its a nice touch .

i stayed in this hotel for three nights whilst attending a conference at the adjacent cyberport centre .

i stayed at Le Meridien Cyberport during a recent business trip , and I did n't want to leave ! The rooms were clean and modern , plus I had a lovely view of Telegraph Bay. The staff were extremely friendly and responsive , and the breakfast offering was wonderful. Everything about it was pure enjoyment. I did n't mind the distance to Central at all and the bus shuttle was efficient. I will stay again and again ! It 's possibly the single best hotel experience I 've ever had .

stayed here for two nights.....because wanted to use all the coupns before it expires.... .

this was my first stay here and it was an impressive property. The location was a little inconvenient for this business trip , but taxis were available quickly at the front door. Staff at this hotel was extremely helpful at any point during the stay , booking restaurants , ordering taxis , bringing adapter for PC to the room , etc .

my last review from DC was long and rambling. This will be a little shorter , as I 'm pole vaulting out the door to Shanghai / Hangzhou for business / holiday which will spawn yet more reviews .

this was the second stay I had for business. I like this place mainly as the rooms are smart and modern lots of glass walls etc and the whole hotel has a good feel to it. Not too large. Staff are friendly and efficient. The breakfast buffet is well stocked and varied .

the Meridien was areally nice base for our stay in Hong Kong , the rooms are great , the staff was fantastic , the only draw back we found was that a lot of Taxi drivers did not know where it was !

i booked the hotel direct and as I was staying for more than 21 nights , I got a great deal , averaged 105 dollars/night incl. breakfast , for a family of four. The hotel is relatively new and very modern. Beautiful minimalist architecture , very classy , none of the gold-gilded decor that is so common in Asia. The room was spacious and immaculate , flat-screen TV , rain shower , etc. The fitness room , small but adequate , nice overflowing pool. Speaking of pool , it sits next to the terrace of their continental restaurant , therefore you provide the show for nightly diners. The restaurants in the hotel are pricey and really nothing special. The breakfast buffet was ok but I have seen better for Hong Kong. Recommend going to the mall across the street to find cheaper and better eats , 10X cheaper !

i decided to utilize my Starwood points on my short trip to HK so I only had 2 choices. I chose Le Meridien as I had good experiences with them in Jakarta and Kuala Lumpur. It 's a small hotel it felt small anyway and the first impression was as the name implies , quite high tech. The first impression of the room was quite positive too ! Modern , straight lines everywhere , comfy bed. However things start to go wrong once you start 'using ' the place. First of , they charge a service charge of HKD 40 to bring room service ? ? Then , wireless internet was free IN THE COMMON AREAS ! To use your laptop in the room , you had to PAY ! Then the taxi 's oh boy. The first few trips to Central , we ended up paying over HKD 100 a pop. It turned out we were being driven around for fun. By right , the trip should not cost more than HKD 70. Oh well , it was not so much the money but the fact that it took a lot of time to run up the bill. The hotel was ok , but I constantly feel like they were trying to make it the guests ' fault for not running a fuller ship. They even have a HKD 10 lucky draw in the lobby where you can win things... kinda desperate ?

my husband and I stayed at Le Meridien Cyberport from January 7th through the 11th. The hotel is very nice , the food was excellent. The location is not for you if you want to tour Central and Kowloon. The hotel offers a shuttle to Central for a fee and the ride is decent enough...but there is nothing like walking out of the hotel and being in the middle of things. There is a great small grocery store 1/2 block away and the bus station is also 1/2 block away which was great for going to Stanley. BUT...if you want to spend most of your time around the Harbour this is not convenient .

in October 2004 my wife and daughter joined me in Hong Kong for a week in the territory. My wife had seen the Le Meridien hotel on-line and was curious about it. Long story short we booked a three night stay which we followed by a night stay in Macao in a Hyatt hotel there and again another two nights in Le Meridien. The hotel was very nice :

i stayed at Le Meridien Cyberport in November for four nights with a friend. In general , I have only positive comments about the hotel .

a very modern and smart hotel. Rooms had great views over the sea to lamma Island. Nice pool. sauna etc and a pretty chilled out place to relax. Cyberport is n't the best location and is just another of HK 's many souless mall type spaces , but the hotel was great .

i stayed at the Le Meridien Cyberport for part of my honeymoon. The room was very big and nice for a Hong Kong hotel. Very modern and contemporary looking. They also upgraded me to the top floor ocean viewing room due to my Starwood status. Speaking of Starwood , if you have any points with them , you can stay there for $ 60 USD + 3,000 points or for 7,000 points per night . The only &quot ; downside&quot ; of the room is that it is slowly deteriorating. For examples , the tiles in the bathrooms are turning slightly yellow/brown .

i stayed here on holiday en route to Oz using my SPG points and it was a great experience. We got upgraded to the top floor and the service was first rate ; especially the concierge .

i was able to stay at the Meridien twice within a 2 week timeframe .

first off , the rooms are really interesting and different. Clean , comfy beds , lots of space , huge shower and bathroom and cool amenities. The pool is a very warm lap pool with the water overflowing the edges not sure if its an infinity pool but it was really beautiful. The air is fresh and you can see the ocean from the poolside lounge chairs. The restaraunt served good food although the breakfast did not have a huge selection , yet good enough for me. As a woman travelling alone , I felt pretty secure and the extra security lock on the room door was a bonus .

the Meridien Cyberport was a great experience ! We stayed there for 10 days and were not disappointed !

i stayed here because it was close to a friend 's place in Aberdeen and the price was right. I had some concerns about its location on the other side of the island , but the hotel shuttle is only HKD 29 and can take you to central in about 15 minutes. Taxis are not that expensive and there is a bus terminal conveniently located nearby as well .

the rooms were quite nice but we had to have 2 with having 2 children , which made it very expensive. I would also agree that the pool area is quite small and crowded. It was not very relaxing to go for a swim as there were no bathrobes in the room so you had to go down to the changing rooms to get changed for a swim. The ladies changing room was way too small and overcrowded and I was worn out before I got in the pool .

we stayed for 4 nights in the summer of 2006 in a standard &quot ; smart room&quot ; . We were delighted with the room and the facilities and were comfortable right away. We looked forward to relaxing in our room at the end of each day. The bathroom , with the fantastic rainforest shower , was great. The room is spacious , modern and definitely a lot nicer than the run-of-the-mill Mariotts and Hiltons in Canada I have previously stayed at for similar prices $ 1,000 HKD per night . The pool good size and fitness centre floor-to-ceiling glass overlooking the ocean were neither too busy or too pretentious. The staff was friendly and helpful , but not overly intrusive .

we hiked the Pokfulnam Trails daily while we stayed in Hong Kong.A convenient place to stay was the Cyberport Hotel .

oh boy , how we loved this place ! Definitely one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at .

we were very unhappy with our stay at Le Meridien Cyberport , which started off a big disappointment as the front desk staff who checked us in were cold , unfriendly and not helpful and made many mistakes. One would expect that the front desk staff would be more friendly and smile at their guests , but not at Le Meridien Cyberport - they had no eye contact nor did not show any teeth ! ! Their English was also not very good .

stayed for 1 night and I wish that I could stay more nights. The room is just AWESOME ! ! ! Very high tech and everything is combination of glass ceiling to floor and stainless steel..very stylish and sleek looking and baby crib that we requested is made of very good quality wood and beautiful shape. Our room overlooked ocean partially. Staff are friendly and courteous ! ! ! The only con is that it is too far away from Kowloon but if you are visiting Repulse Bay and surrounding area , not a bad choice to stay in this hotel .

we just returned from 4 nights stay at Le Meridien Cyberport. The hotel design was really modern , and we really enjoyed the big space of the room. And we did n't have any problem with the location , since the hotel located exactly next to bus terminal. Just hop on to light bus no. 69X and it will bring you to the heart of Causewaybay not far from Sogo . And not to mention it 's much cheaper than taking a shuttle bus provided by the hotel. Overall , I would say Le Meridien Cyberport it 's one of the best hotel that we have ever stayed in Hong Kong

i enjoyed 4 nights at the Meridien Cyberport in January , 2006. The hotel design was very modern and interesting , and the room quality was outstanding. As other reviewers have noted , the location is a bit out of the way , but was convenient for the event that I was attending at the adjacent convention center. There is a shuttle not complimentary at regular times to and from the city center. Rooms were exceptionally comfortable , and breakfast buffets were above average. A meal at the dim sum restaurant at the hotel was also very good. Service was average , staff could be better trained. There is also a shopping area adjacent to the hotel , but it was sparsely populated and generally dead .

we stayed at this hotel for a week at the end of September. I was travelling with family. The pictures that were posted on the site is exactly what you see when you get there .

had a great stay at this hotel - the rooms are really well turned out and the bathrooms are out of this world !

the service was excellent and the staff was very accomodating ! The room itself was modern and sleek , I felt like I had been launched forward in time. They provide shuttle service to and from the train station and metro so it 's not a problem getting to places. This is a necessary service because the hotel is located a bit out of the city center , but it overlooks a beautiful bay so that 's a plus ! No complaints besides the distance factor !

my wife and I stayed at Le Meridien for one night courtesy of AMEX and my wife 's support of the local retailers I guess . We are Australian but have lived in Hong Kong for several years and have stayed in many good hotels throughout Asia , often for weekend breaks. Our stay at Le Meridien Cyberport ranks up there with some of the most enjoyable .

this hotel as described before is trendy , techie , and comfortable .

i â € ™ ve enjoyed my stay at the hip Le Meridien Cyberport although service could be better .

stayed here over the New Year. Very modern and stylish decor and high quality furnishings in the room. The shower is glass walled to look out to the bedroom which is fun though with no door on the toilet it also means you can look in from the bedroom which is a little disconcerting. Breakfast buffet in the open kitchen was good. The staff were always eager to please but seemed to lack experience. That and the longish trip in to town , 150HKD to get to Tsim Tsa Tsui by taxi , were the only negatives though for what was a nice stay .

le Meridien is a nice hotel in the western side of Hong Kong island. This is the more remote part of the island , and hence you are 15 minutes by either taxi or minibus away from tourist centers a taxi ride to Central costs about HK $ 65 , or US $ 8 . If you are used to those hotels in Tsim Sha Tsui or Causeway Bay where you are minutes away from tourist attractions , Le Meridien is not for you .

i visited LeMeridien Cyberport on a business trip in Oct 05. It has to be one of the best hotels I have stayed in this year .

overall an excellent 7 night stay. The room was spacious and well equiped and I have nothing but praise for all of the friendly and professional staff .

my second stay here and it was even better than the first. The place is much busier and really buzzing now. I can thoroughly recommend all three restaurants for service and quality. There 's a Chinese , a Japanese and a Buffet - Style that does a la Carte as well. What I like most is the friendly service - the staff remember your name and treat you like a person , not just another guest. Try and book a sea view - it is great to wake up to !

