travelled to Hong Kong with my parents so that makes 3 of us. This trip was the second leg of the journey after arriving from Macau. The hotel was located in a great location , not too far from the Ferry Terminal to Macau and being located in Lan Kwai Fong , the nightlife centre of HK , the lobby of the hotel was crowed even at night. We got a good deal on the room which is a stay of 3 nights but paying for only 2 of the nights and since it was low season during the Chinese New Year week , the price was reasonable .

we wanted to stay in Central on this trip so we booked a room at the Hotel LKF and we definitely made the right choice The hotel has an unassuming entrance right on the sidewalk level of Wyndham Street and you can easily miss it. Once inside the lobby , you immediately feel you 're in the lap of luxury. It is a beautifully designed contemporary space. The hotel is well-run , friendly and secure. Our room was spacious with comfortable furniture. The location is excellent and you can walk to the MTR Central and the Star Ferry within 15 minutes. We will stay at this hotel again .

great location , rooms &amp ; even service but only not worth 300 $ + taxes would rather stay in mandarin for the same price .

clean place , very central to pubs and clubs. right near the city centre. Staff were excellent ; friendly and could n't do enough. Excellent

great hotel with attentive and friendly staff. Stayed with my partner and had a wonderful 1 bedroom suite on high floor with outstanding city views. Bathroom was all marble with a big window and wet room. Plus , incredible location in LKF neighborhood - near bars , monuments and great restaurants. High end price - but totally worth it .

although the hotel is rather small in comparison with the big chain hotels , LKF rooms are &quot ; big&quot ; in size ; large LCD TV , comfy and large bed , lots of wardrobe space , big bathroom , BIG service ! The hotel is also in the heart of nightlife in Hong Kong. It is extremely close to the famous Lan Kwai Fong clubbing area and just 5 mins walk from Central MTR station ! The security at LKF is also good and the staff members are friendly and courteous .

i will check out on October 6 after six nights here , and the hotel is outstanding except for a key security and safety flaw .

it was soooo , soooo cold but what to expect when it snows .

rooms were excellent and very comfortable with great views of the city. The bathrooms were also very large and modern. Location is great as its close to many bars and clubs. Stayed on the 21st floor and never heard any noise from the streets below. The staff was always very accommodating , and wanted to help you explore their city. They do not have a fitness center , but they do give you full access to a full size heath club/ gym a few blocks away .

postitve : Room was very nice , as shown on the info from the website , great partial harbourview , and excellent amenities .

if you 're looking for a 5 star boutique hotel experience in glamourous Hong Kong , take my advice and stay at Hotel LKF. I 've stayed there 3 times - and now it 's extremely difficult to stay anywhere else in HK ! Ideal location , stunning rooms , large bathrooms , attention to detail at every turn - and great staff. Considering the smaller sizes of many hotels in HK , this is a great choice. For about 30 % HKD more compared to other hotels , you 'll get 100 % more hotel .

this is a hotel that serves well the purpose for business travel but not necessarily of a tourist minded couple .

the cool modern rooms , the polite and considerate staff , and its fabulous location makes Hotel LKF party central !

hk has been a stopover for me for years , now I only stay at one place , LKF Hotel. The location can not be beat , good for shopping and access to tourist spots , convenient and comfortable walks to malls IFC or the shopping available down Queens Road. Of course the dining and drinking is spoken for since its right above the famous Lan Kwai Fong , short walk to Soho also. Not many hotels I have stayed have such a happening restaurant/bar , Azure on top of hotel can not be beat , esp. weekends. Need to book early as they fill often due to popularity , you will see why the lobby is full of awards !

my wife and I just got back from our first trip to China and we absolutely loved the Hotel LKF in Hong Kong. The location was perfect and it was easy to get everywhere. Just a short walk to the Central MTR station and only a few minutes walk to the Peak Tram. The hotel staff was outstanding and made sure we were comfortable during our stay. Our room was fairly large and we were up high enough that we could see the Harbor from the window. There was an espresso machine , well-stocked mini-bar , and a huge flat screen TV built into the wall. There was also a stereo , DVD player , and surround sound. The bathroom was gigantic and also had a big window over the sink so you could look out and see Hong Kong 's famous skyline .

just got back from a 4 day stay at the Hotel LKF , and must say that it was great. The rooms are large , with a Large flat screen. it 's in the perfect location for dining and nite life. just off Hollywood Road , close to the Mid-Levels , Peak Tram is only a 10 min walk away. You 'll definitely feel more local in this area than on the Kowloon side. Also , the smell on Hong Kong Island is MUCH less prevalent than on the Kowloon side .

yes it is in a great location and great for partying but this time round , the 2nd time , we were placed on the 20th floor on the &quot ; LKF side&quot ; and it is noisy. If you get the 600 room then you wo n't get the noise from LKF. We 've stayed in a 600 room last year and it was so quiet and nice..we had a view of the Governor 's mansion and we could actually see my father-in-law 's place from our room ! ! ! IF you require a quiet room then spend more and get a600 room , drink all you want , sleep it off. ifyou do n't care then a 500 room is good. hotel all around is worth it but if I were to stay for longer than 3 days then I would move to a quieter place like Lang Kwai Fong hotel in the same area. The beds hard and closet are smaller but it is quiet and in the same area , two blocks away actually .

after trying a number of hotels in HK it does n't get better than the LKF. The operators know exactly how to treat their guests. If you are early you do n't feel like you are putting anyone of the front desk staff out. The location is perfect for business , shopping and restaurants. The rooms are very comfortable even though the shower does somewhat flood the bathroom floor. Poor design rather than the hotel 's fault. The breakfast which is n't included in the rack rate is a bit expensive but very enjoyable and quite extensive all the same. The only thing that is a negative is that you have to pay for internet use in your room. That 's a tactic more associated with paying for drinks on a no frills airline. I think the room rate should cover that. Whilst the room rates are expensive compared to other hotels in HK I think anyone would be happy with their stay at the LKF .

we stayed in a standard room which was a really nice size , bathroom was fantastic. The staff were all really helpful &amp ; the view from the roof terrace &amp ; restaurant is fantastic. The restaurant &amp ; bar both get very busy of an evening so the lifts are always full. I 'd read a review that mentioned noise , we did experience some noise but this hotel is in the heart of LKF with really busy bar 's &amp ; clubs and most people standing in the street - if you are looking for a quite retreat do n't book here but if you want to stay slap bang in the middle of it Hong Kongs bustling nightlife I highly recommend Hotel LKF

close to everything as far as going out ! Awesome hotel and the rooms are quite large for HK standards !

great location ! great style ! great view in breakfast !

beautiful well equiped rooms , the best location in Central Hong Kong and a wonderful staff. Great bedding. Truely a 5 Star at a bargain price in Central Hong Kong. Please do n't bring your children. Lan Kwai Fong is for adults. Do n't miss Azure on the 29th Floor .

fabulous Hotel !

i stayed at this hotel for five nights in October when I was in Hong Kong on a business trip. Before the trip , I had looked at the hotel website which made it seem like it was an okay hotel , but not particularly nice. But it was much better than expected .

booked one of their 600 sq. ft. rooms on the upper floors and loved it. The room is more like a junior suite and you can even pull out a wall to seperate the sitting area from the sleeping area. No problems with noise but i had a room on an upper floor and specifically requested it not to be facing the LKF side .

i have over 10 years tavelling experience in Hong Kong and I have stayed in different hotels in Kowloon side and Hong Kong side , such as Shangri-La , Conrad , JWM , Four Season , Kowloon Hotel and Marco Polo ; I think Hotel LKF is the best hotel and they can porivde the best service even better than Four Season Hotel does .

i have stayed at the LKF a few times when on business. It tries to be avant-garde and sort of succeeds .

after staying at the Hotel LKF , I ca n't quite figure out what market it is trying to serve. On the one hand , it is expensive and tries to be glamorous , but on the other , it fails on the basic check points of a good hotel , making it a sub-par choice as a business hotel. The hotel reminds me of an uber-chic trendy restaurant that aches to be popular but that everyone knows will be gone in a few years .

all Lies ! !

was in Hong Kong in November of 06

i have been to Hong Kong many times but this visit decided to stay somewhere different. This relatively new boutique hotel is great and I would certainly stay here again .

stayed in 2 different rooms as was in/out of HK over course of 10 days in April/May. Second-stint was a suite , which cost almost as much as any luxury hotel room in HK. A suite it was n't , just a normal room with another half-room bolted on with lots of empty/dead space. There was no-where to put my suitcase or unpack except against a wall miles from the dressing area near the main door. The closet , on other side of the room was squashed into the desk/work area. Despite this design flaw , someone did ensure there were 3 TVs throughout the suite. As other people have mentioned , it can be very noisy - the suite is a corner room facing Wyndham Street , so less noisy than the rooms facing LKF. I had an early arrival and room not ready , so I had to pace throughout HK for a few hours in the morning not a big problem but a place to shower or get changed would have been nice . Similarly , when I departed for evening flight and wanted to change from sweaty clothes/suit I was offered use of the staff loo , which required finding someone to get a key -- there is n't even a washroom in the lobby , let alone a changing room. I heard 2 different customers complain that their fancy shower was leaking water throughout the bathroom. My gripe is that I almost killed myself by crashing into some silly glass partition in the middle of the bathroom. For these prices , the hotel 's accommodation is inexcusible. Oh , and the coffee is horrendous. It 's a great location and could be a great little hotel. I can not recommend it .

i stayed here for two nights for a business trip on a colleague 's recommendation. For 1880 HKD per night I was expecting five star. This is my experience .

we stayed at the Hotel LKF by Rhombus in Hong Kong and absolutely loved it ! The staff were fantastic and helpful , and the accommodation was spacious , spotless and really cool. The location was fantastic , centrally located on Wyndham Street alongside all the happening restaurants , and the bar and club area of Lang Kwai Fong which , by the way , did not disturb us in any way , it was very quiet ! The surrounding areas , particularly Hollywood Rd , Lyndhurst Terrace and groovy Soho are all within walking distance. So too is the more commercial Central shopping area. I thought it was the best launch pad to see Hong Kong Island and what makes this place tick , and will definitely be staying there again .

we stayed for New Year &amp ; had the most fantastic dinner in the Restaurant on the 31st Floor it did cost over Â £ 100 per person ! . The food was superb &amp ; was of great quality &amp ; presentation

the LKF is very centrally located close to entertainment , restaurants , shopping and everything else. about a 5-8 min walking distance from the Central MTR station .

first of all , we ca n't expect a better location. LKF is simply located in the heart of the very attractive and busy hong kong life , close for shopping in the luxurious Central area and close to the nightlife and cool bars and restaurants and it 's a fabulous advantage .

a real struggle to get there as we hauled our luggage up a seemingly endless set of steps Wyndham Street to get to the back entrance of the hotel. Be aware that another road to the front entrance - D-Aguilar street - running parallel to Wyndham is flat .

stayed in the LKF this summer during a stopover in HK after a friend gave her recommendation. Have to say that it was well deserved. Location for anyone with even a passing interest in HK nightlife is nigh-on unbeatable - it is located right smack inside Lan Kwai Fong , HK 's bar/club/restaurant district. There 's even a lift which takes you straight from the hotel to the drinking holes - and vice versa so that even the most inebriated will make it back in one piece ! Shopping in Central and the subway station is a 5 minute walk away. Soho - another drinking/eating neighbourhood - is literally a short walk down the road .

nice modern hotel in a good location in HK not far to walk to ferry/MTR. Staff were very helpful and friendly. Azure restaurant was excellent , I recommend to reserve a table prior to arrival it gets booked up in advance as a popular place to be seen and its not very big The room itself was quiet with not much road noise on the 12th floor great view from the bathroom although the shower seems to be design over function as more water goes over the edge of the bath than on you ! Nice coffee machine and big TV - breakfast was fine and not as expensive as other hotels I have stayed at. Overall I would recommend this hotel as a good place to stay for business or leisure , especially if you get a good room rate- you cant go wrong in my opinion , enjoy !

first time in HK for biz. Stayed in Hotel LKF. All are well as it comes with a price tag. The room was great , the bedsheet was the real stuff. Staffs were quite fluent in English. The only complaint was about the breakfast. I 've stayed there for 4 days and they did n't changed their buffet menu at all. The breakfast spread was n't big. It does n't really matter as I 'm not a big eater. But at least they could changed the menu and offered some variety to the menu .

absolutely perfect. Excellent location and I can not emphasize this enough , spacious comfortable rooms , helpful staff. I can not think of anything bad to say about this hotel. I would not stay anywhere else .

having spent hours hunting the website for a good place to stay IN HK , it seemed the only decent places in Central were riotously expensive .

hotel LKF is located in the Lang Kwai Fong entertainment district. The hotel was quite trendy with comfortable rooms. I was really impressed with the size of the flat screen TV provided in the room that I stayed at .

brand new and it shows. Minimalist decor very , very nice for those who like this style .

situated right in the center of Lan Kwai Fong , the location is terrific if you want to be in the center of the nightlife of HK. However , the hotel is just ok. I have stayed several times and each experience like each room is different. Room 2706 is a nice room , 1206 is just so-so and if you get one of the end rooms you will be taking a shower right in front of a glass window exposed to some of the surrounding office buildings it 's an odd feeling for me . Check in and check out can try your patience and check in is after 2 pm. If you show up at 1 : 30 pm be prepared to wait for your room. Still , the staff is friendly , the rooms are well decorated and comfortable. Try to get a high floor room as the noise below especially Friday nights can be bothersome. But , for HK $ 1,300 US $ 170 and the location ca n't be beat. Be aware there is no fitness center or pool. I will stay here again because of the price and location .

stayed six nights and had a great time.Hotel staff were excellent. Room was spacious and two queen beds were so comfortable.Location was just perfect , everything within walking distance.Will stay at this hotel whenever I am in HK and would recommend it without hesitation .

trully an amazing hotel and superb staff. We went to the hotel LKF by mistake , only after sweet receptionist informed that we are booked in wrong hotel. Only then we realized that the hotel room booked by our friend was some where out of place .

second time staying at the LKF. First time shortly after they opened last year was fine reasonable sized room ok service etc .

after looking through Trip Advisor , we decided on Hotel LKF. It was my first time in HK but my partner who had been before wanted to stay where the action was. The taxi brought us to the back entrance and I was a bit wary but once we got to the lobby , I felt much better. Dexter who worked at reception was so polite as was all the staff at the hotel. He took us up to our room , which I notice had been upgraded and showed us how to work all the wonderful gadgets that you would not even find in a 5 star hotel. We stayed on level 12 which was the lowest floor where the rooms were located. The bed was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I 've slept in. I barely noticed the noise coming from all the bars downstairs. I would recommend this hotel to all my friends even though it does not have a pool or gym , as the amenities in the room make up for that .

had my absolute worst hotel experience ever when I was staying in LKF hotel over last New Year -and I do travel a lot within Asia so I can compare .

having stayed in all the good 5 star and not so good hotels in Hong Kong over the last 15 years I have to say that Hotel LKF was a lovely surprise. The room was exceptionally large for a Hong Kong hotel , and had two queen sized beds , which were heaven to sleep in , cute couch and table,large plasma and dvd player. We were on one of the higher floors 8 th I think and our room overlooked Lan Kwai Fong and the city skyline. I was originally wondering whether it would be noisy because of its locality but even though we were there over Thursday , Friday,Saturday and Sunday we did not hear anything in our room.So after reading the other review re the noise perhaps it would be wise to ask for the higher rooms. The bathroom was huge with Bulgari toiletries , and the only quibble we had was that the shower design created a water build up and flowed onto the bathroom floor. We loved the location as Wyndham st has become a major foodies dream , as well as a great area to see art. Most of the major attractions on HK island are within walking distance or a quick bus ride from the hotel i.e.Hollywood rd , the escalator , Soho , the lanes,the Peak tram ect ect. It took us a day or two to realise that there is a minibus stop outside the hotel which drops you outside Shanghai Tang in Central and other destinations , we had been walking everywhere. The other thing we didnt realise was that there is an extra lift that spills you out onto Lan Kwai Fong , and this is a considerable shortcut to many places including Cat st and Hollywood rd , we had been walking down Wyndham st , everytime we left the hotel ! ! ! ! I probably would not recommend this hotel to the not so sprightly as it is on a hill and Wyndham st has many little sets of steps. I would recommend this hotel to those who enjoy restaurants , nightlife and socialising the best place in the world to meet locals , other travellers and expats is in Lan Kwai Fong art lovers. antique lovers and of course shoppers .

we stayed at the LKF Hotel in late May 2007 for one night as a stopover on our way to Europe. We stayed in a 500 sq meter Superior Room .

i have stayed here more than half a dozen times now after previously using the usual Shang , Conrad , Marriott , Mandarin and it 's the service that makes this place. Yes , it 's pretty funky and the rooms are very spacious with a great bathroom. No facilities such as pool but you can walk pretty much anywhere for business or pleasure. Arrived on my birthday to a cake and card and they remember just how I want the room each time. Perfect for the business traveller who is tired of the big chains .

ok  my overall experience was very good but with a couple of caveats. .

