in this particular note , I would like to review the experience I had during my stay at Hotel Luk Kwok in Hong Kong. It was my first visit to the city state Hong Kong SAR. I had to travel to the nice country for official meeting purpose. I requested our business counterparts in Hong Kong to suggest a good hotel &amp ; they suggested me to book a room for myself in this hotel as it is at walking distance from their office on Hennessey Road .

i stayed at this hotel as my partner was attending a conference in the nearby exhibition centre. Although I have nothing negative to say about the hotel , I have to say that it did not exactly leave me with a lasting impression. The room was large and comfortable with a couple of nice features , such as the non-steaming mirror in the bathroom , and the electronic &quot ; do not disturb&quot ; sign. The breakfast was abundant with both Eastern and Western choices. On the downside , the daily charge for internet access was fairly high , and was only valid for one computer per room , in addition I did n't appreciate the over-zealous housekeeping service , particularly when trying to get over my jetlag , who showed little regard for the aforemention &quot ; do not disturb&quot ; signs. The fitness centre was very small with limited apparatus , and there was no sauna or swimming pool. Having said that , the location on Hong Kong Island in the midst of the Wan Chai district is very handy for seeing many of the sites .

stayed here for a week due to work. very efficient and professional front desk staff , they accomodated our impromptu request to add extra persons in room with ease. chambermaids very nice and friendly. modern-styled room , size just right for 2ppl ; big , ultra comfy twin beds ; desk wide enough to work on ; very large windows and flat screen tv , good selection of local and intl channels. food at the breakfast buffett had a slight selection- but personally i dont like having too many to eat in the am anyway. .

the Luk Kwok is a gret place to stay whilst in Hong Kong !

been to Hong Kong on a number of occasions and stumbled across it years ago at a convention. Returned to it ever since , because it is a heaven of peace and silence in this bustling city. Excellent business facility which also handles special requests like printing overnight of business cards. China visa are arranges through the concierge quickly , if you did'nt bring one. Splendid nightlife at your doorstep and all major food-chains within reach .

we stayed for a total of four nights and were always so impressed with every aspect of the hotel. First of all , the location is great because it is about 2 blocks from the MTR subway , in the middle of the wan chai district , is easy to get to grab a taxi , and has lots of bars and restaurants in the area. We took the airport express into town , then rode the mtr to the hotel so from airport to hotel it was less than an hour. Also , my wife was able to go to take care of some work the the nearby central plaza which is next to the convention center .

stayed here for five weeks on a business trip. It 's a functional place , and the facilities are minimal - a small gym , no pool , and an uninspiring bar. But as another reviewer wrote , who needs a bar when you have Wanchai right outside the door !

i stayed at the Luk Kwok for two weeks while I worked out of Central Plaza. The hotel is conveniently located near Wan Chai office buildings and the convention center. It took less than five minutes to walk to work. The Wan Chai MTR stop is very close , too .

my mate and i stayed here about 10 nights in total .

great location &amp ; great service !

we attended a conference during a very peak time so rates were extremely high $ 1880 HK was a special group rate . Excellent views on the peak side and great location right on MTR Wanchai station . Service was excellent , room was clean and bright - no complaints. Breakfast not very good but Starbucks and other amenities right next door. Lobby bar is lacking in excitement but the excitement is literally outside the back door in Wanchai .

this was a good experience the first time I stayed , I enjoyed it very much. Due to the short stay I could not make use of all the facilities on offer but would believe they are fine like the room I lived in. I do n't think it is a hotel for budget travelers since rate was rather on the higher side. Yes , I know , there was an exhibition going on making accommodation more expensive but still. . All in all , I think I got good value for the money. It might well be that I will stay in your hotel next month .

if you 're planning to visit HK , for bussines or pleasure , this hotel its a very good option for you to stay , they have excellent i mean EXCELLENT treatment from the staff to the guests .

i stayed here for a couple of days on a business trip .

stayed at the Luk Kwok Hotel for 1 week from 13th May 2007 .

it 's a local business-oriented hotel , in the heart of the legal and business office buildings nearby. The hotel is comfortable enough , although the mattresses are too firm i later discovered this to be the case throughout China , so we Westerners must be spoiled ! . The customer service is very pleasant and accommodating , with good English skills. Another plus -- they have dedicated non-smoking rooms and their clientele does n't seem to smoke as much as the guests in many other hotels in China including in the elevators -- ugh . The amenities were minimal no pool , restaurant under renovation , no coffee shop , broadband only available sometimes , but there 's so much nearby , that there 's little reason to stay in the hotel when you 're awake .

