normally stay at the Shag-ri-la but as we got a better deal via amex to stay at the MO we booked harbour view rooms and couldnt have been happier. The view is fantastic and the building site not really a problem not lit up at night - and excellent insulation means you cant hear it during the day .

could not say enough good things about the Mandarin. With my trip to HK being mixed , both business and pleasure , the hotel was ideally located. I have usually stayed at the Conrad , but decided I needed a change. The lobby is breathtaking and the service very attentive from the moment you arrive. I had a very large room which was impressive , especially the wet room with an amazing shower and tub. The bed was comfy and the choice of entertainment channels very good for Asia .

i can honestly say that our 3 night stay was perfect. I stay in hotels for business for approx 60 nights a year and this beat any of those for service , for character , for the standard of food and general feeling of welcome and well being. It 's location by the Star Ferry and a short walk from the restaurants and bars is very convenient .

my experience at the Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong Hotel was nothing short of excellent. As a business traveler I found the hotel well located to the financial district and the service in all manors was excellent. Highly recommend this hotel .

if you need to stay in Hong Kong and need to be centrally located , the Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong is hands-down your best choice. The rooms are pristine and no thought or money has been spared in addressing and providing for all of your needs. The service is exceptional - from arrival to departure the staff is attentive , responsive and consistently cater to your every whim. And if you need to host a meeting in Hong Kong , the conference service staff are experienced and professional and the meeting rooms , food and beverage , and service are perfect. Whatever your purpose may be - business or pleasure - I highly recommend this hotel for both .

enjoyed this hotel very much. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Accommodations were superb. Would highly recommend this hotel .

a colleague recommended the hotel. He was a frequent visitor before the hotel 's recent remodel. I was told to expect exceptional service , and I was not disappointed. Although I did not have a room with a view of the harbor , everything in the rooms was well appointed. I was met my a manager and escorted to my room. My bags arrived almost simultaneously .

spent one night here in November and had stunning corner suite with awesome bathroom. Facilities were amazing and as a 5 * junkie I can say that there 's no better. Service was amazing and every member of staff I encountered seemed to pre-empt any request. I could not recommend MOHK more highly .

a classic that was renovated to perfection . IMHO best Hotel in HK .

the MOH Hong Kong is an excellent hotel with a perfect location for business or leasure on Hong Kong Island. The rooms are very nicely redone and are sumptous and elegant. The hotel offers everything you could ask from a top hotel. The concierge service is very efficient. The main restaurant The Grill and the Chinese restaurant Man Wah are both excellent and stylish. The top floor bar is a bit boring but offers nice fews and the more lively roof top bar Sevva is just across the street in Prince building. The Spa has a wide range of Technogym state-of-the-art equipment and for men sauna and steam room. My wife was a bit disappointed that for women there are no separate lounge area in the changing rooms by the sauna .

the rooms were very nice , a bit somber. I was exhausted after a long trip , and back at my room late. The turn-down service had turned on the TV. What was annoying was that it was really hard to to find the remote control , which I discovered the next day was in a very nice leather case. I tried calling the front desk but noone answered so just gave up and went to sleep with the TV on. When I talked about this with my colleagues , one of them also had the same problem. The service was good .

i normally stay at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong. But they didnt have a room avaliable for me on this trip. So Mandarin Oriental it was. Was hoping that it was of the same standard as the Four Seasons and I wasnt disappointed. Car ride in was a breeze , they had a staff member waiting outside when I arrived who took me straight to the room for check in. Rooms were a decent size and well appointed. The shower was massive and i loved the two shower heads. Service was impeccable. Food options diverse and of high standards. Location was great - is a short walk ~ 2-3 mins to the Central MTR and about 10 mins from Lan Kwai Fong. Plenty of shopping about also. The only downside versus the Four Seasons is that they dont have that amazing pool...but I will definately be staying that the MO again .

i think Mandarin Oriental has redefined a true 5-star service .

this is probably one of the best hotels ive stayed in , service was incredible. Lovely rooms with huge bed and gorgeous bathroom. Nice touches that they leave biscuits or chocolates for you at night. Wifi was charged which I thought was unfair given price of hotel. Breakfast in main restaurant very good excellent choice and again staff extremely attentive. Great facilities lovely pool and the most amazing gym. Restaurants also great with some lovely views. Bar on top floor was a great place to chill out even whilst working at night. Bar on ground floor by reception also has great live music at night. If I was here on business again I would definately not look anywhere else. Great location very close to underground and not a far walk from Soho via escalators. One word or caution do not use the telephone in room - charges to UK are around extortionate about Â £ 4 + per minute ! ! Get a phone card from the underground .

beautiful view , amazing service , terrific interior. Would happily stay here again when I go back. The tea service when you arrive set the tone for my stay .

you can not fault the Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong for excellent service , brilliant rooms , exquisite food , wonderful staff and a great location. For someone who has travelled the world and stayed in many different hotels there is nothing and I repeat nothing that compares with the Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong - as they say in their ad &quot ; I am a fan&quot ; ! !

the staff is well trained and hospitable. When things went wrong with the interent connection they tried their best then called in the it specialist. Within 10 minutes all was fixed and was given extra time ot work on the interent. Every experience I had with them problem solving was extrememly good .

no need to go on and on about the service , which is as good as everyone says .

stopped over in Hong Kong for a few days and hit lucky with this hotel. The hotel is a little smaller than the normal large chain hotels so it we have received a very peronalised service everywhere we have gone in the hotel - went to the bar twice and they knew my name ! The spec of the rooms are also very good - certainly impressed the wife ! The hotel is in Central so in a very good location - thoroughly recommend it !

as a local I use the MO HK for business and social meetings all the time and have received an exceptional service over a number of years especially in the Clipper Lounge , and by the manager Billy .

the rooms are great and the location really convenient but the service you experience from being picked up at the airport to checking out is the best I have ever come across. Heartily recommend to everyone .

with a number of outstanding hotels in HK to choose from , the Mandarin certainly has some fierce competition , and I am also a big fan of the Four Seasons and the Peninsula in Kowloon , but on a business trip , for outstanding service , a fantastic location , and great facilities , for me there is really only one choice. I have stayed at dozens of hotels in Asia over the years , but none consistently impress me like this one , and after the renovation of the hotel a few years ago , the rooms are top notch .

we had a recently refurbished harbour view room on the 9th floor ; the foreshore regeneration site below caused no noise or light pollution .

service and rooms are phenomenal at this hotel. If you do n't feel like venturing far , the bars and restaurants are excellent too. Location in Central seemed to make everywhere very easy to access. Very sad to leave as I know next few hotels , no matter how good , will just feel inferior. Fabulous hotel in a great city. We had a Harbour view room on the 18th floor for 5 nights .

this was my fourth stay at the Mandarin Oriental in five years and the fourth since it was reopened following refurbishment. It remains one of my favourite hotels to stay anywhere in the world and I find any excuse I can to go to Hong Kong so that I can stay there. There is great continuity of staff so that one recognises faces as old friends when one returns.The staff go out of their way to be helpful .

we stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our honeymoon as a stop over on the way to Bali. We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a suite , which was amazing. The hotel never failed to surprise us from the start to finish and was easily the best hotel i 've ever stayed in .

very nice and large rooms , top of the class service , one of the very best hotels I have stayed at .

on this trip I stayed for one night at the end of a swing through Asia. Its a great place to end a week on the road .

from the moment I checked in until the moment I checked out , I have never experienced anything quite like it .

this is the first time I stayed in Mandarin Oriental after its renovation and I was pleasantly surprised with the extensive luxury of the room , decor , amenities and most importantly the 'little ' personal touches. For example , I was travelling with a fiction novel , and when I got back to the room , I found that the turn-down service has inserted a bookmark in my book , Wow ! ! ! ! .,

someone said this about the USP for a hotel - there are 3 most important criteria for a hotel and they are 1 Location , 2 Location and 3 Location ! ! Thats true about Mandarun Oriental Hotel in Hong Kong. Its right in the middle of the CBD - with access to the Central MTR station or the Hong Kong MTR station where one can check in for the airport in walking distance along with the Central Pier for the ferry being a stone 's throw away. Not to mention the walking distance access to the famous Lan Kwa Fong the most happening evening night spot .

= = = Stay : 3 nights at Mandarin Oriental , Hong Kong in May 2009

where to start , where to start....Airport I guess...ordered the Meet and Greet Service from the hotel which was great , a personal attendant meets you just outside the walkway of the airplane and gets you into a cart and zooms you to customs , then picks you up outside of custom gets your bags and passes you on to the Hotel attendant at the airport....my limo was n't ready but I had a quick espresso and they whisked me to the waiting Mercedes S Class with driver and hat and all....Very nice indeed...once you get in , you get a bottle of water and a cold cloth...very nice touch.. .

we stayed at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel along Connaught Rd last April 16 to 18. This was our second time at the Mandarin Oriental. The location is ideal , for business trips and shopping. Landmark , a highend shopping mall with all name branded stores you can imagine , is a minute walk behind the hotel. Prada and Louis Vuitton are very near. The Hotel is close to the shopping in Queens Rd Central. Also accessible to shopping in IFC Mall .

this hotel exceeded in every department - service , food , location , rooms - the lot !

from the moment the Mercedes picked me up at the airport , the Mandarin provided one of the best hotel experiences ever .

our first experience of an asian hotel. The room was wonderful and the 'captains bar ' was a great place to while away the evening. Everything you would come to expect from a real 5 star hotel. We requested a high floor room with a harbour view well recommended &amp ; binoculars included . Great location on the island , very close to the ferry pier for Kowloon and other places , some great restaurants close by. Ca n't fault the staff as they were excellent .

just a classic hotel , since the refurb the lobby and captains bar are pretty much the same as they have been for 40 years and I love this place !

i was getting back to my room , and I could hear the phone ringing inside. What was that...&quot ; Sir , you forgot your mobile phone in the bar , somebody brings it back to your room&quot ; .... 'nough said .

we stayed at The Mandarin Oriental for two nights 13th and 14th March on our way from Perth to London.We found the Hotel to be in a good location but with a dissapointing view of the contruction site going ahead on the waterfront,this looks like being there for several years.Our room was clean and well maintained,but we found the layout to enjoy the view frustrating .

stayed here for 5 nights on our first visit to Hong Kong. The staff could not have been more helpful from those who met us at the airport , through the check in staff done in the room not at the front desk , to the concierge and the restauraqnt staff. .

the plane arrived at Hong Kong and right at the door of the 747 was a girl with our names on a board. Yes. After all the problems in the World in the last few months I decided to treat ourselves to 3 nights in the MANDARIN ORIENTAL and to have meet and greet service about Â £ 20- each. What a way to arrive after a long journey. We gave her our passports , she knew all the right people and we wafted past , all those queing for 30 minutes , and straight from the carousel to the Merc to be greeted with &quot ; Would you like a cool towell , a newspaper or drink and what music do you like while I drive you the 30 minutes to your hotel ? .Of course there is a charge but deduct the normal taxi fare and it is not that bad. Everything in H.K. is expensive. At the hotel a tailcoated receptionist opened the door and escorted us- no card swiping- staight to our room where he explained all the special extras in their newly refurbished hotel. He glanced at our passports and offered an extra 3 hours after check-out time to make our next flight easier.One felt that one was really being treated as a normal human being. The hotel is magnificent- even to free mulled wine and mince pies in the lobby on a cold evening- a freeby enjoyed by many passers by ! Eating out is a hassle with booking and return taxis and we found the hotel had everything from a Michelin restaurant on the top floor to a snack bar with also the choice of an ' eat as much as you like ' buffet with oysters , langoustine , and even a sirloin being carved by the chef , and 2 other restaurants. We could find absolutely nothing to complain about. It surely is one of the Worlds great hotels.. We visited 3 of the other top hotels- we could not find a second choice. A really special , spoily stay- just what we needed .

an open letter to the MO. Enjoy !

you really can not find fault in the location , the rooms or the service. Recommend the corner Oriental suites for the space , and harbour views from the bath. Do n't bother staying anywhere else !

the Hotel is excellent. The rooms , service and location are high quality. The location in Central Station area make it convenient for business and shopping .

having grown up , over decades , with the Mandarin 's colossal reputation , it was a bit daunting to book to actually stay there for the first time. Would it live up to that reputation ? And would the much-vaunted renovation live up to its hype ?

i spent 5 days and 4 nights in the magnificent Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Hong Kong. Everything was perfect there : from my arrival at Hong Kong 's airport until my departure to Paris 5 days later. Limousine service with new Mercedes car , large room with fantastic view , incredible service .

i have stayed at this hotel many times. It was great before the renovation completed in 2006 and is even better since .

this was a post nite after our azamara southeast asia cruise ; the only glitch was checking in and finding out that amex had denied the &quot ; fine resorts pkg&quot ; since i had booked it so far in advance ; with the patience of the front desk , it was finally resolved i 'm sure i could have gotten a cheaper rate if i didnt book it w amex . The room , the amenities and the staff were first rate. I used the services of the concierge , they were outstanding in obtaining restaurant reservations and confirmation of my return flt home. we used their car service to the airport and were greeted by staff members of the hotel at the airport to assist in unloading our luggage and guiding us to the check in counter , they did not leave until our boading passes were issued. Now........where in the world does one receive such personalized srvice ? ? I forgot to also mention that dining in the hotel and even shopping at one of their fine stores elicted the same consistent courteous service. although priced at the high end , i would conclude to say &quot ; it was worth every penny&quot ; . .

we stayed at the MO over Christmas 2008 for the first leg of our honeymoon , and were blown away by the design , location and service in this hotel .

i had a brief one night stay at the Mandarin Oriental some time back when the hotel just re-opened after a massive USD140 million renovation project that quite literally transformed this classic hotel from tip to toe. The Mandarin Oriental is perhaps the second oldest hotel in Hong Kong , after the Peninsula. Back then , the hotel recruited new staff after prolong closure and there were some teething problem , particularly in service. I choose to try the hotel again during a recent quick getaway vacation in Hong Kong .

great room. Great service. Great experience .

one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in. Service was excellent right from the time the doorman allowed us out of the limo. This hotel has a really good &quot ; Captains Bar&quot ; off the lobby in the hotel My husband particularly enjoyed his pint of Guinness in the silver tankard - there was a real buzz in the place with many local business men dropping in for a drink. Lots of very upper class Englishmen seem to favour this bar ! We got an upgrade to the 19th floor which overlooked the city and had views of the harbour - absolutely stunning and well worth the extra money. The bathroom was particularly nice and the bed was extremely comfy with nice bed linen. The hotel also boasts a wonderful spa with swimming pool - excellent. We dined in the Chinese restaurant on the top floor and had a cocktail or two in their very stylish &quot ; M&quot ; bar before dinner. You can access all the designer shops from the skywalk and need never have to go outside ! Great location right in the heart of everything. This hotel has been refurbished recently and is really worth a visit .

my husband , who is hard to please , thought this was possibly the best hotel he had ever stayed in .

we had booked to stay for one week at the Mandarin as a special holiday , a treat for our Silver Wedding Anniversary. Having booked with Virgin Holidays we had tried to double check every detail , we arrived at HK airport and found no transfer vehicle , as allocated in Virgin 's documents , available and no answer from Virgin 's office or emergency contact numbers. Having emptied all my pay-as-you-go phone credit attempting to sort the situation out , we noticed that the Mandarin have a desk at the airport and they kindly arranged our transport free of charge. When we arrived at the Hotel to finally check in , we found Virgin had also not booked our 7 night stay ! The Hotel responded wonderfully , booking us into a room and then taking copies of all documentation so they could contact Virgin direct. The next day we were advised that the situation had been resolved , we were upgraded to a Harbour View room , the hotel staff moved all our belongings ensuring everything went in exactly the right location. The room was amazing , every detail was catered for : incredibly flexible lighting and multi-media options , an amazing bathroom , room cleaned twice daily plus turn-back service , fresh fruit , newspaper discreetly delivered into a special compartment to avoid disturbing us , comprehensive stationery and toiletries , even a box of leads to allow us to connect any appliance to the Denon amplifier and TV connections. The service we received was perfect , attentiive but not intimidating or ingratiating , no cues for tips , and a genuine warmth although I am certain we were far from the wealthiest or most influential guests present ! Having had a far from auspicous start to our much longed for holiday the Mandarin did everything possible to make our stay enjoyable. Buffet Breakfast was wonderful , room service meals were good value and delivered and cleared away with efficiency , the room was serviced and cleaned to an exemplory standard. Our view across the lights of the harbour was breathtaking. We will never forget this exhilarating and vibrant city and culture , and we will certainly never forget the standard of service and comfort that the Mandarin provided .

we went to the Mandarin as the first stop of our honeymoon. We were upgraded to a Harbour view room which was fantastic .

stayed for a few nights in a Harbour View Premier Room and it was definitely one of the best room I ever stayed in .

true to its Oriental tradition , Mandarin Oriental 's service had been consistently exceptional. Not only did they ensure that my stay was pleasant , they took note of every detail making my Oriental experience a memorable one .

the Mandarin Oriental hotel this is the original one and it recently in the last year completed a renovation - this is not the newer Landmark Center location two blocks away was flawless. From the moment the uniformed agent met me outside customs and whisked me away to the hotel in a large , new Black Mercedes sedan to check in to the remainder of my stay , it was perfect in every way. Even though checking in at 3am delayed flights due to weather in China , the hotel staff was ready for me. The room was a harbor view room complete with binoculars to look across the harbor from Central. Hermes toiletries abound. The bath area was incredible , complete with soaking tub and a FULL range of toiletries for all needs nails , teeth , shaving and much more . Beds were very comfortable. VERY ample supply of free bottled water. State of the art flat screen TVs. Very large in room safe. Terry cloth and silk roabs as choice. Slippers that actually fit large feet like mine. The health club on the 24th floor was amazing too. Very large. Nice facilities overall. Breakfast was included in my rate at their buffet on the mezzanine level was first rate. Car service back to the airport was also flawless , except for a small wait for my pick up due to heavy traffic near the hotel. Once at the airport , a uniformed valet took me all through the process right up to security. Very nice. I cant wait to go back !

just stayed at the hotel on a recent business trip and the hotel is one of the best city hotels I have stayed in. I had a harbour view room on the 19th floor which was fantastic. The rooms have everything you can ask for , attention to detail is outstanding. The staff are very attentive and friendly. Plenty of restaurants to choose from and a great location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone .

stayed for a few nights in an Oriental suite ; the MO has a big reputation to live up to .

one of the best hotels in the world , large , beautifully decorated rooms and a perfect service !

this fabulous hotel had a major refurbishment recently and it looks great. Our Harbour View room was compact but did have a great view , and was very well equipped. The legendary service was clearly still a very strong point in the hotel 's favour. The Man Wah restaurant , plus the adjacent M Bar , were both excellent. There are trendier places to stay including the sister hotel the Landmark Oriental , but the original MO is still a very strong contender .

a grand dame with tremendous character. This hotels exudes old world charm from its preserved lobby post upgrading to its clubby rooms to its niche watering holes Captains Bar , Chinnery , and M Bar each with a strong and history of Hong Kong .

my fiance and I have just spent a blissful weekend at the older MO in HK , not the Landmark I think people get a bit confused. It has just been done up and the service is absolutely impeccable although slightly bordering on over the top ! You have a towel on you the minute you get out of the pool and a bellboy on you the minute you get out of the lift but if you can appreciate how prestigious these jobs are for the locals it is easier to swallow. We stayed in 922 a harbour view room ; you definitely need to be on the 9th floor or above to get this. The beds are uber comfortable. Lovely touches like complimentary water everywhere and fresh fruit replaced daily and in the gym spell attention to detail. The prices in the spa are no worse than anywhere in Central. For a chunk of old colonial Hong Kong , spoil yourself and enjoy the Captain 's Bar wasabi peas or a Negroni in the stunning top floor M Bar !

my fiance &amp ; I stayed here for 3 weeks in December , while renovations on our flat were being completed. We 've lived in HK for 10 &amp ; 12 yrs , respectively , &amp ; are loyal fans of the Mandarin. We chose specifically to stay here instead of the Four Seasons because we love its character &amp ; old school charm ; we 're also frequenters of its F&amp ; B outlets. However , after our stay , we could n't help but feel it 's missing the exceptional service it had pre-renovations , which came from having staff who genuinely cared about service &amp ; the hotel 's guests. While we still got this feeling from some staff , many other staff seemed to be clueless that they were representing the legendary &quot ; Mandarin service&quot ; . In fact , I think the Mandarin London 's service now beats that of the Mandarin HK .

the Mandarin Oriental is in the unfortunate position of sitting opposite what might be the best hotel in the world - The Peninsula , but let 's not ignore the fact that this is still a first rate hotel well worth a visit .

fleeing smog in Thailand , we landed exhausted and disheveled in Hong Kong , only to be whisked to the single most beautiful hotel I have ever seen. When canvasing for hotel recommendations , many in my family went misty-eyed , and said that I would be stupid to stay anywhere else. And yet , even they could not prepare me for the Mandarin Oriental .

i had previously stayed at the Ritz Carlton , but that was closed a couple weeks back. So I decided to try the Mandarin Oriental , it 's about 2 blocks away from the Ritz .

i had pretty high expectations for this Hotel , given the name , reputation , and price ; unfortunately , I can â € ™ t say that they were quite met. The Hotel is very clean and the staff is very accommodating , but the standard room is pretty small with only one sink in the bathroom. The closets are non functional for clothing , so the whole stay the clothes had to stay in the suitcase. There is a TV in the bathroom , but it is hung in such an inconvenient location that it â € ™ s absolutely useless. TV channels are limited although there are a lot of foreign channels , there are no movie channels besides HBO. Movies on demand are available , but of course for a fee and so is the internet connection about $ 15 USD/day . There is a business center on the 2nd floor that has a few computers with internet , but that of course is also for a fee around $ 15 USD/hour . The gym is small and has bikes and treadmills as well as some weighs. Everything in the Hotel felt kind of small with not enough air and light especially the hallways and room due to the low ceiling. The hallways for example are very narrow and dark. The food in the Hotel was pretty good , but again pretty expensive e.g. basic breakfast for two was a little over $ 400 HKD . Overall , I feel that the Hotel is very nice , but not as nice as it can be for the price paid .

a really special hotel that has been beautifully renovated with great style and taste. The breakfast is particularly fantastic and the staff are extremely attentive and very professional. The hotel has a great pool area including steam rooms and herbals baths. The Mandarin Barber is a destination in itself as is the day spa. The restaurants are excellent .

we reserved a room at the Mandarin Oriental through American Express. We spent a lot of time planning this trip , and the Mandarin Oriental 's website showed fabulous pictures of the amazing harbour views from the luxury room we reserved. My husband and I were greatly looking forward to our stay !

outstanding standards of service at this high-class hotel. Great location in Central - opposite the Star Ferry Terminal and within walking distance of shopping malls and the Peak Tram .

i just returned from staying at this property while on a business trip. While one becomes used to outstanding service at any of the premier hotels in Hong Kong , the Mandarin Oriental has impressed me as being the cream of the crop. I would normally stay at the Ritz Carlton , but with its imminent closing as of Jan 31 , I opted to stay at the refurbished Mandarin. The rooms and particularly the outstanding service and attention to detail/customer satisfaction was above reproach .

stayed here on business for a couple of weeks .

stayed at the Mandarin for a couple of nights in mid-December and then back again for the period over Christmas , with young family .

stayed on a business trip and can not fault the hotel. Good business facilities , well staffed and someone with a smile at every corner you turned .

i have stayed at this hotel several times before , and was always impressed by its impeccable service.The location is first-rate , and its easy to walk to IFC , Prince 's Building , Landmark. Many international offices are located here , which makes this hotel an excellent choice for business travellers. The spa and gym are also first-rate .

i had to go to HK for a Friday meeting so I took my wife along on Thursday evening , making it a long weekend from Shanghai. The last time we stayed together in HK it was at the Island Shangri La , above the Pacific Marina area but this time I booked the MO as it was located near the office at Exchange place. We arrived around 10pm and I had arranged for an airport pickup. From there , we arrived at the hotel and were met by a young lady who took us up and checked us into the hotel in our room. I had booked the cheapest room , not harbor view , but it was as requested. High floor , away from the lifts and extremely quiet. The downstairs bar has a live band and was lively as it was pre-Xmas time. The M bar at the top was also jumping so we elected to have a drink at the bar by the restaurant on the Mezz level. If I had one complaint about the hotel it was the bars were fairly small given the number of rooms in the hotel .

i am still trying to work out why this hotel is as low as it is on Trip Advisor ? Based on the reviews I had read I booked this hotel because it had been recently refurbished , we were not disappointed. I had booked a deluxe harbour view room but on arrival we were upgraded to a suite with a side harbour view. We could not believe our luck with the luxuary of the room. Three tv 's , wonderful shower , his &amp ; hers wash areas , huge free standing bath , mood lighting &amp ; cozy lounge. We did n't bother eating in the hotel as there were many eating places just a short walk away .

i stayed in a harbour view room for 2 nights in December. The view was not brilliant to be honest as I was only on the 4th floor , so its not really worth paying extra if you are going to be on one of the lower floors .

stayed as part of a business trip .

i stayed at the sister property , The Exclesior in Hong Kong as we always do on business , but took my spa treatements at the Mandarian Oriental....what a treat ! The new spa was beautiful and the attendants were very pleasant. It was worth the quick taxi ride for such an enjoyable escape from the urban press of humanity which has become Hong Kong. I highly recommend booking your spa treatments as soon as you confirm your travel arrangements at this wonderful hotel .

i stayed at MO during my 3 days business trip to Hong Kong. This was my first stay with MO HK and it was a pleasant stay. All my requests were met by the hotel , e.g. high floor , king sized bed , non-smoking room. The service was very personalized too -the reception staff brought me directly to my hotel room for check in when most other hotels did otherwise. The room was very well kept too - everything in the room including the bathroom design was modern , tidy &amp ; clean. Two things I did n't quite like though , 1 the pillow was too too soft , 2 the bed room light buttons were too complicated - there were about 9 buttons so i always ended up pressing the wrong buttons for the wrong lights. Nevertheless , all these issues were minor cos the service was excellent. Once , I forgot to leave my breakfast selection menu outside my door and I only realized it the next morning , I called up the service staff on my request and I received my breakfast in less than 30 minutes time ! I wil definitely stay again !

the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong is an amazing hotel !

returning to HKG after 15 years , I did n't bother to check out other hotels , as I remember the MO to be best in the 90s. The Hotel Airport Limo service , where you get spectacular views en route , made the transit seemless. We had booked a suite at HKD 7000 per night , and although it was on the 22nd floor with fantastic views , it was smaller than we had expected. None-the-less , the hotel boasted a complete renovation , which was apparent from the state-of-the-art amenities including one TV in the bathroom , DVD &amp ; CD player , Wi-Fi connection through to one of the most comfortable king beds we have slept in. But no fruit basket on our arrival !

i stayed at the MO Hong Kong for 6 days this month. If it 's a hassle free arrival and transfer you require after a long flight then I 'd recommend the limo transfer. Pre-book with concierge as they get booked up quickly - a porter meets you in the arrivals hall , takes care of your luggage , ushers you directly to the limo and within 30-40 mins traffic dependant you 're in your room , checked in. Upon arrival I was offered an upgrade to the Oriental Suite with panoramic views of Victoria harbour and Statue Square - a superb room. The level of service was impeccable , the food both restaurants and room service was very good the best room service breakfast i 've ever had , the bars lively , the spa did great massages and the gym , albeit on the small side , was equipped with the very latest cardio machines and free weights section. Ideally located in Central , 10 mins walk to SOHO and 5 mins walk to the star ferry terminal. An oasis of calm nestled in central HK. I 'd recommend the MO Hong Kong to anyone !

i stayed here for a business trip for two days. Its a pretty nice hotel , the spa is great and the gym is also nice. Located in a convenient location .

went to HK for business and stayed in the old wing of the Mandarin for one night .

i stayed at the HK Mandarin Oriental for a week in August 2007. Originally planned for 3 nights my travel plans changed to 7 so I ended up in two different rooms both Premier rooms

following its multi million-dollar refurbishment the Mandarin Oriental is a true jewel in Hong Kong â € ™ s list of great hotels. Our room a 'Premier Room ' on their website was totally gorgeous. Hotel staff were great and the facilities first class .

i have stayed at the Mandarin Oriental twice since it re-opened following its closure and complete makeover in 2006. It is back to top form in terms of service from the pleasant and ever helpful staff. The rooms are larger as the former balconies have been incorporated into the rooms , and are as one would expect very well appointed. Part of the former balcony has been used to create a very nice work area. In terms of space the rooms now compare well with the Ritz Carlton , but those in the Four Seasons , a newly built property , are substantially larger .

hong Kong is not my kind of place. You either love it or hate it. I hate it. I have only visted twice in 6 years and on both occasions I stayed at this hotel. The first visit was nothing to write home about but after the recent renovation , the rooms are very chic , almost sexy. I still find it annoying that they put guests in a smokers room without asking. And equally annoying that they give you a room with no view when in fact they have several with views. Are they trying NOT to impress you ? After asking for a non-smoking room &amp ; one preferably with a view , I was given one. So what were they thinking at reception ? Very silly. Breakast also starts very late - too late for business travellers. Dinner was very pleasant in the Chinese restaurant on the top floor... even with a step into the restaurant that has most patrons tripping on it. The staff make you aware of it , in which case why not light it accordingly and save your patrons from embarrassment. The bar , also on the top floor , has superb views. Not sure this is the best place to stay in Hong Kong , as I have not stayed anywhere else but having said that it is without question a luxury hotel with 5 star service and few but silly faults .

possibly the best hotel I 've ever stayed in - everything in the room ipod player , music system , tv , dvd , etc etc is state of the art , the bathroom 's incredible , the service is amazing , it 's lush , romantic , the new interiors are divine - I love it. The lobby has come under criticism but hey , that 's the way it 's always been - learn to live with tradition. I recommend this hotel to anyone. Oh and PS The Mandarin Grill is restaurant heaven .

my husband and I stayed at the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong for 5 nights in Feb this year. My husband was in HK for work and I tagged along as I wanted to see the city. We chose the MO because it is just two buildings away from my husband 's office. I was initially unsure about the location as in most cities the central Business District does not offer much to a tourist. However , the MO is located close to most of the happening areas in HK , such as the Victoria harbour , LKF , the escalators , the shopping malls , and best of all - numerous eating places .

as I sit here overlooking Statue Square and Victoria harbour I can only wonder why this amazing hotel has such a lowly rating on the normally reliable Tripadvisor site .

i recently stayed at the MO for five nights on a combination of business and pleasure , and it really was super .

having stayed at 30 Hotels in the last 90 days it takes a lot to get me enthused about a hotel at the moment but the Mandarin Oriental certainly did. I had a Harbour View room for 3 nights and the standard of the room and more importantly the standard of the service were exceptional. The gym and spa area are stunning also. It is the only hotel Ive stayed at over the last 3 months that I am keen to go and stay at again as soon as possible

my wife and I have just returned from a week at the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong. This is our fifth visit to HK and our fifth stay at this hotel but the first since the renovations. One of the things we both liked about the hotel was the balcony which provided excellent views , so when we heard that part of the modernisation included enclosing the balconies to increase room size , we were interested to see what impact this would have on our impression of the hotel .

from the most amazing beds to the most amazing views , this hotel was wonderful . Having arrived at 8am from Australia , we were able to check straight in without a problem .

my first impression , walking into the lobby of the Mandarin Oriental three weeks after it re opened following its refurb , was &quot ; this is AFTER they spent $ 140m ? ! ? ! &quot ; .

the 28th of September 2006 was quite a historic day for Hong Kong , as the legendary Mandarin Oriental finally emerged from its nine months hibernation , top-to-toe ; inside-out , full-scale renovation. I was staying at the Landmark Mandarin Oriental a block away , and was in much enthusiasm to see how MO has turned out to be ; and how it differs from the Landmark MO now that they both are new and sporting a contemporary image .

the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong is a fantastic hotel. The service is second to none. We had a wonderful room , nice and spacious , and when they found out it was our honeymoon they gave us a bottle of champagne and strawberries which was a lovely gesture .

i stayed at this hotel in March 2005 on a business trip. It is desperately in need of its refurbishment .

i love this place. There simply is no better location in Hong Kong , right in the heart of Central , next to the Star Ferry. I had a harbor-view room , and I really enjoyed hanging out on the hotel balcony , watching the ships in the harbor and the hubbub of the streets below. The hotel lobby is constantly filled with interesting-looking people at all times of day -- a great place to people watch. Yes , it 's an old hotel , and in many ways , it is showing its age , but that 's in part why I like it so much. With all the shiny and glitzy new buildings and hotels going up in Hong Kong almost every day , this is one of the few places that still retains a sense of history and character. I stayed here once before , several years ago , and as soon as I walked in this time , the memories from the previous stay flooded back. The place has its own distinctive * smell * , and it 's a highly evocative one. It really is like staying with an old friend .

the only good thing about the hotel is the location. Otherwise , the decor is dated , the room is so very tiny , the so-call harbour view is laughable and if you have the city view which faces the St George building , you can see exactly what people are doing in their offices and vice versa ! . Service is good but no better than other 5 stars hotels in HK. If you are coming to HK for leisure , you are much better off in staying in the one of the 3 hotels in Admiralty Conrad , Marriot and Shangri-la . If you are going for business and has to stay in Central , the Ritz will be better and check out the 4-season when it opens , which meant to have amazing view .

