nice large room , but rather oddly laid out. Very clean. Had to pay for broad band access and it was much slower than the free wi-fi my hotels in Bangkok and Camdia offerred !

we spent 3 nights in Marco Polo hotel. First question I agreed via e-mail was the View. I wanted to have a harbour view and I had it. It was really great - especially the symphony of lights... Hotel was good , but nothing special... the room needs renovation

excellent hotel which I have stayed in many times. Centrally located for Star Ferries and MTR with Ocean City shopping Mall connected to hotel , during Mall opening times .

let me start off by saying that the staff at this hotel are simply awesome , plenty of them and very helpful and the service they provide is fantastic. Also let me say that the Hotel is in an awesome location , right in the middle of the shopping district in Tsim Sha Tsui and very easy to get around .

the Hotel is located in Tsim Sha Sui which is the heart of HongKong. I had booked a normal deluxe room but because March is not overly crowded in Hong Kong they upgraded me for no extra price to the Club Room. The hotel is right next to the Tsim Sha Sui Shopping Centre and you can enter the shopping centre from inside the hotel itself. Rooms are excellent and staff very friendly. Overall worth the money spent

room was rather average and small but cost me nearly HKD800 per night. My room was a little dirty and run-down as well. But it was centrally located at the shopping belt and is near to the train station. I expect better from a 4 star hotel .

this was our first visit to Hong Kong - so after much research we decided to treat ourselves at the Marco Polo. We spend 7 night in a Harbour View Room on the 18th floor where we enjoyed all the privileges of the Continental Club Lounge - breakfast , afternoon tea , evening cocktails etc. Having the same friendly staff greet us each day made the stay even more enjoyable , the staff were a great source of information on how the get around HK and places that might interest us. The view from our room was fantastic and the location of the hotel was excellent for getting around Hong Kong using our Octopus Card. I would definitively recommend the Continental Club at the Marco Polo Hotel worth every penny .

we stayed at a harbour view room with 2 adults and 2 kids in the room , with a baby cot. Plenty of room and space. There is a walk-in pantry where you can put your luggage too. Wash area is separate from bathing area. Friendly staff and great service. we were greeted by each and every staff we passed , from the cleaning crew to the reception. Upon reaching the hotel , we were greeted by the reception staff outside the hotel , welcoming us. And When we came back from attractions with our arms full carrying our two sleeping children , the staff automatically helped us retrieve our keys from the key drop/counter , and pressed the lift for us etc. Although rooms are not as new , they are still ok. Not as bad as I imagined after reading several of the other reviews here : only complaint that it is a bit far from the nearest mtr entrance , as we have 2 toddlers and 2 elderlies with us. overall , a pleasant stay !

it does n't cost that much extra and the service on the 17th floor is fantastic - personal access to the Club Lounge for breakfast , afternoon tea , evening cocktails etc. and the rooms are great , especially if you upgrade to a harbour view ! ! !

up front , let me say that our experience here entirely concerns the &quot ; hotel within a hotel&quot ; operated on the top two floors with its own reception , staff , and club lounge where you take breakfast , coffee on demand , afternoon tea , and pre-dinner drinks and snacks , served impeccably by waiters in tails and all of excellent quality. The room was excellent too , but for a hotel so close to the harbour water views are restricted by another tall block. We 've stayed in this hotel three times and it would be an automatic choice for us on future visits. Its situated about three minutes walk from the Star Ferry terminal in Kowloon , right next to a huge shopping complex , and about five mintes from the elevated walkway that offers great views of the harbour and skyline. For us , an ideal location .

outstanding frontdesk helpfull and friendly fixing new businesscard deliverd to the door in 2 hours , amazing,helping out with booking on other hotels , guiding in town , shuttlebus to the fair free , and airport 130hk free surfingwifi on internet on 4 floor businesscenter , i took a taxi to trainstation to get to Canton very easy

the Marco Polo Hong Kong is situated on Kowloon 's most southern tip in the Tsar Sim Tsui district. Is is about 100m from the Star Ferry terminal and close to TST Underground station. If you are wanting a hotel that is in the heart of Kowloon then this is just for you .

i stayed in this hotel for 6 nights for a business trip , and overall was very satisfied with the stay .

if you need to stay in Tsim Sha Tsui the Marco Polo is a good choice. A buttoned down business hotel , it does n't offer too many amenities but it efficiently covers all the bases. You are probably going to stay there for the location anyway so if you do n't expect too much you will be more than satisfied. Despite a fancy lobby that greets you on arrival this is not a luxurious hotel , but its centralized location is hard to beat. You are right at all the TST shopping plus MTR subway and ferries are within easy walking distance. The views are great if you get a harbor room. The rooms are fine - again , nothing special but clean and comfortable. Service is efficient if a little cool , but hey it 's a mid-range downtown business hotel , what do you expect ? There 's a decent sized for Hong Kong outdoor pool on the 6th floor which is nice for a dip or a few laps if it 's sunny. One major and inexplicable drawback : no in room wifi and 75 HK dollars per hour per hour ! for internet . In a business hotel ? Are you kidding me ? There 's a Starbuck across the street .

stayed here for two nights. Good location , very close to Star Ferry , Nathan Road shopping. The hotel was adequate and the rooms clean. A very busy hotel .

i 've stayed with this Hotel many times and I could say that this hotel is one of the best in Tsim Tsa Tsui area , Kowloon , Hong Kong. Tsim Tsa Tsui is the friendliest area in Hong Kong for Tourist since this is the most modern area in Hong Kong. The hotel is connected to one of the biggest shopping center in Hong Kong - The Harbour City. It has also great views since the hotel is facing the Hong Kong Harbour. Many restaurants are also very near the hotel. Rooms are one of the biggest in Tsim Tsa Tsui area. Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel is the Highest in class among all the marco polo chain of hotel in Hong Kong Gateway &amp ; Prince are the othe 2 . I 've also tried the 2 Marco Polo Hotels but , The Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel is the Best among the 3. There are only 3 Hotels that I 've stayed before which I would recommend in Hong Kong - Sheraton Hotel , The Peninsula and this hotel - The Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel .

we arranged for the Hotel Shuttle to pick us up at the airport. The cost was $ 35 and it was a charter bus that picked up guests from other hotels. When we arrived at the hotel , the bell people greeted us and checked our bags in. Check-in did not take long and everyone at the front desk spoke English .

we can not speak highly enough of the Marco Polo. We loved our 6 day stay. The Continental Club is definately worth every cent. The staff especially Roy and Noel were wonderful and Winnie needs to be congratulated for her wonderful management of the Club Floor. Our room was great , we had a corner room with dressing room and lounge. It was Spotless .

great views , great room

i have stayed at Marco Polos over the past 15 years and was planning on staying at this hotel again this year. I almost changed my mind after reading the negative reviews on tripadvisor.com. To summarize the negative comments from reviewers - smelly , not clean , and dated. I decided to trust my prior experiences and am very glad I did ! We had three rooms for my family and father. The service was outstanding from the beginning and throughout our stay. The rooms , although older , were very clean and in perfect working order. The beds were new , sheets crisp , pillows outstanding they even have a pillow menu for your choices , bathrooms very clean , carpets very clean , and no smells whatsoever we were on a nonsmoking floor . The breakfast buffet was outstanding with a wide assortment of Chinese food , including a cooking station for congee traditional rice soup for breakfast , dim sum , noodles and veggies ; and Western food , incuding an omlette/egg bar , all the normal meats , great baked pastries and muffins and even fresh organic artisan wheat bread ; and daily fresh fruits. We have eaten there 4 days so far and each day has a slightly different menu to keep the variety going mostly different noodle dishes and meats .

definitely the place to stay. Plush rooms , brilliant service , exquisite food. Lovely hotel .

this hotel is in a great location , right across the road from the harbor area and the ferry to Hong Kong Island. You are a few steps away from seeing the nightly light show at 8 : 00 p.m. and within walking distance from Kowloon Park , shopping , the night market a bit of a walk to this , a huge indoor mall and the Ferry to China. You are also right across the street from the public bus which takes you to Stanley Market just ask the concierge what number it is . We did it and it was VERY easy. You are also a couple blocks from a subway stop , which is also very easy to use .

took forever to get us into our room - just a nightmare - many other places that are far better than this. TA wo n't allow me to go further back than 2006 , but this was based off of my experience in 1994 - I was only 12 , but it was an unpleasant enough experience to make a lasting impression - ick

hong Kong at night from Victoria is just breathtaking. Especially when cloudy .

i spent a week at this hotel for a business trip .

we were travelling as a family 2 adults and 3 children 15,11 &amp ; 7 . After spending two nights at the Hong Kong Disneyland Hotel exceptional service , wonderful breakfast with characters , free internet access , free shuttle service to disneyland every 10 min , beautiful interconnecting rooms with ocean views we were very disappointed when we arrived at the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel. When we booked this hotel it offered free upgrade from a superior to a deluxe room - we had requested interconnecting rooms. However when we checked in it was explained to us that the deluxe rooms do not have interconnecting rooms. The best that they could do was offer us a family room connecting to a deluxe room on the 9th floor - this was an additional $ 500 - what could we do but agree they have you over a barrel. When we arrived at the room I felt like crying the room was old and it stunk like damp when you have water damage. A humidifier was working outside in the passage and we agreed there was no way we were going to be able to breathe staying in these rooms for 4 nights. We went back down to reception and the guy behind the desk was not all that accomodating. We explained the situation and the best he could do was give us the original deluxe rooms - on the 12th floor but not interconnecting - no additional charge. We agreed , although not happy because it meant we would have to be split us but it had to be better than what we had just seen. Can you believe we were going to have to pay for a room that was worse than the one we were originally going to get. Although the rooms were much the same , there was not smell ! - old TV and internet access you had to pay for. Our rooms overlooked the pool , not that inviting. The only good thing I could say about the hotel was its location and great buffet breakfast and dinners. Would never stay here again !

fantastic location for shopping and exploring the city ! !

except for the Breakfast , this hotel has nothing good to offer. I made a reservation using an online promotion that promised me a guaranteed upgrade from a Superior Room. Upon check-in , i was told I had been upgraded to a Deluxe Room. I did n't think much of it until i got into the room. This did not seem like an upgrade , so I checked the rooms and it was actually a DOWNGRADE that I was given. I was so tired from my long flight that I did not bother taking my luggage down and arguing with them. But the Honesty Principle does not exist with this HOTEL. They even tried to make me pay for the breakfast the next morning , and at time time I argued that Breakfast was included in the package. The rooms were dirty , nothing modern about it , the bathrooms were disgusting. All I can say is , never ever again .

the hotel was very good .

we were indulging ourselves with an around the world trip for my husband 's 50th birthday. We loved the Marco Polo and hope to return in the near future. The room was very large with a small seperate sitting area , even though we were not in a suit. Lots of &quot ; freebies ' beyond the typical soap , shampoo , etc. - they had hair combs , nail files , q-tips , sewing kit , etc. and even a business desk with pens , pencils , sharpeners , erasers , paper clips , stapler , and more. There was free fresh fruit and water. They also provided umbrellas just do n't pack it up when you leave and flashlights in case power goes out . The staff was very polite and friendly , even going above and beyond when we nearly missed our sunset cruise. The building is beautiful inside and out. The whole experience was wonderful .

we stayed at the Marco Polo Hong Kong on May 21st. We arrived in the morning and checked in. Check-in took us less than 10 minutes. The room was not ready , so we dropped off our bags and took a taxi to Disneyland .

just returned from 4 days at this hotel. It 's just what you would eexpect from a hotel that has been around for ages. Clean , very convienent to Star Ferry and MTR is a few minutes walk away. Just ignore the Indians trying to sell you a fake watch round the corner. Service was good and professional. If going into Shenzhen , make sure you get your visa before coming to HK as the hotel will do it for you but will charge approx $ 1200 HKD per person for 24 turn-around .

we had booked in advance for a part of our honeymoon trip. The rooms didnt turn out as expected and were slightly shabiliy maintained .

after staying at the The Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel for 12 nights I am pleased to share our experience with you. Travelling with 2 young children we looked for a spacious room in TST with swimming pool. On the Marco Polo website we got a very nice rate with guaranteed upgrade spring promotion to a 1-bedroom suite including breakfast. The room was very spacious , the walk-in closet could house the cot the hotel provided largest cot we had ever seen , could sleep our 5 year old ! . The room was in very good condition , hotel staff very helpful , great service by the housekeeping department extra pillows and towels , prompt cleaning after you put out clean my room sign . Tea and coffee making facilities in room and minibar is mini fridge so you could store baby food. Breakfast is very good even when staying for 12 days as we did , fresh , well stocked and lots of options to choose from continental , English and Chinese . The hotel is part of the Harbour City shopping and restaurant complex. This gives you great shopping shopping options from luxury goods to great restaurants and supermarkets. Also you could use the Harbour City free WiFi for your e-mail checking as the hotel internet service is quite expensive.The hotel has a back entrance with nice waterfront views that is a stone throw from the Star Ferry. Here you have some useful stores such as a 7-11 , Watson drugstore and Starbucks. The TST-MTR station is a few minutes walk 5-10 depends on crowd on pavement and number of tailors/copy watch people that you encounter . We our looking forward to stay here again the children loved the pool !

hong Kong makes London look cheap , so it is no surprise that its upper middling hotels like this one cost a bomb. We had a two room suite , with a lovely huge bed for us and singles for the children .

i loved the lovely pillow menu an the enormous size of them they are confortable and relaxing to rest in the shopping district right below u cant get better .

marco Polo badly needs to renovate these tired old rooms. We also stayed at the new and less expensive Butterfly on Prat Hotel also in Tsim Sau Tsui which we both preferred and highly recommend ,especially for leisure travelers. I would not recommend this hotel as there are better values available in the same price range or even less . Pros ; great customer service , Cons ; Hard beds , old tired rooms , expensive relative to other available hotels in Tsim Sau Tsui .

the reason to stay at this hotel is its location in Tsim Sha Tsui. It is steps away from the Star Ferries and waterfront , attached to a huge shopping complex , and an easy walk to the MTR. The rooms are well appointed , spacious , modern , and clean .

i have stayed at the Club floor at the top of this hotel for 3 consecutive years. The service is generally good and friendly and the location is excellent. However , the rooms are getting dated and need refurbishment .

i arrived at the hotel after booking reading numerous reviews that were mediocre. You get what you pay for , but whoever said this is a five star resort is dreaming .

the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel boasts a wonderful position , almost adjacent to the Star Ferry. We found the staff to be very helpful although there are always three of four 'observers ' on duty in the lobby eyeing everyone with a suspicious look ! Over the years the lobby has been continually altered and now has very little character. We stayed here purely for the view from the deluxe harbour rooms - and the view is pretty stunning , covering both the Hong Kong harbour and the Cruise Terminal just below the windows .

in my six times of visiting Hong Kong , Marco Polo Gateway has been our hotel for five of those trips. I have never found anything negative about the hotel. The rooms are very spacious and the beds , very comfortable. Housekeeping is also thorough in cleaning the room and bathroom. All in all an amazing hotel. I do n't think my family and I will ever consider any hotel in Hong Kong .

there is nothing about this hotel that does n't scream quality,except a very poor swiimming pool , otherwise : -

passing through Hong Kong we decided to stay at the Marco Polo Hong Kong again and we were n't disappointed .

location

the hotel staff were kind enough to guarantee non smoking-connected room for us.. however the hotel was not what we really need. The 1 room was so big that it has a separate wardrobe room but it has a very small bed. The sofa was so old we even ask a bed sheet to cover it since we do n't feel like sit on it. The connected room is quite small but okay , again the bed were small .

i stayed here mid-November for 6 nights. I booked for the Standard room , however was given a free upgrade to a Deluxe room on Floor 16 with a partial view of the Harbour. My room was big with twin beds pushed together. The mini-bar was great â € “ it had everything except for wine but just go to a 7-11 for some wine , The bathroom was big â € “ had a bath with a shower over it. The carpet and furniture are is a bit worn â € “ but no big deal to me .

everything about this hotel is of the highest quality .

stayed at the Marco Polo hotel for 1 night from November 18 to 19 for the first time. Check in was quick and efficient however when I got to room no light was working and I called the reception. A person from housekeeping arrived 5 minutes later with some light bulbs and quickly realized that some more serious was wrong as it was all light which did not work. She mentioned the need to call an engineer after which I went down to the reception to change my room - not exactly what you want after a 16 hours trip from Europe !

i booked directly via the hotel website. They have some good deals over there so be sure to look before you book from any place else. The location of the hotel is absolutely fantastic. It is connected to Harbor City , which is one of the largest mall of HKG. I took the airport express from the airport to Kowloon station. From there I took the complimentary shuttle bus K2 which drops you outside the hotel .

we decided to upgrade to a harbour view suite which was a lovely large room on the 8th floor with a wonderful view of the harbour. However it was very expensive and you would have to sit in the room all day looking at the view to get your moneys worth they know how to charge for the view ! .

we stayed at this hotel for 2 days on our way back from OZ. I can honestly say for price /location / quality this is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in. We were met on arrival and taken up to our room. We checked in inside the room. Our bags were taken up for us. This was such a nice persinal touch. The rooms are v spacious not what we expected We had two adjoining rooms in the corner of the hotel with an internal door which was perfect for our family of five. The rooms were clean , comfortable and had cable tv. This hotel is part of a huge shopping complex called harbour city and has wonderful views of the bay. It is also next to star ferry terminal where we found the tourist info. It is served from the airport by the MTR then a free hotel bus K4 I think but it is all well advertised on arrival .

stayed 4N in Sept

my colleague and I stayed 2 seperate rooms at Marcopolo Hong Kong hotel on the night of 25 July 2008. This hotel was reserved by our supplier as we had an early meeting next morning and their company is on the same compund with walking distance of the hotel. My stay was fine. The room was clean and breakfast was great. I did pay for the 2 rooms with my credit card with the total charge of HKD 3,025. There should not be a problem but I found out on my statement that there was another transaction of HKD 35 charged on my credit card on that same day in which I already paid for them because of direct debit. The hotel charged this amount and got authorization without having a signature on any sales slip. I emailed to the hotel 2 times but yet receive no response. I know it 's only HKD 35 but if it 's not only I that have this problem or the amount could be more. This hotel is nice if you just wan na shop at Ocean Terminal but it is considerbly far from MRT and other malls. The experiences there were great but you could have better things with the same amount of money at another hotel .

this is an excellent business hotel , centrally positioned on Kowloon Road near to &quot ; the action&quot ; on Kowloon. Lovely room on the Colonial Club floor. Tastefully decorated room and bathroom with separate bath and walk-in shower .

i love the place ! I love the location , the service , the people , the price... everything ! If you 're a first-timer in Hong Kong , you should definitely stay in Marco Polo Gateway. It 's all worth it !

stayed for 4 nights , July 2008 on a business trip. Was initially booked into a single room , however , upon check-in , the counter-staff very kindly upgraded me into a deluxe room. Counter-staff were polite and efficient and porters readily stored my luggage for a couple of hours as I arrived on an early flight .

there were some works going on in the street when we stayed there in May. But since we chose a habour view room , everything was great ! The room is spacious and fantastic view of the Victoria Harbour , especially in the evening when all the building are lighten up on HK island. We were on 9th floor. I believe if we chose a higher floor , the view must be even better .

i stayed only one night June 24 en route from China to Los Angeles. I booked a superior room 215 USD on the hotel website and when I arrived I was upgraded to a deluxe room ; huge room with substantial bathroom. Marco Polo HK is always clean and my best bet for staying where I feel safe and can shop and eat nearby at Ocean Center/Gateway shops and Canton Road. I 've stayed here on all my trips to Asia and have not been disappointed. This time my room had a slight musty smell , but that seemed to go away when the air conditioner was turned off ; surprisingly , the room stayed reasonably cool. My experience with the front desk was smooth as was the business office use of internet .

my husband are just back from a 10 night stay in Hong Kong and had a wonderful holiday. We found the Marco Polo to be very accommodating. We selected to stay in the Club floor level and paid extra for a room with a view over the harbour I have to say it was well worth the extra money. The breakfast , afternoon tea and evening buffet and drinks more than made up for the extra cost from the standard rooms and the standards maintained within the Club lounge were excellent. I have to say this level was used more by business people or travelling couples like ourselves , I 'm not convinced it would have been a comfortable experience for children. The layout of the club level is very much old English with the oak panelled walls , china cups and saucers , silver cutlery and white gloved waiters etc , if this is not for you then I would select elsewhere. I would agree the rooms are somewhat dated but at the end of the day they had everything we could have wanted , were large by hong kong standards and more importantly the bed was very comfortable. I would definately return to this hotel. I would also point out the hotel is accessed via a shopping mall containing what would appear to be hundreds of shops to suit all purses so if you like shopping you ca n't go wrong here .

having had the Marco Polo recommended by 2 people we had high expectations for our 2 night stop over. We were disappointed .

stayed here for work in early may - have stayed in various hotels around HK - thought this was ok / mid range - great handy location for star ferry / TST and kowloon , and very big rooms - felt the hotel could do with a bit of tarting up - I think some rooms are substantially better than others , but all clean and comfy - also Obliging / helpful staff

this hotel has a splendid location for shopaholics. The moment you step out from the hotel premise , rows and rows of retail outlets awaits you .

the hotel is in a great location , less than 10 minutes to the ferry terminal , and two streets from Nathan Road. It is joined to a shopping centre with a real assortment of shops....Very expensive designer boutiques down to a supermarket and pharmacist ! The room was a generous size , but rather dated. The bathroom was huge , with the shower over the bath , a toilet and sink set in a vanity unit. There was a safety deposit box in the wardrobe at no charge. Everthing was perfectly clean , and the maid replaced the towels daily. We were on the front of the hotel overlooking the street and I assume the room was triple glazed or soundproofed as it was silent. we were room only , so can not comment on breakfats. The bar is very nice , on the ground floor with big windows looking onto the street .

having booked the Hotel Marco Polo Hongkong mainly due to its location , we were slightly worried given some less than fabulous reviews on tripAdvisor .

the hotel is located at the bottom end of Canton Rd. It is convenienty located close to the Star Ferry and has a free shuttle bus pick up/drop off point next door which takes you to Cowloon MTR ; Very useful if your planning to catch the express train to/from the airport , cos there is no need to push luggage around the street to get to the closest MTR station. I personally loved the convenience of the shuttle service particularly given we had to catch an early flight. First shutte service at 6 : 15am. The room we stayed in was spacious with a separate 'walk in robe ' room where we hung our clothing , stored a suitcase and left all our shopping. The minbar and safe are also in that room .

there may be a better location for a hotel room in Hong Kong , but I doubt it. After reading the TripAdvisor reviews I booked a harbour view room at the Marco Polo , and we were not disappointed. Our room was HUGE - enormous king sized bed , big bathroom , luggage / minibar in a separate little room , and more than enough room left over for my 4-year-old son to have a single bed in the main room .

we stayed for 3 nights having stayed at the Metropark Kowloon last time. The Metropark was too far out of the action so we opted for location this time .

we have just returned from a fantastic holiday which started with a 3 night stay at the fabulous Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel , on Kowloon .

i simply can not fault this hotel. A really great location , in Kowloon and adjacent to the huge Harbour City Shopping Centre. Very close to the Star Ferry which takes you across to Hong Kong Island . Also it is in the heart of the vibrant and incredibly busy shopping areas although I was there at the time of the Chinese New Year .

we stayed here on a 2 night stoppover from Australia to London. The exec floor is decorated as an English Gentleman 's Club - all leather and polished wood - and we think that must have been the source of the smell ! Not exactly nasty , but not exactly pleasant - the entire 17th and 18th floords of this hotel have a distinctive niff ! Other than that the rooms are large and well appointed with nice bathrooms that have plenty of towels. The exec lounge serves breakfast. light lunch , afternoon tea and cocktails and is a pleasant place to wait for your hotel transfer if you have a late night flight back to the UK. The most disappointing feature is the very limited harbour view if you have made a point of booking a harbour view room or suite . You will have a good view into the cruise ship terminal with glimpses of the Hong Kong skyline from side windows - not exactly as advertised ! A reasonable hotel - but I 'd stay at the Langham for the same money .

we stayed at Marco Polo hotels several times , but this is first time at room 865 , which is a deluxe suite .

well , after staying in budget accommodation we splashed out and planned to spend NYE in luxury and let me tell you we were not disappointed .

facade is inviting....great location. Value OK but I 'd not stay again. I travel 200M miles a year..stay in tons of hotels. This not a repeat. Room tired....bad bathroom caulking , tired bed , pillows , bedcover , carpet tatty...pass on it if you can .

my family and I took a cousin from NY to visit Hong Kong just before the Chinese New Year from Feb. 1-3 . I had initially wanted to be in the city in time to see the parade and fireworks , but friends had told me that many businesses would be closed on the dates around the the actual New Year Feb. 7 this year and we 'd be stuck there with no place to go but the hotel. I took their advice and it was well worth it .

we stayed here while on a business trip. 2 days in Hon Kong on our way into the Mainland and 1 day on the way back to the States. The location of the Hotel is great. Easy access to shopping , business meetings and great areas for going out. The breakfast buffet was only o.k. The rooms were TERRIBLE---they smelled of mold. I changed rooms twice and all the rooms smelled the same. I checked with my colleagues and they had the same experience. The hotel was also packed with young people in town to have a party and the staff was n't inclined to ask the drunkards running up and down the hall at 3am to be quiet. Spend $ 40 more per night and get a better hotel .

we were a group of eight traveling together. 5 adults and 3 toddlers - a 3yr-old and 2 2yr-olds. Upon arrival at the &quot ; back entrance&quot ; of the hotel , we were greeted by helpful bell service who took care of our bags right away and even assisted us by holding the door for me as I was carrying my sleeping daughter .

nice hotel along Canton Road .

had high expectations of this hotel was slightly disappointed. It 's not a deluxe hotel by any stretch of the imagination , it probably was in the 1980 's. The hotel has been given a face lift with new soft furnishings , but the furniture and bathroom is still a little dated. Harbour view rooms are worth the upgrade , although you do have to crane your neck for the bright lights of Hong Kong island , I did have a good view of Kowloon harbour though. The hotel is located directly in the designer shopping district and just a 5 minute walk from the Star Ferry which apparently runs every 30 minutes , it cost less than 20p to get across to the Island . Would I stay here again ? Probably not , I would prefer to stay on the Island itself and come across on the ferry to then look back at the Island for the impressive skyline most impressive at night .

i never regretted we stayed in this hotel it was fabulous. Rooms and bathrooms were big and it can easily accommodate a family of four. The location was conveniently located in all shopping malls and restaurants definitely I will be coming back. Great hotel and highly recommended to all .

basically , there 's nothing really extraordinary about this hotel , and i do not mean that in a bad way. it 's not a grand luxury hotel , but it 's really great , comfy and worth the money you paid for .

not so well located , and cabbies will often drop you off at the wrong Marco Polo. Staff very unhelpful .

nice accomodations in good location on Kowloon. Large bathroom , too. River views are spectacular especially at night. Near Ferry to Hong Kong island , other destinations. Room service prompt. Front desk people were a bit indifferent , but could be helpful if pressed .

i stayed here for one week and decided to take a room on the club floor , level 17 , with a harbour views .

me and my 8 yr old son stayed in Room # 1257 for six nights in the first week of November 2007 .

we stayed here on the first leg of our honeymoon in October. The room was nicely furnished and comfortable with a great view of the harbour , though there was a bit of a musty smell , but it was n't too bad. The staff were friendly and helpful and there was a very good selection for breakfast. This is a good standard hotel , but the best thing about it is the location , which is perfect. You are on Kowloon , walkable to Nathan Road and the Peninsula , a short taxi to the Temple Street night market and right by the Star Ferry terminal to go and explore Hong Kong Island. This is the hotel 's real plus point .

have been staying here for a few years. Other then the excellent location this hotel has to offer , there is not much else. Rooms need to be redone , especially the bathrooms. Electrical plugs do not accommodate North American or European plugs , something that most modern hotels have now days. Staff is also not up to par to most so called 4 or 5 star hotels. The large insect I found in my room finally made me realize that this was my last stay at this establishment. There are so many other choices in Kowloon .

we stayed at this hotel for 11 nights during Sept. There were 6 of us , 4 adults and 2 children and we were given rooms at the end of a corridoor which were enormous ! I think we may have been upgraded because they were like a small suite each , with a separate lounge area , bedroom , and dressing room. One had a delightful harbour view , the other did n't , but to be honest we maybe looked at the view once or twice .

the Marco Polo is on Kowloon - the mainland - overlooking Hong Kong island and right on the waterfront. Make sure you ask for a harbour view room because the views are absolutely spectacular. It 's also perfectly positioned right next to the Star Ferry terminal , so getting across to Hong Kong takes no time by ferry the only way to do the crossing ! The hotel has all the amenities you 'd expect and our room was a good size , with plenty of storage and a functional if somewhat uninspiring bathroom the shower is over the bath and generous sink area which is outside the bathroom . But the bed was as hard as nails , so be warned ! We ate in the buffet restaurant for breakfast and dinner one evening - lots of choice and all of it delicious. The hotel also links directly into a vast shopping centre , so it 's dangerously easy to make and carry back your purchases !

we stayed at the Marco Polo Hong Kong for a week from 10th Sept this year. The hotel was fine , nice &amp ; clean and the staff were OK. We 'd read some reviews about the staff and to be honest things did n't sound good but we did n't experience anything like that. We found them all to be pleasant enough .

we spent 2 nights at the Marco Polo Prince enroute from Ireland to Australia. Our room was a good size and comfortably accomodated 2 adults and 2 children .

my husband and I stayed there for 3 nights. The location is great. Rooms are bigger than the other hotels we 've stayed but the bathroom needs update. The services from the staffs were unacceptable for the name and reputation that the hotel carried. The staffs were racially discrimenated. They are actually nicer to foreigners white people than to their natives. When the staffs were spoken to Chinese they rather replied in English. So we were forced to speak English to them rather than in native tongues in order to get a better service. We find this pathetic. Marco Polo should train their staffs better. The staffs needs to learn how to greet their guests and to put a smile on their faces. Now is that very hard for a 5 stars hotel ?

stayed here on 13th - 14th Aug 2007. The check in was a long drawn out annoying affair with a poor english speaking unwelcoming receptionist. One of the main reasons I booked this hotel was because of the outdoor pool in the very hot and humid heat of the Hong Kong summer. I was annoyed to find a discreet note in my room explaining that the pool was closed for renovations until 2/11/07. A poor decision by management - why not December , January etc ? Rather annoying when you have 2 young kids keen to swim ! ! If I had known about this closure I would have cancelled. I was not notified unsurprisingly. When I asked the receptionist I was told that I had could use an indoor pool in a local YMCA ! . Not what I expect for a supposed 4 star hotel. The room was not bad however the bathroom was tiny and in bad need of renovation. The only positive thing about this hotel was its superb location. I would not stay here again though , far better in Hong Kong .

unfriendly Front Desk Staff Check-in Counter Personnel Very Arrogant Front Liner. I only asked this guy named Nathan if our room has a nice view , the answer I got was &quot ; Do n't expect a nice view for this rate , superior room booking with matching very arrogant facial expression . He even started a confrontation when i reacted by the way she treated us my husband and i . I CA N'T recommend this hotel. They even have this pin with &quot ; service with smile logo&quot ; but they the hotel staff do n't even practice it. Beware of that arrogant guy named NATHAN. He ruined our 4day trip to Hong Kong. Even though we reported him to the duty manager Johnny Ng the manager did not do anything to discipline his staff. Everytime we go out of the hotel during our stay in Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel this guy keeps on watching us with his provocative eyes. We will never ever stay in that Hotel again. VERY VERY POOR IN CUSTOMER SERVICE .

i always stay at the marco polo. How can you go wrong when it is beside Lane Crawford and cuts through Ocean Terminal and the Ferry boats. The rooms are clean and decent. They just refurbished but kept the height and spread of the rooms so you are not too claustrophobic . Service is good and the front desk is quite accomodating. i got an upgrade and did not even have to ask for one. I have been to this hotel as a single traveller , with friends , and once with two kids. Never had a problem with anything except for too much shopping .

close to so many highlights in the city , but hotel is quite old. Needs a good renovation. I am picky when it comes to bathrooms and was n't entirely happy with it. The bedrooms are ok. Good for a short stay. The best thing about it is its location , but the hotel needs a good make-over .

i had chosen to stay at Marco Polo Gateway as we wanted to stay at a hotel ideally near or within a mall. I was with my baby and my not-too-active parents so it was an excellent choice. We also wanted a hotel with big beds as there were 3 adults and one baby in our room and having previously stayed at Gateway before , I was confident that the beds were huge and the room was spacious think it is bigger than Prince for the same price . Based on previous reviews , I was fearful of getting a bad room. Well , our room was clean , did n't smell funny , had clean carpets room 704 . It had 2 queen beds and plenty of space for our luggages too. My only complaint was that there was no complementary bottled water and I found the beds too hard. I noticed though that my parents ' room 714 had two double beds slightly smaller than ours so if combined , probably only 3 adults could fit comfortably. Location was ideal - I got to shop and could easily bring down my bought items down to my room and then go out shopping again. Meanwhile , my parents , hubby and baby could easily go back to our hotel rooms whenever they wanted to take a snooze. It was unbelievably hot in Hong Kong at least 31 degrees C so staying inside an airconditioned mall during the day was a treat. The only con I can say is that the mall is more of an upscale one Gucci , Burberry , etc. so that means you still have to go out into the streets to get your Giordanos , Bossinis , etc. While there are other budget-friendlier hotels in Kowloon , Gateway is ideal for large familes and those travelling with kids .

the location is the only thing they have going for them. The rooms were outdated. The pool and fitness center were closed. I had trouble getting assistance at the concierge desk and the breakfast was horrible. It is only of the best locations. Walking distance to the Star Ferry , shopping and a short cab ride to the night markets. More expensive than the rest of china but affordable. Highly reccomend the city but not the hotel until it has been renovated .

the Marco Polo Hongkong Hotel is about what you 'd expect for the price and hotel class , though in need of some renovation work. There is certainly nothing outstanding about it , but then there is nothing awful about it either .

great place to stay with fantastic harbour view rooms ! The restaurant was lovely with a nice atmosphere. Location was excellent close to Star Ferry and lots of shops. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay and will return without a doubt .

the foyer of the hotel is luxurious but the rooms are tired and very dirty. Carpet was the sort your feet stick to ! ! We were offered an upgrade at a price but as we were only here for a few nights and were sightseeing all day we did n't bother. Location is however wonderful - walking distance of the Star ferry and on top of the shops. There was a free shuttle bus from the Kowloon station and on our journey to the airport we were able to check in our luggage at the station and then catch the train without lugging our cases. Hong Kong was just great - a good start to our 3 month round the world trip .

stayed here 8th to the 14th of June. We received an automatic Harbour View room upgrade via our travel agent because we stayed more than 3 nights 6 to be exact . I read each and every one of the reviews already posted re this hotel before confirming the booking. The hotel gets mixed reviews as you can see and there were some worries e.g. smelly rooms , unhelpful staff etc - but I have to say that our experience was very positive. We had a lovely large room 857 with a beautiful view. It was clean and very comfortable no smells at all . The bathroom and vanity area were very nice and yes there were signs of wear and tear but only minor and I do n't expect any hotel to refurb their rooms on an annual basis .

i have just returned from a 10 day stay at the Marco Polo Hong Kong hotel. If I ever return to Hong Kong I would definitely consider staying at this hotel again. The front entrance to the hotel is actually in a street like Sloane Street in Chelsea as it is packed with designer shops. In fact it is right next door to Louis Vuitton. Marco Polo Prince and Gateway are also in the same street. The back entrance to the hotel which you get to by walking around the side of the Lobby Lounge bar actually leads you to a huge shopping mall , the harbour area , and the entrance to the famous Star Ferry. We actually used the back entrance to the hotel more than the front as it is a lot nicer to walk out and see the harbour than a busy main road. The hotel is also well placed to see the nightly 8pm harbour light show .

i stayed at the Marco Polo Hongkong for 3 nights in late March. After reading some of the reviews on here after booking it I was a little apprehensive however our experience was excellent. The location is second to none and the staff were very helpful. The rum bar in the lobby is excellent. They are just completing re-furbishments of the pool area which means that there are no gym facilities but the pool is fine .

this was our first trip to Hong Kong and we were staying at the Marco Polo Hong Kong because we had won three nights in an auction. We extended our stay to 6nights as I am sure you will agree it is a very long way to go just for 3 nights we also took along our 16 year old daughter who shared our room. I have nothing negative to say about this hotel. Our trip was 1st class from start to finish. Starting with our journey from the airport in the hotels chaffeur driven merc , the offer of bottled water when we got into the car at the airport was a well received gesture. The staff were waiting for the car to arrive and from that point our luggage was taken care of and was delivered to our room immediately . We were escorted to our room which over looked the harbour and as it was the chinese new year we had a fantastic view from our room of the fireworks. A nice touch was having the bed covers turned every evening , although a chocolate would have been nice. The tea , coffee and bottled water were replemished everyday,as was the tolietries. The location of this hotel sold it to us. I do n't know if we had a lovely room with a view because of the auction win but it made our 1st trip to HK very enjoyable , if I had a complaint it would be the cost and standard of the breakfast , at approx Â £ 15 each I thought it was expensive for a full english and although 3 nights included the breakfast for the remaining nights we chose to have breakfast in the surrounding eaterys i.e mcdonalds starbucks and others in the mall. I would love to stay at this hotel again if we could guarantee the same standard of room as we have just had but I have an open mind reading some of the other reviews but I can only speak as I found and therefore I if only recommend this hotel for nothing else it 's location location location it stands right next to the star ferries which go backwards and forwards to Hong Kong Island and I suggest that when travelling around HK you get yourselves a octpus card which you are charged a fee for and like the oyster cards in London you put money on these cards but unlike London when you have finished if you have n't used all the money on the cards you will get a refund on these cards and you also get the initial fee returned you can use the card on trains buses and ferries and all of the transport around HK is cheap including the taxis. Our trip ended with the limo taking us back to airport and has we had a very late flight back to London we able to stay in our room untill 9pm which was close to the time we were being collected for the airport .

at the first , I booked the standard room through the asiabesthotel.com but it was too small and has no space for the extra bed,so they said the extra bed is $ 350/night but if we upgrade to the deluxe room is $ 650 more /night and it was include a extra bed so we did. we stayed at a deluxe room 3-19-07 thru 3-22-07 with my parent and my 2 years old son. also on 3-25-07. the twin beds were not enough for 3 and half people. so we had to ask for the extra bed. the room definately need to be updated , smells of the room like humid mold...but the location was very convienient and service of the hotel was helpful. all the furnitures are very very old... but it doe n't means antique everything we could bear but the smell of the room was quite bothering whenever we come in. next time we will try other hotel , I do not want to recommend this hotel to anyone .

i 've stayed here a few times , as this is where my parents stay when on business in HK. It 's a great hotel , right next to the Star Ferry in Kowloon , and is hugely cheaper than its Island counterparts. On my first visit to HK in 2001 I stayed in a hotel in North Point , which was just too far away from Central .

this hotel is fine if you are just planning to spend little time in your room and head out to explore Hong Kong. Its decor is not much to write home about and it is a faceless hotel located in the middle of a shopping mall but very convenient for exploring Kowloon and the Star Ferry to hong Kong Island. The breakfasts were great and staff friendly enough and very accommodating .

my mum and I stayed at the Marco Polo HK for 7 nights and loved it. We booked through BA website for a good rate and were also upgraded to a Harbour View Deluxe room on check in , which was spacious with a pantry room to store luggage and clothes and to make drinks , a big bathroom and a study area. The room had a beautiful view of HK Island and was a really good spot for watching the 8 : 00pm laser shows and the Star Ferry coming and going .

we have just stayed at the Marco Polo Hotel Hong Kong the biggest one of the three Marco polos in Hong Kong and were very disappointed. Staff were rather cheeky with flippant comments , service very slow and we did not get the deluxe harbour view rooms we paid for and ordered ours overlooked a noisy construction site !

for a supposedly four-star hotel that charges that much , we were a little disappointed for what we paid for .

i was excited to go and stay at the Marco Polo HK Hotel bec it 's supposedly better than Gateway. Whenever we go to HK , we stay at the Marco Polo Gateway. We were happy with the rooms/suite they gave us before. When my husband contacted the MPHK to book 2 rooms for Feb07 , we were assured a free upgrade to a deluxe room. They gave us a confirmation number and all .

because of staying in the hotel for one week my travel agency had guaranteed an upgrade to a suite. At checkin they gave me a harbour room without any comment. Never stayed in a suite. So I realized the situation not till the last day. The management told me that my room had the same value than a suite - which is not true. At the end I did n't have to pay for 5 breakfasts. Not at all a real compensation .

as other people have said the rooms really need to be refurbished but we were only there to sleep and it was fine for that. The bath/shower leaked so after every shower we had to lay towels on the floor but housekeeping always provided new towels and everything clean every time we returned to our room .

we spent a total of 9 days in the Marco Polo Hongkong broken by a trip to Beijing and it was excellent. Our first 4 days were booked into a standard suite which did not have a harbour view did n't really care as we saw it every time we stepped outside but had a bedroom , lounge , desk area , dressing room - tons of space for the 3 of us. It also allowed my son to go to bed , and my husband and I could sit in the living room and have a few dinks without disturbing him. a bonus if travelling with young kids

aaaaahh ! very ugly room. but it has a very nice location .

stayed here 22nd - 25 Nov 2006. Nice , clean hotel. Spacious room with nice view but may need to get at least 15th floor and above and of course facing the harbour. Connected to a large shopping centre. Very convenient - near to MTR subway , near the harbour to Hong Kong Island , Near to shopping area ie Nathan Road etc .

on arrival at 1030 at night it was great to see how big the room was regular harbour view how clean it was and how efficiently it was designed. Our first view of out of the window was spectactular even late at night. As the harbour is one of the many interesting places of the city it was wonderful to be able to look at it on awakening and day and night whenever we were in our room. The staff were very pleasent and very helpful especially the housekeeping staff who responded to our requests almost instantly .

stayed here as part of honeymoon. Hotel is in a good location with a huge amount of shopping on your doorstep. Has the atmosphere of a busy inner city hotel , geared up for the business traveller. However , we found no problems with the hotel during our stay .

this is without doubt one of the worst experiences we have ever had at a supposed world class hotel On arrival we discovered they had somehow cancelled our booking in July although they had confirmed with travel agent in November. We were told to &quot ; go away&quot ; as they were full and we did n't have a reservation. They then demanded that we pay for the night which of course we refused and after much discussion they allowed us to go to a room. 3 adults in a room not much bigger than a closet and only 2 single beds ! After we made several phone calls back to Australia and 24 hours later eventually the hotel admitted we did in fact have a reservation and we could stay in the closet sized room for the 15 day stay we had paid for. We of course refused and demanded the room we had paid for and finally had a real sized room although not a harbour view as we were expecting. Their website states the have queen sized beds. They do n't they have 2 single beds and if you have 3 people you get a roll out for the 3rd.. The rooms were tardy and dirty and the staff were all rude and grumpy. We had been advised we could move to a harbour view room for the last 5 days which we accepted. It was also dirty and dusty and the air con was broken. We had blasting freezing cold air and it took 2 days to get a heater in the room. The bathroom leaked so every shower flooded the bathroom the toilet leaked and the plugs did n't work in the sink or the bath. They did n't seem to be bothered and not willing to fix anything. We will not be staying here ever again and we would not recommend this hotel .

stayed at MPHK in Sep. 3 ladies on a week of shopping and having fun. Upgraded to a Suite to give us more room but should have got a Harbourview room. Suite had outdated furniture and no view. Great position - direct access from hotel into a great shopping centre. Housekeeping ladies were a lot of fun , helpful and very pleasant. Our biggest gripe was with the concierge/porter staff. Every day we came in with our shopping trolleys/carts full to the brim &amp ; quite heavy. The staff all stood around &amp ; watched us struggle to open the doors , struggle down the couple of steps , trundle thru the foyer &amp ; up the next couple fo steps. We only got service when we banged the carts down the steps and made that much noise that everyone , including the check-in guests , turned to see what all the noise was. I think our next trip to HK we will try another hotel - pity as MPHK was strongly recommended .

great location , great staff , great breakfast , fabulous room...just an amazing place to stay and well priced ! No problems at all !

i can only endorse other reviews sugesting the hotel is in dire need of a makeover. The rooms are spacious enough , but they show signs of age. On arrival ther was a notice in the room apologizing in advance for the noise they were going to make while they were doing renovations .

welcome to the most over-airconditioned city in the world. The Marco Polo is no exception either. It 's a very beautiful hotel with a great buffet breakfast - very classy. It 's so close to the Avenue of Stars and the Ferry. You can access all the major attractions either by subway or by foot. Shopping is also very close to the hotel as the ladies market and the &quot ; local&quot ; market are nearby. I went to Bridal Alley and it was a zoo in there but lots of fun .

we stayed at the Marco Polo from 12/9 to 17/9 2006. On check in we were extremely frustrated especially after travelling such a long distance from the UK that they had allocated us a twin smoking room. We then entered into a rather protracted and tired conversation to try and obtain a double room as this is what had been booked and it was our honeymoon ! and a non-smoking room. At one point we were told we would have to wait a further 2-3 hours to check in to get such a room we arrived at about 4.30pm which was not particularly early but the reception desk then managed to find us a room. Unfortunately the whole experience tainted the start of our visit as we did n't really feel as if they were trying to help us - if we had n't had pushed so hard for the room change i doubt we would have got anything out of them .

my partner and I have just returned from an amazing 7 night stay at the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel. What can I say ? The hotel was wonderful , staff were helpful and accomodating but not in any way rude or intrusive. We were very aprehensive about staying at this hotel after reading a mixture of reviews on trip advisor but rest assured none of it was true ! well not in our case anyway. We were upgraded to a suite on arrival copmplete with dressing room lounge and office , our entire room service bill for the week was under Â £ 200 which considering the amount of cocktails we drank at the bar and full english breakfasts delivered to our room every day , we felt was pretty reasonable ! In fact we enjoyed the Marco Polo so much we have just booked another holiday there next March which we plan to combine with a week in Beijing. Chinas an amazing country and the Marco Polo hong kong hotel was the icing on the cake !

priot to travelling we had read a previous travellers review of the hotel and were really apprehensive about our stay. We arrived and were pleasantly surprised and impressed by the hotel and the amenities. We had an executive suite which was spacious with a livingroom ,kitchen , dressing room , large bedroom and spacious bathroom. The location of the hotel was exellent - close to the Star Ferry terminal - a walk through the Gateway Mall- a short distance from the MTR and if you take the elevator to the second floor and get off there for the mall - there is a great coffe shop for superb affordable breakfasts . The room were clean and the bedding and towels changed daily.The reception and concierge staff were friendly and helpful. We used the MTR to get around Hong Kong from visiting the Hong Kong Disney ,Po Lin Monastery , Causeway Bay , Temple Street , Ladies Market and Victoria Peak via the Star Ferry-you name it we did it ! ! There is a fabulous outdoor Chinese street outdoor eatery at Temple Street Market which is no frills but the food is absolutely magnificent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Will we return to Hong Kong and stay at the Marco PoloGateway ? The answer has to be yes ! ! !

just came back after 10 days in Hong Kong - staying at MPHK. We were very nervous after reading some of the negative reviews but all I can think of is &quot ; Where did these people stay ? ! ! &quot ; We 'd been upgraded to a suite , breakfast included - fantastic because it was a good breakfast in a city where food is expensive ! Hotel staff were great , our room was fabulous - we really appreciated the extra room !

the last week of July 2006 we stayed for 6 nights at the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel in Kowloon. Because I was traveling with my son I wanted to have a room , which was large enough for us to spread out but still reasonable in price. After reviewing several options we choose a one-bedroom suite at the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel. Our check in was very smooth and upon arriving at our suite found the view of an apartment building and a little bit of the Pool Courtyard. We were warned in advance the suite 's did not have much of a view so we new what to expect. What do they say in Real Estate , &quot ; Location , Location , and Location&quot ; ? This hotel has one of the best locations in Hong Kong. It is located in the core hub of Kowloon right at the Star Ferry terminal. For those of you who need the western comforts do n't worry there is a Starbucks , 7-Eleven and a McDonald 's in the next building. The hotel is showing it 's age but still the rooms were very well kept. Exceptionally clean and pleasantly decorated. The A/C worked very well almost two well. The only reason I did not give this visit an excellent rating occurred when a problem developed in the A/C and was not handled very well by the management. On our second morning when I awoke , I noticed the A/C had leaked overnight onto the desk in the Parlor of the suite. It had ruined a number of documents on the desk and got my digital camera wet. This was a steady drip not just a few drops. The Manager on duty was summoned along with the Chief Engineer and stated they will fix the leak while we were out and if the camera was ruined offered to buy me a new one. Thank goodness the camera was fine , so we went off on our venture and returned around 5 : 00 PM. , to a cleaned up room and an A/C that was not leaking. The third morning I was up early out working on my computer in the parlor when it started to rain on my computer and me. I quickly summoned the Front Office Manager and he said they thought they had fixed the problem but when I started to rain in my room something was very wrong. The FOM stated for the inconvenience they would like to move us up the Club level this afternoon so when we returned from sightseeing please check in at the desk for your new key. He also said that they would move all or luggage and have it in the new suite. We quickly packed up and left our shower stall and went out sightseeing. When we returned around 5 : 00 PM , we were handed a key for a suite on the third floor. I explained to the Desk Manager that we were told by the FOM that we would be up graded to a suite on the Club Level. She said she did not know anything about that and we would have to take that option. I pressed her to contact the FOM and after 15 minutes of back and forth they finally stated that they did not have a suite on the Club Level but for one night we would have to sleep in a double double. The following day they would move us to a suite up on that floor. We agreed and were taken to a very nice room with a view on the Club Level. The thing that really set me off was after we got settled in , my son and I went down to the lounge for some snacks and a soda , only to be informed in front of everyone in the lounge , that because we were only upgraded to the Club Floor and that we did not pay for the Club Floor therefor , we did not have the privilege of using the Lounge and asked us to leave. I found the actions by Management after we had been inconvenienced and told that we were being upgraded to the Club Floor and then to be embarrassed and thrown out of the lounge like we were second class citizens , to be so out of character for a first class hotel like the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel. The following afternoon were moved to the same suite we had on a lower floor but this was on the Club Floor without the Club Floor Amenities. That decision by the FOM left such a bad impression on us that the Marco Polo Management team might want to rethink in the future what impact , an egg role and a can of soda would mean to their bottom line. I travel all over the world and I have never been treated like that .

we stopped at the Marco Polo Gateway Hong Kong it was an excellent hotel very good service. Everyone was very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. I would recommend the Marco Polo Gateway not just for the hotel itself but fot the location it was ideal. We were on kowloon side and just had a short walk around the corner to get to the ferry to take us to Hong Kong. We both loved this. Everything we saw and did in Honk Kong was really good. Temple Street market was my favourite for browsing and lots of bargains to be had. We caught the ferry to Lantau Island to see the huge Buddha the weather was awful but just as we were about to leave the skies cleared what a memorable sight. My husband does not eat chinese food but we found the resteraunts cheap and the people more than helpful in explaining the menus. Everywhere was easy to get too we went to Victoria Peak on the Tram this was another fabulous experience , we went late afternoon and then saw all the lights turn on in the harbour. We went for a week along way to go from the U.K but I would recommend it to anyone. A fabulous place .

just completed a 6 night stay...our 6th trip to Hong Kong in five years , all for leisure visits to our favorite city on the planet. This was our 4th stay at the Marco Polo Hong Kong. This time we booked through Pleasant Holidays and received a free suite upgrade plus daily breakfast for less than we would have paid for a standard room and no breakfast if we 'd booked directly through the Marco Polo website .

we stayed 3 nights at the Marco Polo Hong Kong hotel. My first impression of the hotel was that it was a little bit dated and in need of a refurb and not quite as grand as it appeared in the travel brochure. However , our room was very large with a sitting room and a walk in wardrobe and was generally very comfortable .

stayed at the Marco Polo Hong Kong with my wife and daughter 13/14 June. Had read quite a few reviews on the hotel from trip advisor before asking travel agent to book us in. Never been to Hong Kong before and was using it as a stop over for trip to Australia. Hotel very clean and quite smart , set in the Harbour Plaza shopping mall which is enormous , staff were reasonably friendly and polite but a little bit rigid if you asked for anything outside the box. Had previously emailed them prior to arrival so that extra bed could be put in our room for our 8 year old daughter , this had not been done which was annoying but we decided to upgrade the room to a Harbour View... well worth it extra 800 hong kong dollars for the two nights about Â £ 60 but if you book for 3 nights now you automatically get upgraded. Room spacious bed very comfortable good bathroom and shower but aircon can get a little chilly at night. Overall very good reasonably priced great location and staff ameniable. Gripps american resturant in hotel is good value great for kids staff excellent also Dan Ryans Grill in Plaza Shopping Mall staff superb food very good and priced well. Would go again .

was in Hongkong last March and we stayed at the Marco Polo Gateway and enjoyed our stay there , there room and bathroom was big and spacious. As we planned our return and decided to stay at the Marcopolo Hongkong we thought it would be much better as we paid more than we did our last stay and those that have stayed there said that it is better. When we got there , the one checking us in wasnt as accomodating and was charging us more for a connecting room which we originally booked. The rooms were much smaller than the ones at Gateway , we got duvet sheets at gateway where as wool blankets and thin worn out sheets at the Hongkong hotel. I just expected that it would be nicer. Next time i would just stay at the Gateway .

here on business + couple of days vacation tacked on , staff are really helpful and friendly and the location is fantastic for shopping and the ferry over to Hong Kong Island. I feel mean saying this but the top floor 17th floor business suites sure smells peculiar , a musty dampness , maybe dry rot or something , that hits you the second you step out of the elevator. Our room is not too bad but we are as far away from the lobby as you can get. A colleague had to change rooms as they were concerned about getting lung infections , their room you just could not have slept in. Maybe it depends what side of the hotel you are on , when I asked the staff about the smell they said it was from &quot ; high tea&quot ; . Yeah , I dont think so ! I would request a lower floor if travelling soon , or have it verified that the problem has been fixed .

after a week long staying in a crappy hotel in Taipei , MPG is heaven. The only problem we had was during check-in. I was offered an earlier flight into HK and upon arriving MPG , I was told that there was no available room yet. That I 'll have to wait about 2 1/2 hrs before I can check-in , which was fine since MPG is near malls , stores , restaurants and 7-Eleven. So to kill time I walked around the area .

me and my family stayed at marco polo gateway because we were told that it 's one of the best in hong kong and so we decided to give it a try. we booked 2 rooms and upon check-in , was given only one room. the reception staff explained that the 2nd room was being cleaned and would be available an hour later. it took them 3 hours to clean the room and they did not even make up for their inefficiency. on our second to the last day , we requested for late checkout and they gave us only until 1pm ! we even had to point out that on our first day , we waited 3 hours for the second room , and so they extended until 2pm. the room was clean but it needed renovating. i think the marco polo prince is a newer hotel , and just 2 buildings away .

i stayed in the Marcopolo Hongkong hotel in October 2005 as part of a 2 week trip to Hong kong , Shenzhen and Guangzhou. I can honestly say that the marcopolo was one of the serious Highpoints of the trip. We stayed in a harbour view room , but not on the club floor .

this hotel is unbeatable when it comes to location. It 's on the ground floor of a great mall and right in the middle of everything the minute you step out into the street. It 's about a 5-10 minute walk to the star ferry a great and inexpensive way to go to the other side of the harbor and to the nearest MTR subway station on Nathan Road. Though it might not be as posh as the other newer hotels in the block , Marco Polo still have good rooms , clean , spacious , reasonably priced. The personal hotel safe is a big deal for me , it makes me feel secure leaving valuables in the room while I 'm out shopping. Lots of good restaurants/holes-in-the-wall around the area.Good breakfast at Maxims across the street . If you take the airport express to Kowloon , a free shuttle will take you to the hotel and back .

the good points -- In a very convenient location in Kowloon , very helpful staff .

stayed at the Marco Polo Hong Kong for 5 nights in their harbour view room. Everything was fantastic. The room was beautifully furnished and very clean. The bed was very comfortable to sleep on. Room was serviced twice a day so it was always clean and tidy after a hard days sighseeing. Room was also quite large in comparison to other hotels. The harbour view was beautiful at night , would highly recommend. Service and staff was consistently courteous and speedy. Location was also very handy , just around the corner from Nathan Rd and right on top of Harbour City shopping centre and the star ferry. Without doubt would stay at this hotel again. We were extremely happy with all aspects .

we had been at this hotel before and we enjoyed our stay last time. So we booked again for 2 nights in March. However , we do not receive a better service this time. First of all , we were given the smallest size of deluxe room after the staff reported that the hotel were quite full. Eventually , they did change to another bigger room for us after we asked another receptionist who was more polite than the first one. When we asked for an extra blanket and pillows , I never see the housekeeper who was so miserable and rude. My husband actually prepared the tips for her if she would smile a little and friendly enough. What a pity ! ! The room had a very musty odour and the beds were hard like a rock. I would say this is our last time to stay when you received such a service at the hotel. We did stay other hotels in Hong Kong during our vacation and we did receive a better service .

viewed recent postings with interest and some trepidation before our trip to Hong Kong.It seems reviewers either hated The Marco Polo or loved it. Have visited HK many times and 4 * hotels are generally excellent. Upon arrival at The Marco Polo reception stated &quot ; we would like to upgrade you to Harbour view room&quot ; resulting in Breakfast included , duvet instead of blankets and obviously a Harbour View. When we accepted gratefully we were told that this would cost HK $ 300 extra per night. I find this annoying. This is not upgrading , it is quite clearly salesmanship.We declined and were alloted two rooms we were a party of two married couples on the 15th Floor. When asked if these were affected by noise of building works she feigned ignorance of any such noise .

recently stayed at this hotel for a family vacation. The lobby was nice and was a great introduction to the hotel. Upon check-in we were offered a room upgrade which included 2 free adult breakfasts which we readily accepted. We were given a room on the 9th floor which provided a gorgeous view of the harbor as well as the skyline. The staff was very friendly and even turned down our bed while we were out. Overall a nice experience and would stay there again .

overall , I enjoyed my stay the Marco Polo. As many reviewers have already stated the location is terrific. It is central to all of Kowloons shopping and sights , with easy access to the star ferry , and a bus to Stanley that stops right outside. The lobby and common areas have been renovated and everything looks fresh and upbeat. I was given a room on the 14th floor. I believe it was one of the larger deluxe rooms , though I had booked a superior room. It certainly was large enough and did n't smell too musty a common problem in Hong Kong . It was feeezing though , even after I turned off the A/C and turned up the room temp. Brrr. There is really no view from this property at all so do n't expect much. The concierge and staff were polite and helpful ; breakfast was decent. If you can get a good rate here , I would give it a try , it is tons less $ $ than the Sheraton and other Tsim Sha Tsui hotels , and it is certainly a pleasant stay .

i will try and be as constructive as possible regarding this review but obviously , these are my personal views and are therefore by nature , slightly biased...Slightly !

i stayed here in late February for four nights. I booked the least expensive room online , and at check-in asked if they could upgrade , and was given a harbor view room on a high floor. The room was very large , which is not too common in Hong Kong , with plenty of space for luggage and a good desk for working , with high-speed internet cable on the desk costs about $ 15/24 hours . The room was very clean and quiet , even though I see construction below. Staff very responsive and professional. The location is excellent , with 3 shopping malls connected to the hotel , and a 5 minute walk to Nathan Road shopping. The subway is a 5 minute walk. The Star ferry to HK Island is next door. The gym is small but decent and there is a nice pool area. The breakfast buffet in the cafe is ok , but a bit pricey , but I actually prefer the Starbucks around the corner. There are literally hundreds of restaurants within a 5 minute walk .

this was the most fantastic end to our Oceania cruise Singapore to Hong Kong . We,re a party of 4 ladies celebrating 2 birthdays , we stayed 3 nights at the Continental floor of this hotel that I warmly reccommend. The Harbour view room was big and comfy maybe the bathroom was a bit oldfashioned , but I adored the duck in the tub and the view was unforgettable ; concierge and employees most attentives , and the Continental lounge full breakfast , tea and soup , drinks and hors-d,oeuvres was more than enough so we could spend all our time shopping in the mall just some floors below...the Star Ferry to the Island is 2 steps away and a lovely shop Chinese Arts and Crafts is round the corner. We got a fair rate for our fantastic room 1900HK $ plus tax and they allowed a superlate checkout 19.00pm which is a plus , as most planes back West leave at midnight .

stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in January , as previously stated in other reviews , the position is excellent. Right next door to the star ferry terminal. and fabulous shoppping centres and markets nearby. However at the back of the hotel is a huge building site which starts at 6am with diggers and other loud machinery. The site looks like it will be going on for some time , it appears to be another hotel being built. It may be that if you had a room facing the front of the hotel you wouldnt get the noise from the building site , but it is on a very busy main road. The rooms although spacious do smell fusty. Even though the location is good , personally I 'd give this one a miss , there are plenty of hotels in Hong Kong !

    not the hotel. We stayed at the Marco Polo Hong Kong in a superior triple room share for 17 days in January 2006. On the positive side the position of the hotel is outstanding. It is right next to Star Ferry , surrounded by a huge range of designer shops and connected to Ocean Terminal one of the largest shopping malls in Hong Kong . From the Ocean Terminal you have access to Gateway Arcade another amazing huge shopping complex. It is just a 5 minute walk to the MTR station Tsim Sha Tsui and Nathan Road. Unfortunately , I have to say that in all other respects it really was n't that great. The rooms are tired and shabby looking and smelt like a mix of musty dankness and furniture polish. The lampshades , pictures , refreshment tray &amp ; mini bar place mats were very dusty and dirty and the overall room cleanliness was not good. I do n't think the room was vacuumed properly once in 17 days. The room was cold and the air-conditioning ineffective taking hours to warm up slightly. The water-hammer was so loud we thought people were slamming or banging on doors until we worked out what it was. The supplies were stingy - one small soap for three people - we had to call housekeeping to supply more. The staff were polite but not friendly. The food was mostly ordinary , served luke warm and expensive although the lobby lounge set menu deal was good value and the staff there were noticeably more friendly and attentive. The wait for a lift can be quite long - bring a book. It is not a place I 'd recommend to the fastidious - although if you get a really good rate which we did and do n't plan to spend much time there the position alone might be worth the other problems. It has the potential to be a really good hotel - it just falls short on the details. I notice the people who have written good reviews were in harbour view rooms and suites so it sounds like it is worth paying more to upgrade if you do stay there .

i am a regular visitor to HK- approximately 3x per year - and on this trip I stayed at the Marco Polo Gateway. The Gateway is one of three Marco Polo Hotels located on Canton Road. The location is great but the hotel is desperately in need of a refurbishment. I stayed for 6 nights on business and had to ask for a room change as the one allocated â € “ 9th floor- had a bathroom too run down and old to be hygienic . I was moved to a 13th floor room which was slightly better. There is no Pool or Gym in this hotel so you have to walk to the Hong Kong Hotel if you want to use these facilities.Hotel staff are very obliging as in all the Marco Polo Hotels. I would normally stay at the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel which has been under renovation for the last few years. Only marginally more expensive but much nicer rooms and right next to the Star Ferry .

i stayed at the Marco Polo Hong Kong Hotel Jan 10-13 .

we stayed in this hotel in December for three nights , as a stop off on our way to Australia. We loved the location of it , right bang in the centre of Kowloon , and a two minute walk to the Star ferry .

having stayed at the Marco Polo Gateway I am member of the Tai Pan Club many times , it is evident that unless you book at the Continental Club on the very upper levels of the hotel you can end up with less than satisfactory service , as well as less than good value for money. Hong Kong is very price competitive , with some of the finest hotels in the world , so it is not difficult to ensure that you get a good deal through negotitation. On the Continental floor one gets all sort of extra priveleges , although it does cost considerably more. The FREE break fast ; drinks and snacks is well worth the extra cost .

we booked a room for 2 nights using the hotel 's website. It was priced HKD1,400 per nite for a harbour view room. We stayed on the 14th Floor .

we stayed here in December 05 at the end of a long holiday in NZ. This was a stopover on the way home and we had booked here on the recommendation in a holiday brochure that stated this was 4 star plus .

we stayed here early in December and I expected better than it was. The Hotel room was average with a pretty dull view at a building site across the road. The room was very cold even with the air conditioning turned to maximum. The heaters in the air conditioning unit did not appear to be working and after 2 days of being frozen I was given an oil filled radiator after complaining. The staff were pleasant enough , but not friendly. The room was very noisy due to the traffic in the busy street below and the building site across the road , but the windows are only single glazed- I think Double glazing would have kept the noise down. Service was not excellent we left our room one morning at 08 : 00 and left the tag asking for the room to be made up and it was still not done at 5pm. Housekeeping then phoned me to ask if they could service the room but could not tell me why it was not serviced during the day while we were out. I would definitely not stay here again in the future - for the prices the Hotel charge I expected much better .

i usually stay at the excellent Langham Place when I work in Hong Kong , but it was full and the only hotel I could find with availability was this one. The lobby area was fine , but the rooms were very shabby &amp ; dated and the hotel needs to be remodelled. Depite the dated styling , I did find the design of the room quite practical - I could store my travel bag at waist height instead of having to bend to get into it and there was plenty of cupboard space. Internet connection in the room was fine. Minibar was not very well stocked - but if you go into the adjacent shopping mall the hotel is in the same building and to the top floor there is an excellent supermarket follow signs for CitySuper , with large choice of international food and snacks. Special mention goes to the 'institutional ' bathroom , like something out of death row , but again if you look past the dated styling , everything worked ok. I know that some say the tiles were grotty - I 'd say the grouting is just old as opposed to dirty ! I travelled to this hotel with a Scottish Colleague who found it hilarious that the Scottish Themed Tartan Bar only had two choices of whisky - both of them very bog- standard ! Gave us a laugh anyway !

we stayed at the Marco Polo for 7 nights We had two Harbour rooms on the 16th Floor. Just the best view of HK. The hotel is old but the rooms were in fantastic condition Our room was smallish but still comfortable Our Adult daughters did much better their room adjoining ours was huge even by Aussie standards complete with lounge area and huge walk in robe

rooms were drab , dreary and constantly smelled of mildew. Location was ok but Central district may have been a better place to stay .

my wife and I stayed here after 3 months backpacking , and I must say , it was amazing .

just got back from HK and had a brilliant time. Stayed at the MPHK and I must say I was extremely impressed with the hotel. Situated near the Star Ferry Pier and part of the Harbour City complex it was the most convienient hotel for the hardcore shopperholic. Harbour City is a huge shopping complex that joins onto the Gateway shopping arcade. Seriously you dont even have to leave the complex - everything you can imagine is in the complex. If ur a woman there are so many designer clothing boutiques you seriously dont have to go anywhere else. Across the road is at least 3 other shopping arcades with some more designer clothing boutiques. Check out Lane Crawford I think thats what its called , my memory is a bit vague its a huge department store with every designer label imaginable and it is right next door to the hotel you can actually enter from the foyer of the hotel .

we stayed in the Marco Polo for just 2 nights , and could n't really fault it .

set in the heart of bustling TST , right next to Star Ferry , this place is well located and well appointed .

great location with direct access to a fantastic shopping mall , easy walk to the Star Ferry and Nathan Rd in Kowloon , easy walk to both the metro and the KCR urban rail .

ive stayed at Marco Polo prince 2 years ago...and i can say that this hotel is better than the Prince. but not really by much.. Very average rooms , and it is located between the other two marco polos. I assume Marco Polo Hong Kong is the best among the three .

really good value for HK. I have stayed in Metropark and New World renaissance hotel before. Of the three , Marco Polo HK is the best. Really big rooms , great location , convenient for food lots of good restaurants in the Mall as well as on Canton road right cross the street , shopping and traveling. We have a small baby , so convenience is a must. Service is nice. The only negative thing I have is the location of Airport Express bus stop not being right at the hotel .

having had a hard time deciding where to stay when I visited Hong Kong , I was advised by some friends who lived there that the Marco Polo Hong Kong would be a safe bet ! Boy where they conservative in their recomendation. Check in was smooth and quick. I asked about upgrading and for a very nominal fee was offered the breakfast option included with the room. Since I was with my teenage daughter we thought it would be a great idea. When we arrived at our room we where extremely impressed ! It was quite large and had the best bedding I have experienced , much better than any US hotel. Everything was spotless and immaculate. Any request was immediately honored with such speed and efficiency that I was truly spoiled. The next excellent surprise was the breakfast. It was a lavish buffet with different selections each day .

we had a fantastic stay at this hotel on our honeymoon. The staff were friendly , the rooms , were modern , clean and near luxurious. The view from our room was stunning â € “ out over the busy harbour and over to HK island. The view alone really made our stay all the more special. We only stayed here for four nights but loved every minute of it. The hotel â € ™ s location is perfect â € “ better than the Peninsula or any of the other major hotels in HK. The Marco Polo is literally on the doorstep of the Star Ferry terminal - giving quick and easy access to HK Island. The only thing we had to gripe about and it is minor was that when we arrived , we were told our room wasn â € ™ t ready and we â € ™ d have to wait an hour or so. But given the turnover of guests at the hotel NB the average stay in HK is four days ! , this was forgivable. The buffet breakfast was great too. All-in-all a superb experience .

the room was on a larger side by Hong Kong standard. However , most items are old - from the front door to the wardrobe and to the sink in the bathroom. I do not think the hotel had renovated or refurbished its rooms since the mid 80s. For the rate I paid , I expected something more modern. That said , the room was clean enough and could be a comfortable stay if one did not mind the 80s-style decor. Importantly , it is conveniently located within the largest shopping complex in Hong Kong - the Harbour City .

i have stayed in the Marco Polo Prince , Gateway and Hong Kong and have to say that the Hong Kong is definitely the best. The bar/restaurant area is very pleasant , far more so than the pokey bar at the gateway and quieter than the prince .

we loved it , partly because we paid a little extra for a harbour-view room and got a superb suite. It was very spacious and had every amenity including slippers and a rubber-duck. No noise whatsoever from adjacent rooms or the corridor .

really enjoyed this hotel. Fantastic location , extra large rooms , great buffet breakfast. The service was fantastic , real attention to detail. Sitting in the bar over a drink I bearly spilt a drop when the barman hurried over and refilled my glass for free. My husband was given his 2nd beer at no cost to boot !

we stayed at the Marco Polo Gateway in September 2004 - and I 've been dying to go back to Hong Kong ever since. There had been a mix up with our travel agent and the tour operator - they told us on arrival we had been moved to another hotel - we said we would prefer to stay at the Gateway if possible we did n't realise that the alternative hotel was only about five doors away . Anyway - it took a good couple of hours to sort out - but we did get a room in the Gateway - and the lady on reception Kimi could not do enough to either help - or apologise. She was very good with us - when we finally got a room - we had an upgrade - very spacious - and they also left a bottle of wine in our rooms for us to make up for the confusion - even though it was n't really the hotels fault. The location was excellent - first time in HK and had no idea as to where would be a good base - we really dropped on here. Just round the corner from the Star Ferry - close to Nathen Road for the shopping too. There was a public holiday - 1st Oct I think - firework display over the harbour - stunning. Enjoyed everything about Hong Kong - and hope that anyone else reading the review has as good a time as we did !

this must be the best 4 star hotel we 've ever stayed in. Stayed 4 nights on way back from Australia and when we checked in were offered a deal to upgrade to a Continental Club room for around Â £ 35.00 a night. This gave the two of us breakfast each day , afternoon tea , cocktails for 3 hours each evening and one hour 's free internet access. We had our own floor where all this was situated. Food was great and you could make the afternoon tea into a late lunch as they had soup as well as cakes/scones etc .

this hotel was clean , service was OK , great location. Our included breakfast was less than great. If you 've got a great deal , feel safe... it 's clean , close , etc.. .

we stayed at this hotel Nov '04 as a stopover on route from Australia .

we were very disappointed when we first saw our room , as we were paying a lot of money to stay here. On arrival we were told we had been upgraded from our original Room. hate to see what room we would have had ! everything looked worn out. and the room was the size of a postage stamp. The view was not very good either , looking onto a neighbouring dingy tower block. The room was not reminiscent of the website at all !

