one tip : if you ever go through Hong Kong and have even a couple hours layover , there is a new Sky City Marriott on the airport complex that has one of THE BEST equipped HC I have EVER seen and certainly worth the $ 20. to visit it , sweat off stress , take a steam and head back over to HKG for transit connex. Ask at the hotel transport desk in the terminal : they have a van that will take you to the property .

good Ambience and Rooms. Good View of Hong Kong City skyline. Good Breakfast available

good transfer service to and from the airport. Clean comfortable rooms. The buffet food looked good but was very disapointing and expensive , even more so when the service charge is added on top .

as a Hong Kong Citizen , I stayed here with my family because the hotel had offered us a promotion including complimentary breakfast. After I made my reservation and checked in the hotel , the staff suddenly told me that I have booked a room ONLY , and thus I was forced to pay US $ 50 more for the breakfast. Finally , I had to pay more than US $ 200

the new Marriott is a beautiful hotel , close to the airport , the train to Hong Kong and the convention center. The rooms are comfortable and most all have a wonderful view. Be aware , the food and drinks are quite expensive but they do have a free shuttle to the mall a couple of miles away where there are plenty more restaurants to choose .

stopped here overnight from Sydney , flew out to St Petersburg next day :

this is the best airport hotel I 've ever stayed at. It was just perfect .

stayed here one night before earlyish flight back to Europe. Did a package with airport limo service , breakfast and 360 Ngong Ping trip- however one word of warning make sure you get there early to get up on cable car and enjoy at least half a day. Front desk staff quite officious , bar staff very nice , lobby area nicely furnished...lots of large party tours and airport cabin staff bustling in and out. Bar shut quite early 12 midnight . Good choices for breakfast. Bedroom &quot ; rather standard&quot ; . Bathroom good. Views good over airport , internet access 60HKD/hr a bit pricey. located right next to Asia Expo centre. Would rather a 3.5 out of 5 .

while very drab looking from the outside , the inside of this Marriott is beautiful. All aspects of the hotel 's design are impeccable. My room was large with a pleasant view of the South China Sea , the distant mountains and high rise apartments and factories. A first for me in any hotel was the presence of a French Press for morning coffee making. The lap pool is a visual delight and even enticed me to take some laps just to enjoy it. I was picked up from the airport in a Mercedes SUV with beautiful leather and woodwork .

when I opened my curtains the morning after I arrived , I thought â € ˜ wow â € ™ . The view of sea and distant mountains was not something one often gets so close to a major international airport. Watching the sun rise the morning of my departure was something special. The rooms themselves are both attractive and smart. The main restaurant offered enjoyable a la carte dining , although the buffet fare was distinctly bland. Exercise options are good , and the indoor swimming pool is more sizeable than most. The hotel â € ™ s own website didn â € ™ t make the transport options very clear. There is a regular transfer bus to/from Tung Chung shopping centre/metro station as well as to the airport , the latter taking about 3 minutes. The hotel is about 5 minutes by covered walkway from the Airport Express terminus that will get you to Kowloon and Hong Kong Island in about 20 minutes. There can be aircraft noise owing to the location quite close to the runways , something to bear in mind. Would I go back ? For sure .

just because the bar business is slow does n't give them a reason to keep the expired draft beer and serve it to the next sucker who orders it. The draft beer &quot ; Stella&quot ; I order tasted sour and the food was not impressive. The California sushi is worse then the ones you can get at a local supermarket. But they charge five time as much for three little sushi. Anyway , it 's a very isolated hotel out of the way from anywhere. If you want to be depress , this is the hotel for you .

spending just 2 days in Hong kong made my plans shuffle and shift to find the best deals and advantage to see and experience a spectacular city with so limited time. I arrived at Hong Kong International after midnight and after collecting my bags , headed over the bridge to the Airport Express that cost $ 1.00 US or $ 5.00 HKD. Very simple , smooth , short , and convenient ride of 5 minutes to the World Expo. I didnt mind walking the 8 minutes to the Hotel only because Ive been sitting on the plane for 13 hours. The check in agent was very nice and the process just took 5 minutes. Had a 2nd floor room over looking the water and accommodations was just as advertised. Pictures on hotel website and shared photos on TA are exactly the same. Room was huge and tastefully decorated. Bed was best Ive ever slept on in an Hotel. I loved it ! I was able to sleep each night with sweet dreams .

i stayed there with a friend for 1 night by redeeming my Marriott Rewards points so I do n't have to pay at the moment when I check-in or check-out. Just one night because we just want to take a break before the weekend , so 2D1N will be just perfect for us .

my wife and I stayed here after a business trip to Shenzhen. The short complimentary ride from the airport was friendly and efficient. Our first impression of the hotel was good. Check-in was fair. It took slightly longer than we would have liked , but it was no problem. We were surprised that internet was not free , as we always select hotels with free internet. We consider paying between $ 15 and $ 20 a day , a rip-off , for this much needed business facility. When we arrived in the room , it looked clean and comfortable. We looked for a few international power outlets , but were surprised that there were none , even though this is a very modern hotel. There should have , at least , been a power adaptor in the room .

we had a one night layover and this hotel was more reasonable than the other close by alternative. I got the senior citizen discount , but it was expensive. We arrived after 11 pm and there was no shuttle , had to take a cab for $ 6 USD. Hint- cabs are colored for the area of your destination - you want a blue cab for this short trip. Hotel is very close to the airport and next to Asia World Expo center. Hotel room was very nice -- modern clean , comfortable. After the long flight , we had a very good solid sleep. Went to airport on shuttle the next day and continued on our trip. I liked this hotel and the rates were reasonable for Hong Kong .

on the last night of our stay we came back to the room at 6pm only to find room service cleaning our room. We were surprised that our room wasn â € ™ t ready since we left the room at 8am that morning. It is bad management to have our room cleaned so late. There was a man and a woman cleaning the room and what looked like a supervisor outside our room with the cleaning cart. Even though we were disappointed , we had no choice but to head to the lobby and wait until our room was clean. I had a bag that was full of materials from the trade show and I decided to leave my bag in the room. Turns out this was a very big mistake. In the outside pocket was my digital camera Canon Power Shot SD750 worth $ 350 US dollars. The camera was in the bag when we left the room. After having a drink at the bar we went back to our room , it was clean but my camera was gone. We didn â € ™ t go anywhere else until the next morning. We called the manger and they searched the room as well , including all our luggage. No camera was found , our room was violated. To make a terrible situation worse , dealing with the mangers on duty proved to be a taxing experience .

its kinda far from downtown Hong King so not a good place to stay if your sight seeing. But for a convention or if you need to be near the airport they have a free shuttle its very nice .

if you need a clean bunk from a late night flight or early morning flight , then it works...it 's expensive and very limited....coffee opens at 6 : 30..before you have to be at the airport for many international flights.. .

this is a marriott , so it 's got some very nice amenities. the decor is garish , but that 's not uncommon in the east.. .

i missed a connection in Hong Kong recently and had to stay overnight to get the next connection. I was fully exhausted and was able to easily book on the spot at the airport 's hotel desk. I got a rate around $ 100US. A Marriott bellman at the airport approached me to usher me into a lovely little waiting area for the free shuttle to the hotel. I felt stress lift off my shoulders right then and there. The transfer is quick. The hotel is close to the airport , sitting on water 's edge near some docks and a golf course. Checkin was professional and easy. I was given a sea view room on the 8th floor. It was BEAUTIFUL ! Kind of very chic and trendy/modern furnishings. The bathroom was all marble tile. Very upscale. Tub and shower combined. Larged vanity space. Great little bath amenities. Plushy towels. Huge closet , safe , robe and slippers. COMFY bed and pillows. Plenty of space to work and sit. The only drawback was no free wifi. paid internet only , even in the lobby . Room service was brilliant. Europeans and Asians , do n't laugh please , but I was a little sick from the trip and all I could stomach was mashed potatoes in my mind. Try to find mashed potatoes in Asia. Well room service had it , and they were as good as grama 's ! I was so happy to relax and feel better. I love this hotel .

i stayed for 1 night at the hotel as I was going to Macau. I got late into HKG and so it was not possible to get a ferry that late. The hotel is near the airport. They have a free shuttle to the hotel from the airport. When you get into the arrivals halls walk to the Marriott booth. They will help with the transportation. Hotel is about 5 minute drive from the hotel. You can even get there by Airport Express. Get off at the Expo stop and its a few minute walk .

stayed one night for morning flight. Arrived the night before , there was a van from airport to hotel , but no one to help with luggage at the hotel. Travel time 5 minutes .

i was passing thru HK on my way to Mainland China and would normally stay at the harbor HK hotels , even if for one night .

went along for the Afternoon Tea as I had some business in the Airport earlier .

this hotel is in a unbeatable location if you want to be close to the Asia Expo Centre , explore Lantau Island , Disneyland or on transit from flights. The airport transfer is seamless and under 5 minutes .

plush , comfy , well appointed rooms and bath. Every aspect of customer service throughout the hotel was very , very good. Delicious , expansive buffet breakfast. Personal concierge service from airport Arrivals Hall to hotel. Shuttle service to airport and MTR subway station. Top notch concierge , front desk , housekeeping , and wait staff. So impressed with employees we wrote letter s to hotel and Marriott corporate .

the hotel is conventiently located near the airport. We spent one night there because we arrived really late. We were given a free ride to the hotel from the airport. We spent a quiet relaxing night there. Breakfast was excellent ! We also got a free ride to Disneyland which was about 15 minute drive .

we arrived 5pm from Thailand and had a 9 : 30am flight to NYC

i stayed at this hotel for one night after flying in from Beijing to Hong Kong. I chose this hotel due to its closeness to the airport , since I was going to be flying from Hong Kong to Newark the morning after .

we were traveling with our two teenage boys 14 and 16 for two nights in Hong Kong. Our flight from the US via Tokyo arrived 10pm so we thought it would be better to stay our first night at an airport hotel. The airport is HUGE so you have to meet at a designated spot B something and then the hotel staff escorts you to the mini van. The van runs every 20 min or so. It would have been nice to have been able to check in at the airport as we had to wait there anyway. They had 3 staff members just standing around .

we had booked this hotel as we were planning to stay in hongkong for 2 nights and basic plan was to visit Disneyland .

i picked this hotel because of its proximity to the airport as I was breaking a long journey with a one night stop over. The transfer from the airport once you find the hotel 's desk took only a few minutes and the driver was helpful and very courteous. Check in was extremely efficient and the staff were helpful and polite. The room , like the rest of hotel , was modern and very pleasantly and the bed was extremely comfortable. There was no aircraft noise at all. One of the benefits for a stop over traveller is that you get free tickets for the express train service to down town Hong Kong about 20 minutes away - the station is a few minutes walk away through the neighbouring convention centre .

this hotel is located at the international airport. It is a fairly new hotel. It 's international staff are very friendly and helpful .

we decided to stay 4 nights near the airport due to this hotel 's very reasonable rates including daily return tickets to the city on the airport express. The station is only a five minute walk from the hotel and it 's a 25 min trip to central. Our room was large enough with a comfortable bed and included all things we expect from this class of hotel. The bathroom was excellent with a great overhead rain shower. Planes flew right by our window coming into land and we heard virtually nothing. Staff at all levels were friendly and helpful. Pick up from and delivery to the airport went without a hitch .

background :

positives :

i stayed at the Marriott SkyCity Hong Kong for 8 nights in June while I was working in Hong Kong .

my itinerary had me flying into HKG airport on a Saturday evening and departing on Sunday afternoon , so I opted for this airport hotel as I was going to be too jet lagged and tired to do any sightseeing during my transit time .

check in was disappointing. A week before arrival , the hotel emailed me asking if I had any requests. I told them I would like to have a room similar to the one I had on my last stay in April but I would like a higher floor. They emailed me back saying it would not be a problem. On arrival , the front desk staffer Gigi said she could only give me the room I had last time , but if I would be willing to pay an extra HK $ 150 , I could get a higher floor. So I just accepted the same room. This is the 2nd time this year that a hotel has promised to do their best but failed to deliver. And if the hotel ca n't deliver , why do n't they tell you beforehand , instead of waiting till you check in ? I 'd rather know before I check in .

i rarely spend more than 24hrs in Hong Kong , using it as an opportunity to do business on a stopover. This hotel is great as it is so close to the airport and the station , there is a shuttle from the airport .

this Hotel is new. at end of MTR Airport line , when I booked they gave 2 free return trips on the train to HK value $ 100HK Pool is the largest I 've ever seen in a hotel. Shuttle is great , every 20 minutes and also takes you to the local town , shopping mall and Disney , all free. Ocean view room have a slightly better view. If catching a plane early , this Hotel is a must. We flew in from Beijing at 10pm and out at 6am to Shanghai the next day , being right at the airport saved money and time. Cost us only $ 988HK a night. Room is large , clean and bathroom rooomy and modern. Food in hotel restuarants is expensive. Take a short ride to the outlet mall where there is a very reasonable foodcourt at 20 % of the price .

nice new hotel , with cheaper rates than the hotel adjoining the airport. Great indoor swimming pool. Some airport noise , but not bad at all if you have to catch a flight .

we stayed at the SkyCity Marriott for one night while on a stopover. It is a modern hotel which is about a 5 minute drive from Hong Kong Airport at the Asia Expo. Upon arrival at the airport you got to the Marriott desk after clearing customs and they arrange for a driver to pick you up. Check in was quick although we did arrive in the evening .

stayed here overnight on the way to HCMC. Service , room amenities are First Class.Transfer to Hotel from airport was fantastic , we will stay here again .

booked online at the Marriot website for a 1 nite stay. Got a complimentary limo transfer from the arrival hall to the hotel within 10 min .

we checked into this hotel instead of staying in the airport for 10 hours ! The plane touched down at 10 : 20pm and our heads hit the pillow at 11pm , 40 mins later. Marriott moved us from airport to hotel room in less than 20mins. Excellent service , exceptionally clean room , fantastic bathroom and bed. Very quite. Breakfast the next day was an awesome array of every type of breakfast food available with a top notch service. All topped off by an equally efficient transfer back to the airport after the breakfast. Well done Marriott , this is a fist class service .

i stayed here on my first and last night of a recent trip to Hong Kong. I was attending a trade show at Asia World Expo and it was very convenient. Asia World Expo is about a 2 or 3 minute walk on a bridge that is connected to the hotel

this Marriott is a quality hotel like every other Marriott. Boring high quality perfect for the business traveller. It has a few more ammenities than some. It 's very new , clean , functional , and has several restaurants. It 's part of the Asia World Expo center and could not be more convenient to the trade shows. It 's very close to the airport also. As others have pointed out , the airport is not near anything so this is not a place to stay if you want to be in the city .

stayed for one night 4th April en route to Bangkok. I had corresponded with the hotel prior to my arrival to enquire about breakfast and spa facilities and to warn of arrival time for the shuttle to be waiting. All requests were replied to with useful information and in a reasonably prompt manner. When landing at Hong Kong I managed to find the desk to pick up my shuttle. A small wait for the minibus to arrive but a pleasant person ferried me to the hotel. Interestingly , when taking my credit card details , the PIN was required to be entered as well , not something I have encountered before. The room was good with a sea view which I had paid extra for and a fascinating vista of the fast shuttle to Macau from the airport which takes passengers directly from the plane airside without the need to clear immigration I am told. The shower was indeed extra powerful although I found the fittings to be loose and hanging from the wall so I requested , and got immediately , a room change to one with more sturdy shower tap fittings. Deciding to have something to eat I found that , somewhat confusingly , one of the restaurants was not opened yet as the hotel was still ramping up for business and the second restaurant had moved into the premises of the first. Sitting in the expensive Chinese restaurant I asked if there was anything smaller to eat than the somewhat grand dishes. I was given the Red Zen menu by one waiter but then it was taken back by another who explained that the menu was not yet featured. Never mind , I expect the staff were a little new. The selection from the main menu was of good quality but similar to its equivalent in London and a lot more expensive - a captive audience I suspect. There is a lovely view out from the restaurant seawards.The proximity to the Airport Express meant that going into Central that evening was a breeze. When I popped into the Sheraton Hotel and Towers later as I had booked to stay there after returning form Bangkok I found the staff to be a lot less friendly and helpful than those of this new Marriott. Checkout was easy and efficient , performed by a very friendly and urbane individual who obviously took great pride in working for his hotel chain and I can see why. All in all I can say that comparing my first stay in a Marriott compared with my previous encounters with Sheratons , Meridiens and Hiltons I would definitely return .

disclaimer : We were booked at the Sky City by Cathay Pacific because we were bumped to a another flight to San Francisco the following day. They paid for our room and breakfast/lunch. We did n't pay for anything , but I figure I might as well give a summary of our time there .

stayed on 28 April to catch an early flight the next day .

this is a very new , very stylish hotel with excellent facilities and very friendly and helpful staff. There is a shuttle bus directly from the airport terminal to the hotel that takes about 5 minutes and runs every 15 minutes or so. We arrived out of hours the shuttle runs from 5am to midnight and they got a car for us in less than 10 minutes to bring us over instead. You just need ot go to the Marriott desk in the Arrivals Hall .

we booked two rooms for our family after arriving on a late flight from Tokyo , for aprox 1100 HKD each room room only . Transfer from HK Airport was via a private hire van , which was a nice improvement from the usual minibuses .

marriott SKY CITY- just great. We arrived at the Hong Kong Airport , went to arrival hall B and Marriott took over. Got us to our hotel with the free shuttle , quicly and efficiently , and from there the wonderful staff took over. They were cheerful and helpful and made everything fun .

this is an outstanding hotel if you need to stay somewhere close to the airport with access to downtown Hong Kong .

this hotel was the perfect location for us as it is located about 15 minutes on foot , from the HKG Int'l airport. There is also a hotel shuttle to the airport but we preferred to walk as it was a nice day .

the newly-opened Marriott Sky City 's service and staff were beyond excellent , although the hotel 's location away from Hong Kong 's city attractions 30 mins by taxi to Kowloon were a drawback - unless you 're planning to visit the Expo centre just across the road. The hotel is located less than 5 mins car ride away from the airport , and offers complimentary airport transfers to guests upon arrival .

perfect Location for this new Marriott in HKG .

hong Kong SkyCity Marriott Hotel was only three weeks old when we stayed there on Jan 1 , 2009.From Hong Kong International Airport , the hotel sent out a bus to bring us to the hotel , which is close to the Expo train station.It is amid industrial environment , but I did not hear any plane take off noises.It is a franchised hotel , but managed by the usual diligent Marriott staffs.I enjoyed the two restaurants inside very much. Red Zen serves noodles , and the Bistro serves buffets from morning to night. But the best is the olympic size swimming pool , giving me a great chance to stay indoor for exercise. Inside the changing area , there is the usual hot tub and sauna. The room itself is huge , compared to the other HKG airport hotels Regal or Novotel .

my Husband and I stayed at the Marriott Skycity for 4 days from 26 th Dec 08 -30th Dec 08.The hotel officially opened only 2 weeks prior to that , we got an excellent travel industry rate for this property.We arrived at 7 am , approached the hotel desk at HKG airport and was immediately transferred to the hotel by pvt car transfer. About 10 minute ride and was immediately checked into an ocean view deluxe room Which was very spacious by HKG standards , the amenities were all in line with Marriott standards. We even had a staff visiting us later that day to check if we needed anything in addition , which was excellent .All the staff members we dealt with were extremely polite and willing to assist .

