i have stayed at the Metropark Causeway Bay couple times while I was in HK. The location is the best thing about this hotel. Only 5 min walk to the MTR subway station. There are buses and vans and trams conveniently located right downstairs. The rooms were pretty clean and decent size for a Hong Kong hotel. It is very close to the Central Library , couple pubs and restaurants downstairs , the Victoria Park , and also just minutes from Causeway Bay where all shopping and action are. The only down side is the Hotel is getting more and more expensive each year I stay .

chose this hotel after reading the reviews on tripadvisor.com , happy with the choice , good room with expansive city and harbour views , good broadband , breakfast was a good selection , coffee was bad including the expresso. Helpful staff , I was sick on the last day and could not have a late checkout before flying out due to incoming guests. Staff let me rest on the lounge chairs by the poolside for the day and use gym showers. Good location .

i stayed at the Metropark for seven nights on a business trip in October .

a good hotel in my opinion. Rooms were small but clean and had all the ammenities. Lovely views out over the park and the city .

with so much choice and high prices I spent an awful lot of time choosing this hotel - I basically had a USD 200 per night budget and wanted views and lots of space for the wife and two young kids - plus good reviews from this website .

we arrived at 9.30 am and within an hour we had got an early check-in to both the rooms we had booked. They gave us coffee while we waited. Both rooms were harbourview with fantastic views. Would n't recommend the other side of the hotel as you would be looking into very near apartment blocks. Good bathroom with walk-in shower - hate having to climb into a bathtub. Light and attractive decor in the rooms and in the hallways. Very clean rooms and comfy beds. The pool on the top floor was brilliant with views to match. Could n't fault anything at all. If you like a large sumptuous lobby you would be disappointed , this is quite a small area , but perfectly adequate. The biggest mistake we made was taking the so-called airport limousine bus from the airport - this took us through the middle of Kowloon and its endless traffic. It took ninety minutes over roads which when not gridlocked were bumpy and windy. We arrived feeling very much all shook up. Tip : take the airport express to Central and then take a taxi or the MTR. The hotel is two minutes walk from Tin Hau station .

hello again , I just came back from another trip to Hong Kong where I stayed at the MetroPark Causeway Bay for 5 nights. This was my fourth trip to the MetroPark Causeway Bay in 5 years. This time I was upgraded to a Harbor View room at no extra charge. I think the MetroPark is a great place to stay : the service is wonderful , the rooms were clean , and the bed was very comfortable. Yes the rooms are a bit small , as some people have pointed out , but for a solo traveler it is more than adequate. There * is * more competition now with L'hotel around the corner and the new Empire Hotel in Causeway Bay/Tin Hau just down the street . Items such as the televisions in the MetroPark are woefully old in this era of in-room flat screen TVs , but what really counts for me is that the MetroPark is consistently clean , quiet , the service is good , and the location is great. You can walk to the Tin Hau MTR station in just a couple of minutes , and you can catch the A11 bus to the airport just up the street .

i stayed at the Metropark Hotel for 10 nights with my Wife , November 20th till 30th. We had aready planned a room on the Executive Floor , we were allocated room 2906 , The room is a nice size and the view over the Harbour , Hong Kong and Kowloon is to die for. The room lacks space to put your clothes and hanging space is limited , so clothes stayed in the cases , just a little inconvenience. The Executive lounge is OK I have experienced better , but again the veiw is amazing. There is an MTR station just 3 to 4 minutes walk away , Buses and Trams , you have never seen as many , it is great just to watch them go and no doubt return. The Breakfast at the Hotel is Excellent and the food at Lunch and Dinner is equally as good. Prices are reasonable at the hotel. Eating out is very easy price are a lot lower that the hotel. Travelling around is exciting and very easy to master , do not expect a seat and be prepared to stand your ground. So much to do in HK and Kowloon , no need to think about going on a trip to mainland China. Excellent Hotel , It would seem the Metropack has 4 hotels 2 x Kowloon 2 x HK but the One at Causeway will without doubt have the View to benefit your Holiday. Yes We would go again , Yes we would stay at the Metropark , Yes we would book a room with Executive Lounge facilities. Just do it .

this hotel has very generous rooms especially our bathroom , good fittings , convenient location and really attentive staff. Two major annoyances :

fantastic location , taxis readily available. Lunch was expensive in hotel. Breakfast had a good selection. Room had d most amazing view and was refreshingly different to a standard hotel room. Would recommend this hotel .

stayed in a standard room with my wife. We travel to HK every other year and have experience with several hotels in the area. This was the best so far. Room was clean and of a decent size for HK and huge compared to those we had in Tokyo several days later . The service was excellent and the staff brought a lovely cake to our room when they learned that my wife 's birthday fell during our visit. As other reviews have said , lots of amenities and MTR right around the corner ; walking distance to Causeway Bay shopping for those so inclined to walk. Also steps away from the airport bus stop that brings you to HKG for about 5 USD. Only possible downside is loud karaoke in the downstairs lounge on some nights. We could hear it faintly in the 8th floor hallway but not in our room. You may want to stay on a hgher floor if you are a very light sleeper .

we have just returned from Hong Kong , it was brill . The metropark hotel was perfect cleen , friendly helpfull staff , near mtr , 7- 11 , and mc donalds which was a bonus as hated the food in hong kong but everything eles was great people very helpfull and friendly , thanks metropark for a nice welcome defo go back x

spent 10 nights at this hotel. Stayed in a standard room this time versus the executive parlor suite three years ago. The standard room is definitely very small with no spectacular view except of the high rise apartments behind the hotel. This is not a big deal if you are out most of the day. You can always take in the night scene up by the pool area. Our room had two twin sized bed and just enough space for two adults. According to the hotel , they have no adjoining rooms and only two standard rooms with double beds , so if you are thinking of sharing the room with kids or getting adjoining rooms to keep an eye on your kids , think again. The hotel is very clean , and staff are extremely friendly and polite. Aside from the basic toiletries , they even provide you with toothbrushes , tooth paste , razor , and q-tips. The business center has two computers for guests to use. The one by the door is very slow for some reason. This hotel is very convenient. As stated in other reviews , public transportation , restaurants , supermarkets , and pastry shops are plentiful nearby. Definitely give this hotel a try if you are looking for a decent place that wo n't break your wallet .

stayed here for the 7th time in the past 4 years on my semi annual travel to HK in a Parlour Room. Room size is good and all Parlour Rooms have harbourview. Excellent value for the rate charged. Hotel is located at the eastern fringe of Causeway Bay near the Tin Hau MTR station. Some posters incorrectly stated that this hotel is not in Causeway Bay. It is well within Causeway Bay official boundary and wish these folks would not make such erroneous comments without checking. It is in a predominantly residential neighbourhood thus not as busy and noisy at night. Directly across a school. Lots of local restaurants nearby as well as a 7-11 , 2 supermarkets and local bakeries and stores. Staff has always been friendly and helpful. Good access to other public transport - buses and trams. The A11 Cityflyer bus direct to the airport has a stop almost directly outside the hotel 's main entrance. Those staying at Parlour Rooms also have access to the Panorama Lounge on the 29th floor where complimentary drinks and snacks are served at the late afternoon. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and shall come again on my next trip to HK !

easy to reach by public transportation almost on top of Tin Hao metro station , but also many cabs in the area as well. Hotel has friendly staff , clean rooms , good concierge service .

upon arrival , bought the 3 day airport express card as suggested by other reviewers. Excellent advice , the transport system is so cheap and easy and the hotel only a short walk across the road from Tin Hau station .

i would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone going to HKG. The hotel is very near to the MTR Tin Hau and other public transportation - Ding Dig Tram and buses. There are also many local food places and a supermarket alongside the hotel .

w e stayed in this hotel for 3 nights as a stopover on our way to Australia. The service was fantastic. We arrived around 8am and were pleasantly surprised to find that our room was ready for us. This gave us a chance to freshen up before heading out to do some sight seeing. The location was very good , 5 minute walk to the metro station - Tin Hao. We got an Octopus card for around HK $ 15 , this can be used on most public transport and the metro is by far the best way to get around .

sorry this review has taken so long , but life intervened. I spent 6 nights then 1 night here. The thing that impressed me the most was the staff. All , especially the front desk , went over and above with any question I had. The let me check in early and check out late. I was given an upgrade to a parlour room. They stored my luggage while I went to Macau for several days etc...The view from both rooms was the same and wonderful.. The parlour room was larger and had had a fab bath as well as a sitting area. I booked one tour from their travel desk and they did n't even attempt to sell me more ! ! ! I only had breakfast at the hotel and it was very good. There was sufficient choice and eggs cooked to order was great. Free internet access is a plus. The rooms were sparkling clean. I am sure that there is much more I could say , but it would make this review too long. If you have any specific questions , do not hesitate to p.m. me .

we stayed in the metropark for three nights at the end of September and we loved this hotel. The staff could not have been nicer or more helpfull with anything we needed. From the very warm welcome when we arrived to them letting us use the shower in the spa before we left for our flight home they were brilliant. The room was really nice and with a view of the HK skyline what more could you ask for......the best shower I have ever had. I would have happily lived in that shower , so hot and so powerful. Brilliant. We would recommend this hotel to anyone ! ! !

we stayed for three nights in the Executive Parlour , with the package including full breakfast simply wonderful and evening cocktails / finger food .

not a flash hotel but clean and well positioned to use public transport. Ask for a harbour view room as the view from the rooftop pool is spectacular. The beds are very hard but they all are in Hong Kong. Staff pleasant and helpful , breakfast OK , overall good value .

chose the hotel because could n't afford to stay for multiple nights at a 5-star hotel in HK on my personal budget. Since I 'm used to 5-star hotels in cheaper cities , the less fancy environment of a 4-star immediately became apparent. It 's always hard to downgrade but I guess I would blame that on the crazy expensive nature of HK rather than the hotel .

comfortable rooms , good food though nothing exceptional . Rooms are quite small but comfortable enough. Close to the metro which is very frequent at all times for quick and easy travelling around HK and Kowloon .

booked this hotel because of it 's proximity to the MTR station and also because of the very good rates offered on Expedia. Nothing seriously wrong with the hotel. It 's a case of &quot ; it does everything it says on the tin&quot ; but do n't be expecting anything beyond that either. I mean , the room is a decent size for HK but you feel like you 've seen this room before lots of times in Asia and even then it is slightly outdated looking. It 's fine , but no wow factor anywhere. Same goes for the lobby and the restaurant. The gym is good for cardio machines but not enough room to do weights. The pool has a very nice view , although it is not that large .

we stayed for three nights two couples first time to Hong Kong. The hotel was very good clean and tidy staff helpful. We unfortunnatly had a room at the back with a view looking onto the next tower block which was appartments , our freinds had one on the front with the views of the city and bay brilliant. Roof top pool was nice altough we never went in it. Breakfast was good buffet style with good selection. Location great for walking ,metro and trams are within two minutes walk of hotel to main shoping area of city on island 15 mins walk. I would recommend staying there no problems .

does n't try to be anything other than a nice clean hotel with good location , its not on a main road or the busy kowloon , so you are gauranteed a good night 's sleep ! Breakfast is fine , and caters for all tastes. Bar at night is normally not busy if you want a night cap...or two ! We found the best rate via getroomscheaper.com

this was our second time staying at Metropark Causeway Bay and we stayed for 5 nights. Unfortunately , it was somewhat spoiled by persistent problems with cigarette smoke drifting into our room .

this was our 1st visit to Hong Kong and we stayed here in June 2009 for 3 nights , arriving in the morning , our room was not ready so they upgraded us to a suite at no extra charge which was very good of them. We found the reception staff very friendly and speaking very good English. We had a room on the 25th floor with fantastic views over Hong Kong Island and out to Kowloon and the Victoria Harbour. Our suite was large with a king size bed , large bathroom with bath and seperate shower , living room with comfortable seating , free internet access on a pc in the room , tea/coffee making facilities and another small bathroom nearer to the entrance hallway. The room also had an umbrealla for guest use and robes and slippers. On the top floor is the rooftop swimming pool and small gym. We used the pool but not the gym. It was nice to be in the pool especially in the evening with Hong Kong lighting up , we had fantastic views from the pool , you could see a lot from there. The pool is not that big but is ok for what we wanted , and it was nice and warm too. There is also a jacuzzi at one end which is nice , especially after being on your feet all day walking around the streets in Hong Kong. We did not use any of the restaurants or have breakfast here as we were on a room only basis .

my wife and I stayed for 7 nights in an executive room on the 25th floor to ensure a large room with a harbour view - that is exactly what we got .

seriously , this hotel has the best water pressure ever. We were on the 23rd floor and upgraded to the Executive parlor room for the extra room and found it to be more than sufficient for 2. The lighting in the room and the bathroom was amazing. Our view of the park and the water was nice. The metro is literally 2 minute walk. There is a laundry by the pound a little father down the road near the Tin Hau Temple. It was not the Vogue Laundry , they charge by the piece , walk up the hill one minute. We had about 26 kg of dirty laundry cleaned for US $ 8. They did wash whites with darks and shrank a few items so do n't give them anything you hold dearly .

i booked this hotel having read comments on TP although I was a little put off by the 'small room ' comments .

we have just got back from a week at this hotel , we had a suite which was fine , location was great as 2 mins walk from mtr station to get to the rest of hong kong. Breakfast was good in the cafe , room service dissapointing as was the housekeeping however we are used to 5 star hotels .. but hey , you get what you pay for so in reality okay. If your feet are too sore to venture out too far for dinner there are some nice places to eat nearby esp the thai next to mcdonalds turn right out of hotel and cross the road turn left and walk a few mins and there is a french and italian. For chinese ask reception and where you are heading. We live in India and were due to fly back to Mumbai at 7pm , I asked if we could stay in the room later and they gave us a 4pm check out and no extra cost .

we have just finished a 3 day stay in Hong Kong , our first in 30 years. After reading dozens of Tripadvisor reviews , we finally decided on the MetroPark Hotel. Location is n't too far from Hong Kong Station , it had a good range of amenities and for Hong Kong a reasonable price ! We did n't want a very small room , we wanted a Harbour View and we did n't want to pay a fortune - does n't everyone ! The MetroPark had all this we selected an Executive Suite and at HK $ 1700 per night our &quot ; package&quot ; included breakfast , complimentary drinks , free internet access. However , I note now that the best deals on the MetroPark web site are for 7 night stays which is a problem for short stayers. I suppose one could always pay for 7 nights and check-out early !

we stayed at the Metropark for seven nights at the end of August 2009 .

this was my second trip to Hong Kong. In the past I had stayed at the Excelsior. Although this was super , rooms had gone up to Â £ 130 per night and so I thought it was perhaps worth looking elsewhere. Having read the reviews on trip advisor I chose this hotel as it was only one stop further away on the metro. I must say that the reviews were spot on. This is a great hotel.... very clean , helpful staff , very near to the metro station , well located in in Causeway Bay and near to a '7-11 ' shop for supplies of bottled water etc. The rooms are not huge but are very clean and well equiped.... they look to me as though they have been recently refurbished.... more than adequate. There is also free internet access. I chose a room with a harbour view.... this was on the 11th floor and was great. There are also great views from the swimming pool on top of the building. I found getting around Hong Kong on the metro system very easy and so a ride into Kowloon is only 10-15 mins. The taxis to Hong Kong station for the airport express are also very reasonably at Â £ 4. I did n't eat at the hotel but the restaurant and bar looked good to me. The best part was the price.... I paid Â £ 50 per night- in view of the facilities this was a real bargain. Highly recommended ! ! !

i just returned from an 8 night stay at the Metropark -- and it was just awesome ! It is very convenient to the MTR Tin Hau station -- or you can easily walk to Causeway Bay for shopping. I had an executive suite on the 30th floor -- views were breath taking -- it was a mini version of the Peak : The room was very spacious and comfortable with all the amenities and very clean. The entire staff front desk , bellhops , maid were all very polite and helpful ! I highly recommend this hotel -- just make sure you get a harbour view room -- it will be worth the extra cost and try and get the highest floor possible .

loved this hotel , good value , great location with only a 10 minute walk thru the park to the main shopping malls. Great views from the Harbour view rooms overlooking the park , tennis courts and of course the harbour. Rooms were good size with well equipped bathrooms and good size shower. Excellent pool located on the roof top 23rd floor with views to die for. Entertainment in the bar at night but beware of happy hour as we were not told our cocktails were not included .

great Hotel ! Recommended

this hotel looks fantastic on the internet , well clean and somewhat spacious. I know HK has issues with space so we paid the extra for a suite and it must have been the smallest room in HK. The position was average and the staff kept giving my children sweets which was not helpful. Swimming pool was cold and very windy , also very high with very dubious fencing. Please investigate before staying. On the way back we stayed at the Harbour Plaza- wonderful .

we stayed in Metropark hotel for four nights in the beginning of June and were very happy there. The location was excellent , you could easily walk to shops and restaurants , catch a tram across the island or hop straight onto the MTR , it made seeing all of Hong Kong very accesible. The hotel staff were really helpful , they allowed us to check in early with no extra cost and were very polite for the whole stay. The rooms were typically Asian sized , small , but they were immaculately clean , nicely modern and the shower was very good. There is a 7-11 just down from the front door and a delightful little bakery around the corner , great for picking up breakfast on the way out for the day. All in all we really enjoyed our stay here and would definitely recommend it to others. Oh and definitely check out the views from the pool at dusk , spectacular ! !

this hotel is within walking distance of some shops. There is a metro around the corner which is v cheap is comparison to the UK. Be sure to ask for a harbour view room. The rooms are small , but not too small to cause concern. The staff are incredibly attentive , and will serve your every tourist or business need. Impeccable service and politeness - as it should be. I would recommend ths hotel .

first checked in , got the back view of the surrounding apartments which you can see into. Not a great view. Then asked for an upgrade which i got for HK $ 200 per night and switched to the harbour view , which was MUCH better .

overall ? Okay .

staff were really friendly. Arrived before check in time , We were able to leave our bags at reception , and told our room would be ready in an hour. Went and had some breakfast in the hotel restaurant. Food was great and there was lots of choice. Fresh fruit , cereals , porridge , selection of hot foods , etc. Our room was spacious with king size bed , were upgraded to harbour view room , so had great view. Had safe in room. Bathroom was large and whole room was clean. Hotel had roof top swimming pool and sauna and gym. Great for a cool down and excellent view from there as well ! In close proximity to public transport. Overall stay was great .

the first thing you 'll notice about Metropark Causeway Bay is it 's convenience to transportation , restaurants , and any other living amenities you may need. Luxury , however , is not a great as concern for the well-situated property , as the lobby is illogically hidden at the second floor , and in turn loses the feeling of a grand , welcoming lobby. Rooms sporting a harbor view are absolutely marvelous , facing the Victoria harbor and park. Unfortunately , the window accumulates too much moisture at the nighttime , and makes it difficult to enjoy the view. Service was good during our stay , with friendly concierge , and front desk staff. Metropark Causeway Bay greatly benefits with it 's clever location , but will fail to be complimented for luxury .

just spent three enjoyable nights in the Metro park , Location is fantastic within five mins to underground station , and so many buses available . The view from the rooms out over the bay is lovely and the staff we found to be very helpful and happy. Rooms are large and clean and quiet . There are several small cafe close by one worth a mention is zittis pizza place out the door and turn left about five mins away . Due to the weather we were not able to enjoy the pool but the view from up there is excellent . I have stayed in alot of more exspensive places and had problems , the Metro park is as good as any other hotel i have stayed in .

we stayed in this hotel for 4 nights on our way to Bali the hotel was very clean staff helpful we had a harbour view room on the 8th floor the view was great the hotel had a complementry shuttle bus to take you to the convention centre and to causeway bay shopping. The hotel was also within walking daistanc to all these areas if you are fit and like walking Taxis cost about Â £ 5.00 to most places we got a taxi to central pier twice once to go on a harbour cruise and another time to grt the star ferry over to Kowloon to see the symphony of lighs and to go to ladies night market.. taxi cost Â £ 5.00 Both times

i was not swayed by the hotel choices offered by my travel agents , so I utilized tripadvisor and booked the hotel directly through internet. Got a small suite and the staff has been so friendly , they even sent us a champagne bottle when we told them that it was our wedding anniversary... .

a great hotel , near the MTR station and will almost all the amenities you could want .

we stayed at the Metropark hotel , causewaybay for 4 nights . The hotel rooms were a bit small however they more than made it up with the swimming pool , excellent staff , great breakfast , awesome location ... .

be prepared to get your temperature taken on arrival , i had to ask how this would be done , fearing the most intrusive but most accurate method. But was relieved to find the just beam a device at your forehead and all is quick and painless. I guess they are particularly worried about having to quarantine another hotel , as recently the Metropark Hong Kong was for a week not to be confused with the causeway hotel ! .

we spent 5 nights for our anniversary at the Metropark hotel with our 17 year old son in an executive suite and it was just wonderful. As usual the rooms in Hong Kong are on the small side. The suite consisted of a small lliving area , where we had a spare bed placed for the teenager and a bedroom as well as one ensuite bathroom and a separte toilet for the other room. This suited us perectly. The views from the room 21st floor were great. Each morning we ould watch the various groups exercising Tai Chi in Victoria Park and wave to the peak and the &quot ; Batman&quot ; high rise. The tram and the A11 bus from the airport stp almost in front of the hotel , which make getting around very easy. The suite included as well access to the excutive longe , which was great to have a drink and watch the lightshow at 8PM. Karen , one of the executive lounge staff was always most helpful and really lovely. We will definitely return again. Oh - I almost forgot the pool on the top floor is just spectacular not too big , but a great view ! ! ! !

stayed at this hotel mid May 09 for four nights. We found the staff to be so helpful and polite on check-in and throughout our stay. Room on 14th floor with Harbour View was n't exactly huge but more than adequate for the price paid. Very clean too. This hotel is ideal for hopping onto the MTR or trams/buses , all of these minutes away from hotel entrance. We also found a walk around Victoria Park was a good start to the day before serious shopping took over ! We do know HK fairly well having lived there and re-visited a couple of times , so knew what we wanted and the Metropark more than met our requirements , rooftop pool is amazing ! Only slight criticism - the pool loungers - they need to be renewed please ! Only ate in the hotel once for an evening meal and what we had was very nice and was n't over-priced. Again , the service was excellant. Would stay here again and recommend to others without any hesitation .

we stayed for 5 nights at this hotel and had a wonderful time. Breakfast was good , staff were lovely and the location was perfect. The roof top pool was absolutely amazing. I would like to mention however that some of the sunbeds are fault the backs would not stay up , and need replacing , but other than that , swimming in a pool on the roof top with hong kong , buzzing around you i found amazing. To eat out in Hong Kong can be very exspensive , and we are not people that mind paying a bit extra but the restaurants we ate in were very expensive , and the cheapest bottle of wine was around 30 pounds. So take plenty of money with you. Also before i went , I read , that you may need a cardigan , jacket as everywhere is so cold due to air conditioning , this is so true , the MTR , all the shops , restaurant etc etc , are so well cooled , that I myself found myself feeling cold , even though the temperature in Hong Kong is really hot. When you visit Hong Kong , I recommend a visit to , to the fish market , flower market , bird market and Jade market. These are located in Kowloon we took the star ferry which was about 20 pence per person , it runs very regularly and is so so cheap , as is the MTR. Getting around will cost you pennies. We have travelled the world , and the people in Hong Kong , have got to be politest , most adorable people , we have ever had the pleasure to meet. I would definately recommend this hotel and I will definately be back to visit Hong Kong again. This hotel is rated 4 star . After Hong Kong we travelled to Malaysia and Thailand both 5 star hotels , and of all the three I enjoyed my visit to this hotel the most . Of all the three hotels this is the only one I have given a 5 out of 5 .

quiet neighborhood , hotel overlooks one of the best green spaces on Hong Kong Island , Victoria Park. Three minute walk to Tin Hau MTR station. Comfy beds and nice linens .

i stayed in the MetroPark Causeway Bay the first week of May , 2009. It turned out to be an excellent choice to stay. The neighbourhood is very nice. Not too hectic as in Wan Chai but you can still feel the energy of the city around you. One of the other reviewers wrote about a lack of places to eat nearby , but I found plenty. There is a supermarket at the corner too. Tram , buses and metro are within 200 meters .

we booked this hotel through my corporate deal and got a good package for a suite since we wanted bigger room to accomodate 2 kids under 10 years . Hong Kong hotels have small rooms and some of them do n't allow couple with 2 kids in 1 room. The hotel 's location is very convenient if one wants to see Hong Kong Island with central , peak etc. Taxies are very convenient and reasonable. Hotel 's overall service is good with neat and clean room , however it does not have may facilities for leisure activities etc .

metro Park is one of the finest hotels available in the good locations in HK and provides easy access to various posh locations and places to enjoy in HK .

you expect a room that fits a little more than your bed and a wardrobe fit for a mouse when you are paying around 100 GBP per night. Whilst the swimming pool looked nice it was too cold to use , no heating I guess. The MetroPark is a real pack em in push em out type hotel. The staff were either watching your every move , even looking over your shoulder to see what you were doing on your computer but on the other hand failed to act on requests. Overall , a basic hotel with poor value .

hotel rooms generally in HK are the small , so the small size of the room was not a shock or problem , it just smelt dirty. The mouldy smell was very strong , and with the AC turned to 5degree.. it was bearable. However , when we adjusted up the temp...so went the smell. I thought the corridoors were dark and dinghy. We were paying $ 650 HK per night per room PLUS $ 91 HK PER PERSON for breakfast. Not very good value. The room was tired and needed refurbinshing. i ahve a feeling that not all the rooms are the same in this hotel...not including the club levels , i think that some areas have been renovated. Overall it was bearable , but you would plan to be in the room as little as possible. The TV was great , the shower water HOT , the bath clean , the sheets clean , and the breakfast was ok. If you are booking this hotel...ask about the age of your room for the money you are paying .

my wife and I stayed in this hotel 21-24 April 2009 .

we stayed at the MetroPark , Causeway Bay and would highly recommend it. We stayed for 2 nights and found the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful , the rooms were spacious and clean with excellent facilities and the hotel itself had a roof top pool and jacuzzi , sauna and gym. The hotel is situated minutes from the Tin Hau station on the MTR. We would also recommend getting a 3 day tourist pass card for the MTR as it includes the airport express - we definitely got our money 's worth. You pay a deposit for the card and can get this back at the airport when you leave .

we stayed at the Metropark for the first time en route to Australia in January and then returning to the UK in April. We were treated courteously by all staff and nothing was too much trouble for any of them. The buffet in the Cafe du Parc in the evenings was terrific value with so much variety , plus a discount of 30 % for guests. The chefs were very accomplished and cooked on request , suggesting dishes besides the specials of the day. Vic 's Bar had a happy hour with live music from a very talented young couple and the atmosphere was great. The breakfasts were also superb .

we stayed at the Metropark for five nights from 23 March 2009. Upon check-in we were informed that our room was not yet ready and were asked if we wanted to go and wait in their lounge area. The valet desk kept our suitcases for us and would be brought up to our room when it was assigned to us. We were given a voucher to get a free tea/coffee/soft drink which was gratefully used .

fantastic stay in the Metro park , incredible views from roof top swimming pool , and from room , expecially at night. I smelt a slightly smoky smell from our room , on first arrival , maybe it was a smoking room once upon a time. Apart from that , great location , 3 minute walk to the nearest metro station , and tram stop. Ordered Disneyland Hong Kong tickets through the hotel , which was brilliant - and very empty in the park !

my partner and I came to Hong Kong for a holiday. His first time here , my second. We were both really impressed with everything the hotel had to offer .

the hotel service was great answering questions about Hong Kong , room cleaniness was fine , concierge was helpful. The location best of all was excellent. Very close to the subway station and the Hong Kong library. Also close to a large park .

stayed in an executive parlour room on floor 30. The decor in this room was modern and stylish and there was a lot of space. The view from the panoramic windows was superb , unobstructed over Victoria Park to the harbour. The airconditioning unit was quiet enough to not disturb .

very friendly hotel located about 150m form Tin Hau MTR station. It 's worth taking a suite cost was HK $ 800 per night . This sounds expensive but includes full breakfast for two and free drinks and snacks in the Exec Lounge on the 29th floor between 17 : 30 to 19 : 30. Staff are very friendly and quality of service is high. To be honest , I can find faults in most hotels but I have no negative comments on the Metropark. I can recommend the Vietnamese restaurant about 50m form the hotel and the Tai Hoo in Causeway Bay. This was recommended to us by the Bar Manager and is excellent quality Cantonese .

we stayed here on Feb 09 for 5 nights. We had 2 parlour suites on 21st floor with excellent views .

this was our first trip to Hong Kong and the Far East and I did a lot of research on Hong Kong area hotels. And my research really paid off because the Metropark has it all. The rooms are not large but nicely appointed and very comfortable. The breakfasts were excellent in terms of selection and service. And the overall service at the hotel was excellent as well , and especailly appreciated was the friendliness of the staff. Not to be funny but there is a McDonalds very close by , and a MTR called Tin Hau is across the street. Another huge plus and especially if you have children is that Victoria Park is across the street from the hotel .

this was our first overseas family holiday and even though my wife and I were experienced travellers this was the first time that we have taken our children abroad with us , so alot of careful planning and research went into place to make sure that the hotel that we chose met our needs. Thanks to trip advisor I was able to conclude my research and choose the Metropark. The hotel was rated as a four star and I must say it far exceeded our expectations. We chose two harbour view suites on the 14th floor and had spectacular uninterupted views over Victoria Harbour. The rooms were immaculate and the service was great. The location of the hotel was also fantastic as it was across the road from Tin Hau Station and upon purchasing the Octopus cards for our family it made our travel plans around Hong Kong as smooth as butter. The hotel is located directly opposite Victoria Park and is only a fifteen minute walk to the main shopping hub of Causeway Bay. The Excelsior Hotel which is classified as a four star as well was virtually double the rate of the Metropark only because of its location , fifteen minutes up the road .....big deal ! ! We will definitely be back to the Metropark !

this hotel is classed as a 3 star , but is easily 4/5 star in UK terms. Its was very comfortable , and offered a good buffet breakfast , including western and chinese food. The staff were extremely helpful. There is every possibility I will be going back to Hong Kong in the next 1/2 years , and will definitely use this hotel .

my fiance and I traveled to HK for Chinese New Year and also to visit family. Through our local travel agent , we went able to get a flight-hotel package for seven nights for a reasonable price from NY , that includes airport transportation .

stayed here recently on my first trip to Hong Kong. It was in a very conveniant location and the views were great from the top floor. We upgraded to a suite after seeing how small the regular rooms were and it was definitely worth it. The suites were a good size , breakfast was good as was happy hour drinks between 5-7. I would recommend this hotel. Prices in Hong Kong are high and I would say this is a good hotel to stay at for the price .

it has been noted that the standard rooms are quite small and that is correct. I stayed in a standard non-view room in November 2008 on a four night stay. I had not been to Hong Kong in more than a decade so it was kind of a new experience for me .

we stayed for 3 nights here , and I must say it is the smallest hotel room we have experienced ever , in Hong Kong. We have been to HK several times , and been in different establishments. The room in Metropark would have to be the smallest , even by HK standards. Even though we asked for a non smoking room on check in , they put us in a smoking room. Unfortunately we did not notice until we went out for dinner , and came back in the late evening to find out. We complained , and they switched rooms for us that night , which was fine except we had already unpacked in the afternoon before we noticed ! They do provide access to the internet in the Business Centre free of charge which was good , and they have free wireless as well on the second floor. Location is okay , quite close to the Tin Hau MTR , but not close to the shopping centres .

we had a harbour view room which was almost too small but not quite. We had a 1yr and 3 month old baby with us so we requested a crib - the room was tight with our luggage to walk around but we managed. For a couple , the room would be spacious enough .

we stayed at the Metropark for two weeks at the beginning of this year/end of last. We had an executive parlour/suite , which I understand is twice the size of a normal room at just over 40 m Â ² . The room was tastefully furnished with large windows , the usual beige background colour but enlivened by a touch of green from the glass walls of the bathroom. The bathroom was very large , and had a separate bath and shower. The walls were glass but not see-through. The beds were , one would have to say firm. The pillows were very comfortable. The television was CRT -- nothing special .

good location for a stop over. A few minutes walk from the MTR underground system and 5 stops from Central Station which is the location for Victoria Peak &amp ; Star Ferry .

i would give this hotel 3 stars .

metropark Hotel Causeway Bay represents a very much above average hotel that we believe any traveler to Hong Kong should seriously consider. The Hotel is well located close to transport , convenience stores , bakery .The Staff is extremely helpful , well trained and we consider felt a home away from home. Our Suite had magnificent views of Hong Kong Harbor , Victoria Peak and the pool on the top floor had a great view. Our bed comfortable , the food for breakfast was very good , and we love the happy hour with great snacking.The management of this hotel should be proud of their achievement and we will always return on future visit to Hong Kong .

rooms were cramped at this place. Location was so so since space is a premium in HK. Not much room to even turn around in the rooms with the beds in place. Quite claustrophobic but it might just be because we didnt want to pay an exhorbitant rates .

we had a nice experience at this hotel , we were staying here for 3 nights on the the way back from a months stay in Australia. We were in an exec room on the 21st floor which meant we got a very quick check in on the 29th floor exec lounge. We actually took over our room at 11am which was execellant after travelling all night from Perth. The view from our room was to die for , we had an amazing view over the Harbour , stunning at night. The room was spacious , clean and full of all mod cons which was expected being that we paid extra for the room. We used the free drinks and nibbles service in the exec lounge every evening between 5 and 7.30pm , this was a nice touch. We also went to the happy hour 2 of the 3 nights we were there , this was from 4.30pm to 9pm and good value with 2 drinks for price of one. After that though the drinks were a bit expensive. As for the location , the shops and restaurants are just only 10 minutes walk away. A brisk 20 minute walk through victoria park will take you to the star ferry which will take you to Kowloon shopping area. 2 dollar one way so cheap. All in all a great stay and would highly reccommend this hotel especially if you can afford the slightly more expensive rooms as the extra service and larger rooms are great value. Will stay here again if and when i visit Hong Kong .

recently returned from 3 nights at the Metropark. Must say our 1st impressions were not great , the entrance to the hotel is small and not particulary attractive - however this is just a minor point .

booked through the hotel â € ™ s website. Room was kind of small but we were hardly in it. There is a great makeup mirror for the ladies that pops up from the bureau and you will find the blow dryer there. Otherwise , there are no outlets in the bathroom. Tea bags were provided in the room .

we chose Metropark Causeway Bay as were on a bit of a budget , but for a much cheaper option than many of the other HK hotels was an all round good experience .

we stayed at the Metro Park for a three night stop oven en route to Australia. We were not disappointed and I can only echo the positive reviews of others .

after traveling around China for about 10 days with a tour , I decided to spend another 10 days in Hong Kong , just sightseeing , eating , and visiting relatives. The address says Causeway Bay , but the MTR station to reach MetroPark is Tin Hau , which is right across the street 5 minutes walk or less . Many of my destinations to tourist spots , bars , shopping , or favorite restaurants are located very close to Tin Hau. On the MTR map , Tin Hau is right next to Causeway Bay , then to Wan Chai , then on to Admirality or transfer to Tsim Tsa Tsui then to Mong Kok , then to Central. So location wise , Metropark gets a 10 from me .

we booked this hotel through Agoda.com and got a non-smoking , Harbour View Room at the 16th floor. We chose this hotel for the location , relatively good reviews and the free shuttle service to and from the HKCEC we attended a convention -- the next best thing to a hotel beside the HKCEC .

we stayed at the Metropark for 3 nights before our trip to Bali. The location of the hotel is great - the MTR is very near to the hotel. The breakfast is superb. The room we had on the 15th floor had no view and was quite small but nicely furnished. The views from the roof were amazing. The pool and the jacussi were great although a bit cold ! ! !

having read numerous good reviews about this hotel I decided to book for 9 days. We have absolutely no regrets and would stay there again. As we did have plenty time , we were able to sit a couple of hours on three suny afternoons at the pool terrace. The views are wonderful .

my wife and I stayed in a Parlour suite room on the 31st floor for 7 nights in June. I can quite honestly say it was the best hotel we have ever stayed in and the views of Hong Kong from our room were just indescribable. It was a simply wonderful experience throughout - can not wait to go back ! ! Thank you Metropark .

we loved this hotel. We got a free upgrade to a harbour view room and this really made a difference as we were not overlooked at all , we had sweeping views over the park towards the harbour , and we could watch the nightly laser show directly out of our window. As a contrast the non-harbour view rooms were very close to the adjacent tower block. As others have mentioned , the rooms are small , but are very comfortable. Ask for a high floor to be further away from road noise if this bothers you .

we just spent nine delightful nights here and we ca n't recommend the place highly enough. Definitely spend the extra bucks for the view over Victoria Park sports fields out to the harbor -- it 's especially lovely at night. The rooms are big enough , if short on storage , with unusually comfortable beds for China. While the bathrooms do n't have tubs , the showers are more than large enough for two very nice ! . The in-desk vanity is a lovely touch my wife really liked , the place is spotlessly clean , and the AC works great , which is crucial in the steamy climate .

stayed for 4 nights on a stop over. Hotel was ok , similar to uk style travel inns. Room was basic and small and bathroom good. Had nice view to harbour. Near to MRT stop about a 5 minute walk and close to convenience store. Roof top pool wa nice and welcome relief after a days sightseeing. Overall no faults , though not spectacular by any means

stayed here two nights. Good location - easy to get to the main sights by taxi or tram. Immediate area has great shopping. Hotel friendly , clean , bar great and breakfast delicious. Room large , great bathroom and views over the city. Staff friendly and attentive. Highly recommended .

just a couple of minutes walk from the MTR stop. Fantastic views from rooftop pool. The buffet breakfast was superb and not as expensive as I had feared .

i stayed in this hotel in august for 8 nights. There was a group of 14 of us and we were all really impressed. I had a harbour view room and it was great. The room was quite spacious and certainly not cramped ! We had two big single beds and a desk etc and plenty of space .

this hotel is perfect for sight seeing. there is a metro stop directly opposite and the buses and trams all stop right outside on the main road. There are a couple of shops next to the hotel where you can buy water etc. Granted the hotel is right at the end of Causeway bay so it takes 10-15 mintes to walk to the centre but even late at night there are no problems and if you wanted you could jump on the metro and take this instead or one of the trams. The staff were very helpful and nice even when I was making the booking they told me about a promotional rate which had not been released. We did n't eat in the hotel , it is however difficult to find places for breakfast in Hong Kong so if it is a prioriy to have breakfast before you start sight seeing it might be worth taking it in the hotel. The room whilst not huge was adequate but we did n't spend much time in it as we found there was so much to do .

we stayed in a standard room no view . They are not really big 21 sq. m but service and cleaningness was as we could expect from a four star hotel .

after reading some rave reviews I think I was expecting more from this hotel than we got. The beds were comfortable and the rooms modern...BUT there was a distinct whiff of stale tobacco now and again in our non-smoking room. Would have liked a bath as well as a shower and we had to reserve 2 rooms for 3 of us as only 2 beds are possible in the rooms. The&quot ; harbour view &quot ; from our rooms , which had cost us extra , would have been better described as a &quot ; tennis court&quot ; view .

stayed in this hotel in August 2006 stopping over on the way to Australia. The hotel is a little out of the way however is very near to a metro station for access to the main sites. The hotel was clean and modern and there is an office on the first/mezzanine floor where you can book day trips which we found extremely useful as we could n't find anywhere else we could book trips , although I guess we were looking in the wrong places !

my family and I Stayed here from July 31st through August 3rd and could not have been more pleased with the hotel. Booked hotel directly through the hotel 's website , after taxes and fees ended up being around 160/night. Upon arrival our room was upgraded to a suite. The size of the suite was good , plenty of room for my wife , our two children ages 4&amp ; 6 and me. The only thing I would change was the bed size , we ended up with two single beds which was a bit of a tight squeeze , would have been nice to maybe have a pull out sofa .

i stayed 3 nights at this hotel and could not be more pleased with the room and the service. The hotel staff are corteous and efficient. The concierge was very helpful in giving travel tips. The room was small but clean and comfortable. There was a converter in one of the drawers , which was a blessing when I needed to charge my cellphone. The gym and pool were excellent and had gorgeous views of Victoria Park. The hotel has a free shuttle that takes you to the shopping area and convention center. There 's free internet access on the 2nd floor business center and also at the public library a few blocks away. I found it easy to walk to various MTR stations and to walk to the shopping area. There 's a grocery store down the street from the hotel , which made it very convenient to buy water and snacks. I would definitely stay at this hotel again .

we stayed at the Metropark Causeway Bay for 3 nights at the end of our honeymoon in May 2008 the rest of the honeymoon was spent in Australia . We booked on the hotel website mainly based on the high marks the hotel got on Tripadvisor. It seemed to be the best value available on a decent room in a good location with a good view .

overall this hotel was below par for me. See my other hotel reviews and you will see the benchmarks to which review hotels. I arrived at 5pm ad everything seemed fine and the guy confirmed my room was ready. His colleague looked at the computer and they said I would need to wait a while and this was 5pm , but they did give me a free beer while I waited so was not too bothered. Fifteen minutes later they told me the room was ready and I was given one on the 7th floor .

excellent experience .

i booked this having read the reviews here and was forced to book a suite because our young child and baby could not be accomodated in a standard or deluxe room. As it was we had to have our son on existing bedding with us two single beds or otherwise take two rooms but they did n't have any connecting available so our family would have been seperated . We found this a problem all around Hong Kong where rooms are small .

i stayed at this hotel back in 2005. It was quite good for the price , but really hard to walk to from the metro station. It took me forever to find the place. There are many restaurants within 10-15 min walk , but just around the hotel there is not much .

stayed for 2 nights in an Exec Level Room on the 24th floor 2406 I think , this is important because the view was just outstanding- the even numbered rooms had the harbour view .

my husband and I had a harbour view executive parlour room which was clean , comfortable and spacious with a seperate lounge area. The bed was particularly comfortable and made for a good night 's rest , especially as the hotel is quiet. There was a generous bowl of fruit in the room to welcome us .

upon my arrival all the staff here is very very very helpful and friendly. It made me feel very comfortable , everyone from the check-in , receptionist , concierge , business lady the most helpful and nicest person , up to the housekeeping lady. The room sure is tiny , yet very clean and comfy. The location is great , just a minute walk from the Tin-Hau MTR station , bus station and tram. The hotel also has their own free shuttle to Wan Chai and Causeway Bay area , which is very convenient. Another interesting find is that the hotel is just next to a coach service that goes to Shenzhen , so it will be a breeze should anyone need a quick trip there. Finding food is easy around the area , as there are supermarkets , convenience store just down stairs , not to mention some restaurants and also a pub near by .

the room is very small. I was given a smoking room at the beginning but reception replaced the room for me later on .

i only stayed 3 nights , I could n't fault it in anyway , and the view from the roof was simply stunning .

we stayed at this hotel for our first wedding anniversary and it was amazing. We went in February 2007 , which was a good time of year to visit Hong Kong - warm but not too smoggy. Also it was the Chinese New Year celebrations , which were a spectacle to behold ! We would highly recommend this hotel .

the hotel is in an excellent location , a stone 's throw from Tin Hau MTR , tram and bus stops plus only around 10 minute walk through Victoria Park to Causeway Bay with Times Square shopping on your doorstep .

i have been to Hong Kong a few times and stayed at different hotels but beside the Langham Monkok , I find other hotels quite old and not really worth the money. This time as budget travellers , we booked ourselves into this Metropark hotel and were quite nervous with the quality of a 1000HKD about 130USD /night deal including breakfast for 2 and free non-wireless broadband internet and a harbour view . But when we got there , we could n't be any happier. This hotel is far better than some much more expensive ones I 've stayed at in Hong Kong. The hotel is cute and quite small with contemporary decoration. The room is also small but very new and well decorated. Both the bedroom and bathroom are as clean as new with a big shower I personally do n't like shower over the bathtub so to me this is a PLUS . The service is wonderful , the staff is very helpful and friendly. We borrowed umbrellas from the hotel and returned the wrong one once , but they did n't make a big deal out of it. We actually have 3 people but I only booked in for 2 as it requires on the website but no one really cared anyway not that any hotel I 've stayed at in HK is bothered by that . Buffet breakfast at the cafe is decent and cost about 96HKD/extra guest with hotel discount . Since our group has 3 people and 2 medium size luggage , taxi from the airport back to the hotel would cost about 400HKD including tolls and luggage charge at 5HKD/piece . The bus would be much cheaper at 40HKD/each but with a lot of luggage + bad weather , there is n't many choices. The hotel is 5 mins walk to Tin Hau MTR Station and about 20 mins walking to Timesquare and Soho area. The area around the hotel at night does n't have many activities compared to Park Lane hotel Causeway Bay but you can easily walk there or pay 4HKD for MTR ticket from Tin Hau to Causeway Bay station or 16HKD for a taxi ride. If there 's anything about this hotel that I would complain about , that would be their kinda-thin-toilet-papers : -D heehee. I would definitely come back !

have to agree with recent reviews. Super location for transport with the MTR , buses and trams to take you around the city just a few hundred yards away. Buses to Stanley and Aberdeen etc are also just up the road from the tram stop .

a fantastic modern hotel situated in the heart of Causeway Bay and well placed to explore a wonderfully bustling city. The staff were incredibly helpful and the room very reasonable and clean. The bar has a real atmosphere karaoke a definite draw but obviously not to everyone 's taste ! and the food served is of a good quality. All in all well worth a visit considering the very reasonable price to stay .

this hotel had good access to the centre , and staff were very helpful and friendly. The hotel was clean and the rooms comfortable. Breakfasts were very good with lots of variety

it was easy to get to the underground , hop on a tram or get on a bus from the Metropark Causeway Bay. Staff were friendly and very helpful. Rooms are clean , small but functional. When you visit Hong Kong you do n't want to stay in the room much which is fortunate for us as our room was at the back and looked directly across into another block of flats and our friends room looked into a block of flats that were being renovated/newly built and was surrounded by green netting. No , we were not given a view over the harbour - do you have to pay extra for that we wondered ? There is no lounge to sit in only a few chairs and low tables by the lift or in the bar. However the staff went out of their way to serve us when we had n't book a table in the restaurant and we only wanted a snack. They moved tables , laid it with white stiff cloths and napkins and served us in the foyer outside the restaurant - the food still tasted good and we were appreciative. Each morning someone knocked on the door to see if we had any laundry we wanted doing. We have stayed at the sister hotel in Kowloon but this is more convenient and we would stay here again .

we were looking for a comfortable hotel for an extended stay in HK and definitely found it at the Metropark Causeway Bay .

fantastic Hotel. Centrally located. The staff were great - their service levels were above and beyond expectations. And the rooms were amazing. Even if you do n't have a harbour view room and it 's a real shame if you do n't you can still take the lift up to the roof , to the pool , and see the great view from there .

we have just returned from a week at this hotel and simply can not fault it. It is the most professional , welcoming hotel we have ever stayed at anywhere in the world. I have broken the review down into the particular areas :

i stayed at the Metropark for 4 days in May , 2008. We had booked a double room. I was traveling with my adult son and they did not have a room with twin beds when we checked in. They provided a roll away free of charge , however for the first 3 nights. We checked out for one night at Macau and were provided a twin room when we returned. Our room was an Executive Parlor room with a great view of the harbor and Victoria Park. The room was large , with a small sitting area. The staff was very helpful. They provided free internet access through computers at the executive level check in. Breakfast was a small but excellent buffet with terrific coffee at the executive level check in. You could also go to a restaurant. The room was attractively furnished. The room was quiet with little to no noise from other rooms. They have a complimentary happy hour in the evening. The bed was firm but comfortable. The bathroom was large and well designed with a separate shower and tub. There is a subway stop 2 blocks from the hotel , and it is on the same line with a stop connected to the airport express. We took the taxi to the city stop for the airport express because we had a couple of large bags and did n't want to lug them up the flight of stairs at the top of the subway station. There are many excellent restaurants one subway stop way from the hotel or a short walk if do n't mind the excercise. The subway line also connects a few stops away to the line that goes to Kowloon. We enjoyed our stay at the hotel and would stay there again if we return. There is a small market at the end of the same block if need water or snacks and do n't want to pay mini bar prices. There is also a 7-11. Restaurants in the immediate area , were not great , but you 're only a few blocks from an area with lots of shopping and restaurants .

the Metropark Causeway Bay Hotel is an excellent place to stay for business or leisure. The propery is in an excellent location , close to the shopping district and a rather large park for Hong Kong . From your room , you have a sweeping view of Hong Kong Island to your left and ahead , and a panoramic view of the harbor. The rooftop pool also provides for an excellent vantage point to those areas , as well as the hills and buildings behind the property. The workout facility on the top floor is also above-average. Service is above-average for the city , and the building is immaculately clean. The hotel bar is a nice place to wind down after a long day. It is not a luxury or boutique hotel , but it is an excellent value for the money. My only real criticism is the size of the room , which I found to be small pursuant to European and Asian standards extremely small compared to American equivalents . Perhaps I 'm too sensitive to the size of the room given my own dimensions 6'5 , but these reviews are designed for the subjective as opposed to the objective. If I could rate the property a four and a half , I would do it. Since I do n't have that option on Tripadvisor , the small room , specifically the small bed , brought it down to a four. There are other , better hotels with larger rooms on Hong Kong Island , but you will pay extra. All in all this is a great hotel and worth the price of admission .

stayed from the 30th april to the 7th of may 2008 , I booked this hotel based on the reviews posted on tripadvisor , and I was n't disappointed. The hotel room I stayed was a harbour view room on th 17th floor , which had a nice view , &amp ; was quite clean. But the room size was quite small. Other then that I ca n't fault the service in the hotel , the staff were friendly &amp ; helpful , and the buffet breakfast was great , from a full english breakfast to a continental breakfast .

we stayed on the executive floor - large comfortable space with a good view. A good breakfast. A nice pool and health club on the roof. Attentive service. Will return !

i arrived April 1 , leaving May 10 for business - thank goodness I decided on Metropark Causeway Bay. I booked a Panorama Executive Suite - the room is very large , clean and bright with comfortable furniture and fully equipped. The view is spectacular and the extras included are worth the upgrade. I have a huge bowl of fresh fruit delivered each Monday , daily paper at my door , pm turndown service replacing any used towels , free breakfast offered from either the restaurant or the private Panorama lounge , which then offers free cocktails and snacks from 5 : 30 to 7 : 30 daily and free broadband from all rooms . The Panorama staff is there for your every whim ; the staff throughout actually. Maintenance is great and the room is always spotless , others are always around the hotel polishing , staff will deliver almost anything you require within minutes. The concierge area offers free daily shuttle service that drops guests at the Convention Centre in Wanchai several times in the morning from where you can continue to your destination very conveniently. There are two pm pick-ups from this same location. The pool / gym area has the best view in town of the harbour and Victoria Park .

i booked this hotel based on other reviews and was very happy and pleased with both the location and roof top pool along with a reasonable rate for Hong Kong. This hotel has one of the best pools and views in Hong Kong. I love the location is in a Chinese neighborhood and not in a touristy area like Kowloon .

basically , the Metropark is one the best hotels in Hong Kong , based upon the price-location-facilities formula. It 's located next to an MTR station , it 's a 40 HKD cab-ride from Central , and has everything that a more expensive business-class hotel would offer but at a third of the price of the competition .

i picked this hotel because of the great reviews from tripadvisor â € ¦ and frankly I was a bit disappointed â € ¦

we stayed in a Parlour Suite on the 30th floor for a week. The room was large with a superb view over the harbour and a big bathroom. These rooms also have broadband , lounge area and bar , and modern design. Everything was spotlessly clean , the staff were friendly and helpful , and the breakfast was excellent Chinese and Western food available . The roof top pool is a real bonus. We could n't fault the hotel , and we also got a discounted price through the hotel website. The location is excellent as the tram line and MTR stations are 5 minutes walk away .

stayed here for 4 nights in March....Nice clean room. Small but who cares. Staff VERY friendly. Location in Causeway Bay is fine , its a 3 minute walk to the Tin Hau MTR station. All in all a great hotel. We paid $ 125 CAN per night .

used the Metropark as a stopover for 2 nights en route to Australia. On arrival at 9.30a.m. our rooms were n't quite ready but the staff made every effort to prepare the room as soon as possible still early morning . The staff were very polite , courteous and understanding that we were very tired ! Had harbour view rooms , which were spotless , and well furnished. The buffet dinner and breakfast were both excellent value for money. Location was very good , next to Victoria park and a short walk from the main shopping areas. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Doors were opened whenever we left or entered the building , staff greeting us with brolly bags upon our return from a heavy shower ! Well done Metropark !

there are several 'Metropark ' hotels in HK. This is about the Metropark in Causeway Bay. We had some celebrating to do so paid a bit extra and booked a parlour suite on the top floors. This was an excelent choice. The rooms are larger , the views across Hong Kong harbour are stunning , and the parlour 'extras ' turn an ordinary stay into a very special and memorable stay. These extras include use of the Panorama club on the 29th floor , buffet breakfast , evening cocktails , free broadband , 4 p.m. checkout , personalised express checkin/checkout in the Panorama club. In other words - 'A grade ' treatment that makes you feel very special. Our room was great , 28th floor with magnificent harbour view , huge bathroom , and great service. The staff in the Panoramam club are great - speak good English and friendly , helpful and charming. They knew the local area and organised a great restaurant for our final night in HK. Getting around HK from the Metropark is easy. The hotel has a shuttle bus but we did n't use it. We bought Octopus stored value cards and used them to travel from the adjacent subway station and then on the Star ferries and Peak tram. HK is a very easy city to get around , and this hotel was in a great location .

the hotel location is not far from Causeway Bay where all shoppings can be done , but better take the tram which only cost HKD2.00/person .

we have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Metropark Causeway Bay. My husband and I were very impressed by the service and cleaniness of the hotel and rooms .

we stayed two nights in March at this great hotel. The thing we particularly loved was it 's position. It is so simple to get to everywhere using either the tram , which is steps away , the MTR , which is just across the road , or a bus from outside the hotel .

good place to use as a base to explore. Short walk to the underground trains , trams and plenty of buses and taxis .

stayed here for three nights. There is a subway station 100 metres from the hotel so not sure why someone said it was far. The staff here were very helpful and polite. The rooms are n't the biggest but this is Hong Kong. You get a great view of the harbour light show and the breakfast is one of the best for value and choice for this star rating. If you 're into exercise you can have a good workout with a stunning view from the 32nd floor .

great stay. Contemporary , nice rooms. Helpful staff. Center of Mong Kok , A bit far from the Subway , but that 's not the hotel 's fault... .

we had a harbour view room , which was characterless and compact but clean and comfortable. My husband said it was everything he wants in a business hotel , with a good desk , comfortable bed and tea/coffee making facilities. The bathroom was well maintained and very clean. Our shower there was no bath was large and lovely. We had an angled view of the harbour over Victoria Park , which was lit up and choked with crowds for the annual market - we were in HK over Lunar New Year .

stayed at the Metropark Jan 2007 , and again this time in Jan-Feb 2008. Both times have been great .

stayed there twice during our trip in Asia and Oceania. Efficient , friendly and comfortable ! There is not much to say because our stay was so easy breezy with total contendness as testified by other guests .

this hotel is beautiful. All glass and marble. View was terrific and pool on roof an real treat. Transportation withing one block both subway , tram , and bus. Travel agency in hotel very helpful as was all of the staff. Recommend highly .

stayed here for a week in January in a harbour view room .

after a lot of researching and a lot of advice from this website we booked a long stay package 8 nights at the Metropark .

i stayed for 3 nights at the start of December. This was my first trip to Hong Kong as a stopover to Australia. I was in a Harbour View room on the 8th floor. The room was lovely and a perfect size if you 're sightseeing as you only need it to put your head down at night .

stayed there for 5 days at the beginning of the year. Although a bit far removed from Central and the business district , the hotel is located close to a MTR station and it was easy to hail a taxi .

stayed here 7 nights in an executive suite. Standard room is very small and is very close to neighboring bldg. Other than the suites , rooms are small. Location is good except you really have to be careful crossing 2 streets when going to the hotel from the closest Tin Hau MTR station exit exit B I believe . Using exit A1 from Tin Hau MTR station is an extra couple of minute walk but a lot safer to cross 2 streets. Desk lamp and TV remote did n't work that well initially. Cleanliness so so. Old TV. Service and food so so. Quite expensive eating at their restaurant all 3 meals . Had a bit of damp smell maybe from the AC in the suite. Not sure if I would stay here again. Pool is nice and offers great views but it is not heated .

we enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Metropark Causeway Bay. We had a standard harbour view room on the 18th floor. Above the 18th floor are the executive rooms with sitting area , etc . We thought the room was quite luxurious and had everything we could possible need. We also managed to get a great rate through an on line agency GB Â £ 50 per night , room only .

me and my boyfriend stayed for four nights in 2006 and thought it great value .

firstly I did n't enjoy Hong Kong at all. 3 days was quite long enough BUT the saving grace was the MetroparkCauseway .

stayed here at the metropark for four nights mid november. Looked at a number of hotels , but the Metropark offered the best value. I booked through the hotels own website. Got a harbour view room for about 560 euro for 4 nights .

we stayed for a two night stopover on our way to Australia. Although our harbour view room was small it was nonetheless first class. The location makes it ideal for the tourist as you can easily access Victoria Peak , CBD and Kowloon cheaply and easily via the excellent rail system. Tin Hau Station is virtually opposite the main entrance to the Hotel .

we had a harbour view room which was nice , but the hotel is not very exciting. We never had breakfast there , it was very expensive. The pool on the top floor was not heated but looked nice. The room OK in size. The location is a little off , but fairly close to a metro station. Information from the concierge was not reliable. Would probably not stay there again .

stayed 3N , 4D. Beautiful hotel and central location , only 5 minute walk to MTR .

we recently stayed at this hotel following reviews from other travellers. It was our first visit to Hong Kong .

the Metropark is a very basic but functional hotel. The rooms are really smallish , but they are the standard in Hongkong. We were upgraded to harbourview rooms and glad that they did because the standard rooms are in the back of the hotel , no view there save for the concrete jungle. Broadband is free , even if not wi-fi , other hotels in Hongkong still charge for internet access. Used the shuttle to go to the convention center , very convenient. Staff are helpful , speaks English , housekeeping did their job. No iron &amp ; board , no alarm clock , safe not big enough to hold my notebook. So I just left my computer in the room , nobody was interested in taking it .

we stayed at Metro Park Causeway Bay for 16 nights in November 2007. Although we enjoyed an inexpensive special rate for this stay , we will not hesitate to stay at Metro Park again even if we have to pay regular rate. It is an excellent facility with courteous and efficient staff. The room is quiet and well decorated. The housekeeping is impeccable and consistent. For each of the 16 nights , we returned to a tidy and spotless room. Metro Park Causeway Bay is right across the street from Tin Hou MTR station subway . The free hotel shuttle bus to Convention and Exhibition Centre and the main shopping district in Causeway Bay is a convenient amenity .

have just returned after spending 6 nights here. It is a lovely hotel , great value for money compared to other hotels in Hong Kong .

this hotel is one of the newest built in Hong Kong. It is modern , clean , compact , and the service shames most other hotels. The hotel itself is not particularly grand , but extremely clean , with lovely big showers and big , comfy beds. The swimming pool on the 32nd floor is wonderful , as you still feel part of the city although you 're immersed in the water .

we arrived in HK early and were able to get our suite by 11am as well as enjoy the complimentary breakfast. We appreciated the fact that the staff understood how tired we were from traveling. We booked the Metropark for its location and the availability of a suite. They have long-staying rates that make it cheaper than just booking online. The suite had a bathroom with a separate shower and tub in the room and toilet outside in the living room. My only complaint about the room is that the beds and pillows are too soft. Everything else is great !

we stayed in one of the hotels Executive Palour Suite rooms for three nights in November and found it to be vwry good The hotel is very convenient for the MTR underground system and a short walk from the shopping and restaurants at Causeway Bay .

this hotel looks great from the website photos but is not as flash in reality in some parts. The room had a great view but smelt horrible. The corridor smelt the same. We needed to change rooms and the next room smelt musty too. Small rooms , average bathrooms , very expensive over rated breakfast , but great service , very friendly .

we saw pretty good reviews of this hotel on TripAdvisor so decided to book it. There 's quite a few Metropark hotels in Hong Kong. This one is towards the west of the centre of Hong Kong Island. It 's right opposite Tin Hau tube station which is on the Island Line of the MTR .

i stayed at the Metropark in September having booked it with the hotel directly and getting a long stay package and an executive suite. I was there for 14 nights staying in a room with my mum and my aunt .

we stayed there for 7 nights in late October .

i stayed here on a business trip for 3 nights. The hotel is located well away from the harbour and our room overlooked a run down building .

we booked a long stay 7 nights package for an Executive

we booked this hotel through British Airways at a very reasonable rate .

we are just not used to the excellence of service and value for money that you can get in hong kong in general and metropark was particularly good. We loved it

this is a strange one. My wife and a friend of ours visited , having booked through an online travel agency. When the 3 of us arrived to check in the staff clearly had two seperate documents for two rooms , one for two people , the second for one.They only checked two of us in - myself and our friend , into one room. with two single beds. They &quot ; upgraded&quot ; us but then got upset when I told them they had it wrong. It seemed they totally ignored my wife who was standing next to me because she did not hand her passport over we had , wrongly , assumed one per soon , not everyone 's . This set the tone of the visit as it was like dealing with the Civil Service or Prefects at school. Having sorted out the booking we then waited over an hour for luggage to come - I went to get it myself which caused some sort of action having had reception tell me 30 minutes earlier it was already on it 's way to us

my boyfriend and I stayed at the Metropark for a week in September and can not fault it ! It is excellent value for money , the staff were friendly and helpful , the rooms were clean and modern we did n't have a harbour view room but by going to the roof you have excellent views across Victoria Park and the harbour . All the usual amenities were available , we did n't eat at the hotel as there are so many good and cheaper , I think the breakfast buffet works out at around Â £ 7 a head restaurants around .

stayed here for four nights on a stopover returning from Australia. We chose it because it was pretty cheap for Hong Kong , but had gotten good reviews on here. Overall it was a good choice. The rooms are nicely appointed. True , they are small , but that 's the norm for Hong Kong. If you want big and spacious , you 'd better get a suite somewhere ! Location is fine. You are just on the edge of Causeway Bay. So close enough to enjoy the hustle and bustle , but far enough away to escape it too. Tin Hau underground station is a two minute walk form the hotel , so you can get anywhere in the city very quickly. One of the hotels best features is the roof top pool on the 32nd floor. If you are lucky and get clear weather the views are amazing. The worst feature is possiby the view or lack of it if you have a room on the back of the hotel. Had we realised that we would be staring straight into someones apartment opposite , we would have paid the extra money for a room at the front with some sort of view. Due to this we felt the need to keep our curtains closed most of the time we were in the room. We did not use the hotel restaurant , for two reasons. Firstly it 's billed as Franco-Japanese fusion. That combination did nothing for my appetite ! Plus they have live entertainment , in the form of some local crooner. Every evening on our return from the days exploits we 'd hear them whilst we waited for the lift in the lobby. This little taster of what was on offer did not tempt us to go down for a bigger helping ! I guess overall , I would say this was a good place to lay your head for the night , and catch a few rays on the roof. Beyond that , this is not a hotel to hang around in and enjoy .

nice place at a really decent price for proper Hong Kong hotel we booked through a thai website , great deal . It is not in centre of town but is 2 seconds from a tube line or you can do what we did every day for fun and get the trams that run all the way into the city. Pool on top is small but lovely for relaxing after HOT days sightseeing. So easy to get anywhere from here .

we have just returned from Hong Kong where we spent the first 5 nights of our Honeymoon at the Metro Park hotel. I had booked the room through the website &quot ; Asiarooms.com&quot ; and had paid extra for a Harbour View room and had told them that we were a honeymoon couple .

we loved the Metropark. On arrival we were upgraded to an executive suite which was great as we have a 3 year old boy so it gave that extra room that made all the difference .

we stayed at the metro park for 4 nights at the end of july 07. Their price was very reasonable and location close to the MTR and victoria park was a big plus. My wife was training for a marathon and she was worried she would n't feel safe running in HK. But Victoria park was wonderful for her training and she felt very safe. The park would also be ideal for families. .

our visit to HK and Macau included a stay at the Metropark Hotel in Causeway Bay. We booked through the hotel website which was seamless and had great rates for the holiday season .

  June 2007

when we came through Hong Kong in June after an absence of several years we decided to stay on the Hong Kong side , as a change from Kowloon where we had always stayed previously .

we stayed in the Metropark Hotel , Causeway Bay for nine nights from the 1st of June. We made our reservation directly via the hotel website and from the moment we arrived we never had to lift a bag or open a door as the service was excellent .

me and my husband stayed at the hotel for 2 nigths in April. we found the hotel to be of good standard , nice and modern and clean with good facilities and bathroom. The breakfast was good value for money and wish we had eaten there on one of our eveings. The location is slightly out of the centre , but this was not an issue as there is underground tube about 3 min walk from the hotel which takes a few minutes to get into the centre and is very cheap and efficent , never waiting more than a couple of mins for the tube. If you walk , it will take baout 10 - 15 mins. the area felt safe all times of the day . overall a great stop of hotel , pity the weather wasnt slightly better as we would have sued the pool which is situated on top of the hotel roof with amazing views of hongkong

my aunt &amp ; I stayed for 3 nights as part of a tour package. It was a nice hotel w/friendly , customer oriented service. Breakfast part of our package was terrific - much variety. Pool had a fabulous view of the Bay &amp ; Victoria Park &amp ; there was a good exercise room w/views. View from room was also very good although HK smog was an impediment . Free internet was an unexpected bonus. We felt we got very good value .

we stayed for three nights from May 28th and were upgraded to a harbour view room with a free breakfast thrown in ! The room was spotless and the staff could not be faulted. Nothing much more to add as previous rewiewers have already mentioned the close proximity to Tin Hau MTR station,bus and tram stops etc .

my wife and I chose this hotel from the Virgin Holidays Brochure as part of our Far East tour to celebrate my 60th Birthday. We loved the hotel , the service , the location and our view was exactly what we hoped for. We only stayed 3 nights but when we return we will stay there again. Breakfasts were good even though cheaper meals can be found in the immediate area and late night snacks were enjoyable. We did not find out until the last evening of the shopping faciliteis in Causeway Bay just on our doorstep and when we return we will enjoy these more. Overall an excellent hotel with very , very helpful staff .

my wife i had have just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel and can highly recommend it. I would suggest if possible you upgrade your room to a suite we paid an extra $ 500 hong kong dollars per night but well worth it - the breakfast comes with the room and is excellent. we found we could eat as much as you loke that would see you through the day without the need of paying for a lunch. the service was excellent in this hotel very friendly. if we return to hong kong we would stay there again.very easy to get anywhere in Hong Kong from here with the MTR only yards away and so easy to use.very clean and safe. we can highly recommend a stay here

we stayed at the Metropark for 8 nights and had no complaints at all .

my husband and I really enjoyed our week in Hong Kong. A suite at the Metropark is good value , we had excellent views and appreciated the quiet breakfasts and afternoon teas in the Panorama Lounge. Free use of the PCs enabled us to keep in easy contact with home. A swim in the pool was lovely after a day sightseeing. The location , off the main road , was great with easy access to public transport. The staff were very attentive .

i stayed at this hotel with my husband for three nights in May 07. We had a disappointing start with this hotel. We arrived in Hong Kong quite late at night. We checked in to our room gone midnight to find that we had been given a room with two separated singles beds. When we booked our holiday we had specifically requested a double room. My husband went back to reception to request a double room and was told that they had all been given away. We were told we could be moved the next morning. The annoying part was that we were not informed of this when we checked in and we got the impression that they had hoped we would not notice. True to their word though they did move us and our luggage the next day. The hotel itself was very nice and clean. At first I thought the hotel was not in an ideal location but after spending the day in the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong it was nice to get away from the crowds. The train service in Hong Kong is fantastic , so as long as you use that then location should not be a problem. Room service was fantastic , and the buffet breakfast was also good. Overall the staff were friendly and helpful and I would stay there again. If you want a room with a room make sure you ask for it as parts of the hotel overlook a residential area .

we stayed at the Metropark from the 21 to 29 April. Harbour view room was brilliant over looked Victoria Park. The hotel service was superb. Good breakfast buffet and dining facilities. The views from the roof top pool and the fitness room were again excellent. The hotel was very close to the MTR , buses and trams just purchase an Octopus card when you arrive in Hong Kong. Visited China and Macau during our stay. We will definitlely stay at the Metropark when we visit Hong Kong again .

just returned from the most fabulous hotel experience EVER !

having read the reviews on here we decided to book the Metropark for our 5 night stay in Hong Kong and found that we got the best rate through Thomson 's Travel Agent rather than various web sites .

when we arrived at the hotel late at night tired from our trip , we were greeted by very loud and unpleasant karaoke singing at the lobby. Then we were given a room smelled of cigarette or what ever that smell was. Even we paid more for a habour view room , we were given a room with only a partial view. We complained about the smell and the view , the receptionist told us that the hotel is partially blocked by another building and it 's not possible to have a full view. We were also told that the veiw would be better in the morning ? ! ! ! We knew it 's not true because we saw some of the pictures on this site. We were tired and did n't want to bother about the view but the smell really bothered us so we asked to changed to another room. This new room that we were given still had the smell. We were totally disappointed with this hotel because we thought it would be good after reading the reviews .

simply the best value suites in Hong Kong. great position , fantastic views , good breakfast , helpful staff. Avoid their Karoke bar at night though .

i have stayed in Hong Kong many many times on business - on an expense account. When I had to reach into my own pocket I asked business contacts where they stay when they come to Hong Kong with their families and universally they say the Metropark in Causeway Bay. We upgraded to a suite and we strongly recommend such upgrade. The suite is a very good size compared to many higher price hotels that I have stayed in e.g. , Conrad , Island Shangri-La . One great value is the 7/11 only 15 yards from the Hotel Entrance at which you can buy water/snacks/noodles. The internet worked fantastic and the location is great - especially if you are willing to take 10 minutes to learn to use the subway. There was a real bath in the bathroom which my wife liked and the suite had a small second bathroom so that two sinks could be in use at the same time when we were getting ready to go out. Downsides - the airconditioner did n't quite seem to work. Also I had some business in town so asked the front desk for an official exchange rate statement for calculating my expenses and they did n't want to give me one and finally make me feel like I was a jerk for asking for one. Other than that - on your own dime in HK - I strongly recommend this. HK is small and you can taxi everywhere from the Hotel .

i stayed at the Metropark for 7 nights in March based on the reviews here. The hotel was great - terrific value. Thanks to everyone who posted !

my husband and I stayed here for 7 nights 29th March-6th April and could really say for the cost it is-

having recently stayed at the Metropark Hotel in Causeway Bay from 13 March - 25 March 07 in Hong Kong , I can highly recommend this hotel to travellers looking for accomodation. This hotel is very well located close to Tin Hau station which has many bakeries and restaurants to Victoria Park and the shopping area of SOGO .

to be honest , after reading all rave reviews on this hotel , we were a

we were there the first week of March. For what we paid , this is one of the best deal for hotels in Hong Kong. The hotel 's location is very convenient , right next to a MTR station. The hotel is fairly new. The room is nicely decorated , and big enough for the 2 of us. We ate at the Cafe De Coral , and the dim sum restaurant near the hotel .

this is a beautiful hotel we asked if poss a room with a view of hong kong we had a really good room and view at no extra cost but only quarter of hotel rooms have a good view so ask yes it is a bit out of hong kong this makes no difference as the public transport is from another world right out side is the metro which runs every 4 mins to anywhere this is a nice place in general there was me and my wife and two sons 13 16 we always felt safe even in of beat areas such as pifer street market monkock a must when we came home we can see what England has lost RESPECT

we stayed in the Metropark for 3 nights out of five in HKG , where the first two were spent in L'Hotel just round the corner - I 've posted a review for L'Hotel also , so the location comments are very similar , but to re-iterate... .

my husband an I had a one night stay at the hotel. I suppose after the favourable reviews , my expectation of the hotel was raised , so much so that I was a little disappointed. The room was clean alright , but so small and it was facing an office block. So the expectation about a good view was quashed. It was located opposite the Tin-Hau MTR station , exit B2. Not many people seem to know the hotel , and we nearly dragged our luggages and walked all the way to Causeway Bay. You see several people that we asked for direction did n't seem to know the hotel , and when they heard Causeway Bay , they just pointed us to the Causeway Bay direction. My husband spotted two tall buildings just opposite the station and decided to walk over to check them out while I stayed with the luggages. Luckily he did that as otherwise we would be walking the next 10 - 15 minutes towards the Causeway Bay direction for nothing .

what a great hotel. The staff was excellent as well as he room. The view from the roof spa area magnificent .

we stayed at the Metropark Causeway Bay in Jan/Feb 07. The hotel was new and the rooms were newly furnished , clean and neat and had internet access .

it has been an ambition of mine to visit Hong Kong for many years , so I checked with trip adivsor for an hotel &amp ; opted for the Metropark , &amp ; boy am I glad that I did .

we myself , my wife and two kids,ages 10 and 11 stayed at the Metropark Hotel in Hong Kong this past January for 4 nights .

the hotel was reasonably central in Hong Kong Island , being a couple of minutes walk from the metro station and then only a couple of stops to central shopping and sights. There is a park almost opposite , which was good for a stroll in the mornings , away from the bustle .

our room is small , but it is very clean , pleasantly decorated and comes with a free Internet connection. Breakfast is not included but you can enjoy it at nearby restaurants like the locals do ; well , you â € ™ ll have to get used to crowded places and sharing tables. Within half a block there â € ™ s a laundry shop that will wash your cloths by weight. Within a block there â € ™ re bus stops and a subway station. Around the corner there â € ™ s a supermarket and a 7-11. If you don â € ™ t mind to walk , Causeway Bay is only 15 minutes away. If you do n't want to walk , however , the hotel can shuttle you to Time Square. Location is everything and need I say more ?

stayed here in October 06. This was a really nice , clean , modern and fairly new hotel .

location -good -a quiet area away from hustle &amp ; bustle of Causeway Bay shops but 5 minutes walk.Close to MTR .

stayed here for a few days and its a solid hotel in a good location with helpful staff .

great value hotel. Small rooms and no enormous lobby areas but still the quality of luxury hotels. Terrific view from harbour view rooms makes up for lack of spaciousness .

we stayed there for 3 nights and were blown away by the view in our room , which we had to upgrade to a suite due to the 3rd unexpected person in our party. It was still super reasonable ! I have to say that Hong Kong is now my new favorite asian city ! The service at the hotel was great , and the breakfast buffet was very nice , everything was fresh. We chose this hotel due to all the positive reviews from Tripadvisor , and we would/will stay there again. Convenient location , close to the subway , shopping and restaurants. Ca n't wait to go back !

great Bang for the buck,

stayed in the Metropark for 4 nights in September. It was clean , helpful , friendly and it 's a good location to get around Hong Kong. Conveniently near the Underground. The hotel helped us sort out any trips or to find out how to get where we wanted to. I could n't belive what good value it was .

very nice , hotel staff was great &amp ; very helpful , room was small common in HK . We paid $ 73. plus taxes for a standard room with a double bed but when we got there they said they only had single beds.available but would upgrade us to a deluxe room , I told them this was unacceptable as we had reserved in advance &amp ; wanted a double bed. They ended up eventually finding one in a standard room. It was very clean , the view was of an apartment bldg. directly behind it , bed was comfortable , bathroom was great , but the room had a musty smell to it. I heard the same comment from someone else , so it was n't just our room The in-room wireless was appreciated. The location is excellent , Causeway Bay &amp ; was very close to MTR &amp ; buses. Would definitely stay there again .

i stayed at the Metropark for 6 nights and would happily stay there again when I return. As soon as I arrived , a porter opened the door for me and directed me to reception to check in which was quick and efficient. The staff were very polite .

this was our first time in Hong Kong. We chose this hotel after having read the reviews on trip advisor. We found this to be an excellent hotel for the money. The rooms were spotless and comfortable. I would recomend requesting a harbour view. The staff were excellent and could not do enough for us. The hotel is a little way out from the main attractions , but you should not be put off by this as the metro stop is just over the road and the metro is cheap and easy to use. The shops of Causeway bay are just a 5 minute walk across the park. This is probably one of the best 3 star hotels I have stayed in , and why waste more money , we were hardly in our rooms anyway , with so much to do and see .

my wife and I stayed here in Nov . 06 , sorry the review is a bit late .

great location and great service. It 's every-so-slightly off the beaten path , so it 's in a quieter , more authentic , corner of Hong Kong. But it 's right across the street from an MTR station , the tram , and Victoria Park. The staff are very friendly and helpful , but their English is not as good as those hotels that are used to having visitors from other countries. Still , they try hard and you wo n't have any problems coming from an English-speaking country. In the two weeks we stayed there , we were the only white people we saw , which was nice. The bar is cute and nice for a drink to unwind before bed. The laundry service is exceptional , though overpriced. Free high-speed internet is very good. The room was a good size , too. Overall , a great value. I was told by someone living in Hong Kong that this hotel is owned by the Chinese government , so if that creeps you out some people have vague memories of &quot ; Red&quot ; China be so warned. I did n't see any evidence that we were being spied on or otherwise noticed. In modern Hong Kong nobody cares anymore. Overall -- a great stay. I 'll be back .

we were really happy with our choice of Hotel but unless you are only staying a couple of nights we were staying 8 you must have a parlour/executive room as the standard rooms are very compact. Having said that , the bathroom/shower were perfectly adquate. We made a decision to upgrade after a couple of nights as we were staying longer and we were really pleased we did. The parlour/executive rooms give you plenty of room to spread out and have great views of the harbour - considering the size of the room and facilities it is great value compared to other hotels. It may seem a little far out but do n't be mislead - the metro is 5 minutes walk and it takes 10-15 mins to get to Central. It is in a fairly quiet side street - you will never get away from the traffic noise in Hong Kong but this was pretty good compared to another hotel we stayed in. We only ate breakfast in the restaurant once which was fine and thereafter kept it simple in the Panoramic lounge which was free with our upgraded room - only complaint here really is that the selection and sometimes the freshness was n't great but if you stick to normal basics of cereal , toast , yoghurt and fruit it is fine .

great experience. We stayed for 5 days. Lovely staff , great breakfast. take a room w/ a view to Victoria Bay .

the hotel is located a minute or two walk from a metro stop. The staff are friendly , helpful , and speak english well not surprising in Hong Kong . The bathroom was a little small , with only a shower stall and no tub .

having stayed at the Metropark Causeway Bay earlier this year and enjoyed this hotel so much I returned for a 30 night long stay package for the whole of November and left even more impressed. This is a smart busy cheerful modern hotel operated by CTS China Travel Service and there â € ™ s nothing at all pretentious about it , just high standards , spotlessly clean well equipped rooms and excellent service from helpful and friendly staff. The harbour view rooms have wonderful panoramic views over Victoria Park and along the length of the harbour from Causeway Bay westwards beyond Central and West Kowloon the hotel actually stands on what was once the Hong Kong Island shoreline which many years ago followed the course of Tung Lo Wan Road and what you see in front of the windows is nearly all reclaimed land . The hotel has 266 rooms on 31 floors of which 10 floors are non-smoking and highest floors are devoted to â € œ Panorama Club â €  guests mainly intended for business travellers with special privileges and an exclusive lounge. There is a rooftop swimming pool closed January and February , jacuzzi and sauna. All rooms have free broadband internet access and laptop patch cables are provided to connect to the room wall socket if you don â € ™ t have your own laptop HK Central Library about 5 mins walk away has free Internet access . There is an excellent breakfast buffet with a good choice of western and asian dishes. It costs a rather pricey HK $ 140 but long stay guests get a 20 % discount on food. There is an international dinner buffet and a lively bar which serves snacks and has cabaret on most nights. The rooms are on the small side but well furnished and very quiet. I was never once disturbed by noise from other rooms or the corridor. The bathrooms have showers but no bath which I wouldn â € ™ t imagine would be a problem for most people. Security is good with safes in all rooms and CCTV in all corridors and lifts. This hotel will please non-smokers. Although only ten floors are non smoking I never noticed a whiff of cigarette smoke in any of the communal areas .

i stayed at the Metropark for 6 nights in November and thoroughly enjoyed my stay .

i recently took my first trip to Hong Kong , from the UK on &quot ; Oasis Hong Kong&quot ; , a new airline that 's just started up on the London to Hong Kong route .

we did a 7 day long stay in an executive suite for the larger room and conviences of a the breakfast buffet excellent selection and other amenities .

booked this through hotel 's web site Real-time booking option for 1009 HKD + + breakfast included ! Stayed at 2 5-star properties during the trip ; Metropark by far gave the best value .

stayed at the Metropark for 10 nights having booked the long stay package through their website. It was in a Harbour view room .

hi

my husband and I made our first visit to Hong Kong this month and wanted to stay in a nicer hotel that we could afford as twenty-somethings , this is very important ! . We researced and learned of the Metropark. After reading reviews on this site and others , we opted for the Metropark. We had read about the small room sizes , so we opted for the Long Stay Package , which included a suite and club service ! It was WORTH the extra cost !

i had booked my double , harbour view room here well in advance of our stay and arrived duly knackered from our journey from the UK at about 9am. Our booking included our 10 year old daughter making three persons in all. The rooms were described as for '3 persons maximum ' on the confirmation booking .

friendly Staff , Great Views , Excellent location

i really cant understand the people who get all exited and give 5 star ratings to a hotel only for being clean... metropark hotel is your &quot ; motel 6&quot ; on heels.... it 's clean , it 's spacious... but that 's it. the bar is horrible , the food sucks , the design is terrible. if you are looking for the mimimun - cleanliness - go there. if you are looking for an experiance - do n't even think about it .

the Metropark hotel is a very nice hotel , situated in the North of Hongkong Island. With harbour view rooms you can see sport grounds in front and of course the harbour with all the daily excitements and Kowloon mainland . It is a 5-minute walk to the metro or to several bus stops .

my colleague and I needed a more budget-minded option for a quick business trip to Hong Kong from our offices in Shanghai. Based on the reviews of this site , I booked the Metropark. I was very pleased. Of note for those who might have early morning appointments : The fitness center officially opens at 7 a.m. As the center is directly accessible from the elevators , though , you can go in early should you wish to - as we did. The Metropark is just a block down the street from the Tin Hau subway stop as well. Our meetings finished early and we had some time to kill before our outbound flight , so we took the metro one stop to the Causeway Bay stop HK $ 4 each , one way to do some shopping in the large Times Square shopping center. For those of you who book the hotel shuttle HK $ 140 per person , one way , keep in mind that it 's a bus that leaves at pre-set times with a group of people to drop at various hotels , which may mean you 'll wait a bit for the shuttle to depart like we did and have the delay of stopping at various hotels en route like we did .

stayed at the Mertopark Causeway Bay for 3 nights at the end of September 2006. We took the hotel shuttle bus from the airport as we were arriving very late into HK - last shuttle left around 11.45pm. Costs HK $ 140 each but it was a very very luxurious bus and at that time of night it was nice to snooze in comfort. Arrived at hotel at 1.30am. We had booked a Harbour View Room and were upgraded to an Executive suite. Result ! ! ! First time we 've ever been upgraded in a hotel so did n't know what to expect but were very pleasantly surprised. We had two separate rooms , both with spectacular views of the Harbour across Victoria Park. The lounge had a settee , chair , coffee table , large TV , CD player and desk area. There was also a bar area and a second toilet. The bedroom was an OK size but not a lot of room around the bed but when you 've got a whole other room to spread out into who 's complaining. There was a second TV which also had a DVD player incorporated. The bathroom was lovely with a large bath and a huge shower cubicle. Bed was big and nicely presented. Breakfast was served in the second floor restaurant but finishes at 10.30am. There is nothing in the hotel directory to tell you this so we nearly missed out after having a lie in after our late arrival. There was a great selection on offer. Fresh fruit juice and fresh fruit , youghurts , breads and pastries , cereals , all the usual suspects for a cooked breakfast , along with dim sum and noodle soup. All good. Breakfast for 2 was HK $ 280 Â £ 20 - not too bad .

i stayed at the Metropark for three nights in September 2006 and have to say I was pleasantly surprised. The room and bathroom were clean and the bathroom instead of the usual shower with curtain over the bath had a wonderful large walk in cubicle with an extremely powerful shower .

we booked this hotel three days prior to our arrival and did not expect it to be such a clean , friendly , upscale property. Our original accommodations fell through and we were frantic trying to find a place that would be comfortable , affordable and in a good location. Based on the many prior reviews , we booked one of the executive suites and were so very happy with the room. You check in at the executive club/lounge which is so comfortable and quiet and so great after a 14 hour flight. They can answer any and all questions as everyone up there is fluent in English and can provide maps , suggestions for restaurants , etc. All of the executive suites have views of the city as well as huge bathrooms. The sitting area is great for resting after a long day of touring and the wall mounted CD player is an added bonus. Breakfast is served up in the lounge for those in suites but the restaurant has more options including an omlette bar. The workout room is fabulous and you do n't even need your iPod because all the cardio machines face the city and the harbour and the views are breathtaking. I found this hotel on many sites but decided to check their website hotel specials and found a rate of about $ 200 U.S. for the suite incl. breakfast. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel and I have never written a hotel review before but I thought this was such a nice hotel for the price and hopefully someone will benefit from my review .

stayed in 2004 January for NY Eve. Great , hotel in a centralized area. Causeway bay. It 's walkable to the shopping area 10 mins or by tram right outside two stops to the busy shopping area. Will definitely stay again .

we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the end of September and found it fantastic both for value and location in Hong Kong .

we were very ppleased with this hotel helped by the fact that we were immediately upgraded from a standard to a harbour view room. The rooms are spacious and well appointed , bathrooms are excellent and a CD plaer as well as a cable TV is provided .

nice , new and clean hotel. Great prices for long stays .

we stayed for 5 nights at a suite with a great harbour view .

i booked an executive suite for my husband , son and I. It had a bedroom,living room , which was used as my son 's bedroom , plus two bathrooms. The suite cost about the same as two separate rooms but it meant we were entitled to use the executive floor , which we found very useful .

my son &amp ; I stayed here Aug 06 , and I must say we had an excellent time in HK. It started when we arrived at the hotel at 7am coming from Beijing. We had to go to the 29th floor to check in because we had an executive clubroom. So I was just expecting to drop off my bags &amp ; come back in the afternoon to check in. This wasn â € ™ t the case they informed me that I could check in now which was a surprise never happen to me before . After she told me that I then let them know that my credit cards were cancelled/on hold for fraud &amp ; that one of them won â € ™ t be active until the next day. I had told the stupid credit card company &amp ; my bank that I was going to Asia but the put both my cards on hold after they saw charges in Beijing. Anyways , the check-in clerk spoke w/ the on duty Manager &amp ; they said that it would be no problem I â € ™ ll just have to leave a nights deposit then finish the check in the next day. Well all I had was $ 600HK cash &amp ; the room was $ 1200Hk. After talking to each other a bit in Chinese the girl said I could just leave a $ 500 deposit leaving some cash for me to eat . Then they noticed that my Res was for a double bed but they informed me that the best viewing room was avail but it only has a king bed w/ separate living room plus 1 Â ½ bahrooms. Once we saw it my son was sold he loved , the room had a sofa , chair , desk w/ chair , a bench , bar , entertainment center. Then in the bedroom another Enter. Center. The bathroom was just beautiful ; it had a sep shower &amp ; huge tub. Extra long vanity sink. The entire suite had a panoramic view of The Harbor and Victoria Park. FYI , Victoria Park is enormous it has like 20 Tennis Courts , 8 Basketball courts , Soccer field , 2 swimming pools and various other fields if you have kids this is a perfect hotel to stay at. Plus around the corner you have McDonalds , 7 Eleven , and a Game Room .

my wife and I spent three nights at Metropark Hotel in Hong Kong in August 2006. We enjoyed our stay there , as we had the overall impression to have found a very good compromise comfort/location for a reasonable price .

we stayed at Metropark Causeway Bay for 11 nights from August 8-19 , 2006. The following is our impression of this property :

i stayed in Hong Kong Metropark Hotel Causeway Bay for 10 days. It was one of those &quot ; air-line tickets plus 3 days hotel stay&quot ; deals. I paid for the rest of the 7 days $ 95 US dollar/day . The hotel gave me a room with 2 small double beds I have 3 people. My wife and I and my 14 years old kid .

my girlfriend and I stayed here for five nights and were very happy with our choice. It 's a great central location and the staff was very helpful. I 'd encourage anyone visiting Hong Kong to stay here .

my husband and I have just stayed in Hong Kong for 5 nights. Highly recommend the MetroPark Hotel , the staff are very friendly and helpful .

my husband and I booked a Harbourview standard room Double room , non-smoking through Wired Destinations website for a promo rate of S $ 130 per night .

we stayed here for 2 short periods on a 2 week vacation in Asia. We were so jetlagged when we first arrived that it was n't till I woke up in the middle of the first night from the time difference that I realized we did not get the room we had reserved. The photograph on the web booking service showed a spacious suite with the Standard Room description and rate. But we were given a compact room with a &quot ; view&quot ; of a wall of apartment buildings across the back alley - very claustrophobic ! When this was pointed out to the hotel they upgraded us to the suite in the photo Executive Suite for the following night .

we had booked for a Standard Harbourview Room for 3 nights. When we checked in , we requested for a non-smoking room. Upon some checking , they did not have any available. The staff then told us if we did n't mind waiting for about 20 minutes , they were upgrading us to an Executive Room. Wow ! Of course we did n't mind waiting for a mere 20 mins. What 's more , we were given free drink vouchers which we could use while waiting. So off we went to the bar. Oh , and the staff did not forget asking whether we would like to leave our 1pc baggage at the reception &amp ; whether we would like to have it sent up to our room later .

we landed in Hong Kong after a 15 hour overnight flight. It was 7am. The Metropark let us check in right then. We took a dip in the fabulous rooftop pool and relaxed in the sauna. Although the sauna is quite small in the ladies locker room . The rooftop pool is really spectacular - nothing like floating on your back and watching the HK skyline ! However , the hot tub/small pool was not hot at all. I 'm not sure why. It would have been a nice touch .

some of The reviews on this site are so OTT in their praise of the hotel that they could only have been written by the hotel its self. I mean who else would write &quot ; complimentary snacks are served between 5.30 and 7.30 pm&quot ; ! !

our recent 8 night stay at the Metropark april 2-9

we have just returned from the Metropark hotel. We found the hotel decidedly average , the room was titchy , and after our 3 suitcases there was no room to move ! The room also smelt of cigarettes even though it was no smoking. On our first morning we had breakfast in the restaurant which was overpriced , we never eat there again ! The redeeming feature of the hotel is that it is in a great location , it felt far from the craziness of Kowloon and yet it took us only 15 minutes in total from the hotel to anywhere of interest on the MTR. The only thing else that is good is the cheap price , but you certainly get what you paid for â € “ expect no luxuries .

my wife and I arrived at the hotel on a Saturday evening and check-in was made so easy by the hotel staff .

we stayed at the Metropark for 3 nights - March 9th through 12th. When we first arrived there from the airport it seemed a little out of the way and seemed to be in a semi-residential area. I was very wrong ! Less than a 5 minute walk away is an MTR station their subway which can take you anywhere you want to go. Central is I think only 2 stops away. Everything was so convenient to get to ! !

we stayed for 4 nights in the Metropark in December 05. It is a lovely modern hotel with very helpful staff and although not right in the centre of things there is an MTR station about 3-4 minsutes walk from the hotel that will take you anywhere you need to go .

the Metropark Hong Kong was a truly excellent choice. From the moment we arrived after a long 12 hour flight from London we were allowed to check-in immediately and access our room. We had an Executive Parlour Room on the 30th floor with a panoramic view of Causeway Bay , Kowloon and Victoria Harbour. The room was large , well maintained and equipped with a CD player , large television with over 30 channels including MTV , BBC World Service &amp ; an English Movie Channel and sofa area. The bathroom was also good with a separate shower and bath tub. However , what really stood out overall was the impeccable service - it really was first class , the staff were always very friendly and helpful - they were genuinely happy to help. The executive lounge on the 29th floor free access for those in Executive Parlour Rooms &amp ; Suites was particularly welcoming with a good selection of magazines , newspapers , two computers with internet access and complimentary alcoholic beverages and snacks daily between 5 : 30pm and 7 : 30pm. The buffet breakfast in Cafe Du Parc was also of a good standard - there was a wide range of cooked and continental selections .

can ` t fault my stay in this hotel last year , I arrived on an early morning flight from the UK tired and expecting to have to wait for my room until the afternoon but without prompting they offered me an early check in. Also as I had a late departure was able to use the gym facilities to freshen up. Very good location less than a couple of mins walk from the MTR and tram stops and theres a small supermarket just 2 doors down. Free internet access in the rooms if you have a laptop was a real plus .

staff was excellent in my five day stay recently. I ca n't say enough about the friendliness of the staff. Very very helpful group. Rooms at the hotel are a little small. But that is HK.. .

metropark was a great choice of hotel. It is close to all transportation. Staff was extremely friendly and hotel was very clean and new. To get to Metropark from the airport , I would recommend bringing the hotel phone number or telling the taxi that it is in Tin Hau on Tung lo wan Rd to make it easier. The staff was also very helpful in giving directions to tourist areas .

stayed there for 4 nights in Feb. 2006 and found it to be very good value , well located and wonderfully managed. Would stay there again .

we were so glad we chose to stay at the Metropark after much deliberation. We stayed for 3 nights in a suite. The room was very large and beautiful with a welcoming fruit platter. The bathroom was also an excellent size and the view over the harbour was magnificent. It was also possible to watch the locals do tai chi in the mornings at Victoria Park. The service was excellent and very friendly. As we stayed in the suite we had a lovely buffet breakfast included as well as all day access to the lounge. The MTR is across the road and it is only a short walk to Causeway Bay .

i was satisfied with the Metropark , a good value clean hotel on Hong Kong island .

we visited Hong Kong for Chinese New Year our eighth trip to Hong Kong over the last 20 years and family did n't have room for us so we gave the Metropark hotel a try. The space was beautiful with a lovely view but small. This is Hong Kong after all ! Service is excellent and attentive. As they primarily cater to the mainland trade , English takes a backseat to Cantonese and Mandarin among the staff. We will definitely stay there again if the arises. The location is off the beaten track but it allows a traveller to see more of the real Hong Kong than a place in Central or TST .

my traveling companion and I stayed at the Metropark Hotel for 2 nights in January 2006. We found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. The rooms were of average size for Asia , very clean with modern amenities. Even though we arrived well before check-in time , they did their best to accommodate us. After the 20 hour flight all we really wanted was a place to freshen up and catch a quick nap before heading out to see the sights. This hotel is conveniently walking distance located near the Causeway Bay shopping/entertainment district. We would stay there again .

i stayed at this hotel for three nights with my girlfriend , and recommend this hotel to anyone on holiday in Hong Kong. Excellent price for value , clean , and friendly. The pool is also very nice but small and unheated , with a spectacular vista of the skyline from its rooftop perch. If visiting Hong Kong , The Metropark is not off the beaten track. With the Tin Hau Station a two minute walk from the front door , you are in Hong Kong Central , Admiralty , or Wan Chai in less than 10 minutes. Airport connection is also very easy and efficient .

we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on a stopover on our way to Australia. I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on this forum , and particularly because it was close to the airport bus stop. We arrived at 11am when check-in was not until 2pm. As we were very tired from a long flight we were quite keen to get showered and changed etc before heading out again. After some persistence , we were given a room that we could use just to freshen up until our room became ready. Room size was fine. Staff were friendly and helpful .

as we intended staying for five nights we were disappointed to be allocated a very small room with no view [ other than a highrise tenement block ] . We requested an upgrade and oh boy was it worth it ! We moved to a suite with a separate sittingroom and huge windows with fabulous views of the city.It cost us more but it elevated our stay to a different level completely. The rooftop pool was lovely and was a great way to finish the night - a jacuzzi and cocktail - bliss !

we stayed at the Metropark at the start of a 3 week holiday. We spent 4 days in Hong Kong and you can read the report on the discussion page. It is a great hotel. The location is great and the MTR is so easy to use you can get everwhere within a few mintues. The staff were all friendly and the rooms were kept very clean .

great value : very clean , very organized , and very comfortable. However , Causeway is somewhat off the beaten path , and hence the lower price. Essentially , you 're getting the same quality as in Central or Wan Chai , but paying less for being 3 stops away on the metro the MTR stop is very close by , however . Also , if you need western amenities i.e. , Starbucks , a pub , or western breakfast , you wo n't find it immediately nearby .

this hotel is excellently located near the MTR , bus and tram lines. The view from the roof top pool is spectacular - I would imagine the views from the upper floor harbour view rooms are great too .

my wife and I stayed here from 2 - 5 November 2005. To be frank , we were a little concerned that , when we changed from the recommended hotel in Kowloon to the Metropark in Hong Kong at the end of our tour of China , it was actually cheaper. We could n't have been more pleased with the outcome .

i stayed at metropark hotel one year after it opened up it first opened in 2001 . I took the metro right from the airport to the hotel , you have to transfer once. It 's about a 3 minute walk to the hotel. when i got there , the hotel inside is beautiful. I was checked in fast and went up to my room on the 29th floor. The room is very clean , very attractive and nice. the bed has a white goose down comforter which i never seen in a hotel befor . The bathroom was clean and has a roomy shower. I did n't find the room cramped , but it is a lil ' smaller then the rooms in the USA. Very nice staff. I 'm a college student and went by was by myself at the time. When I went to go to book a tour at the tour office , the lady rep invited me to have dinner with her at the hotel for no charge. Very nice hotel , on of the best service I ever had at a hotel. Very easy to get around the city , since it very close to the metro station and bus stations. The pool is on the roof , very nice pool and very nice view. Seven Eleven is 3 stores away , super market is close too. i sugest you go there instead of using the mini bar at the hotel since that is a lil ' bit pricey. Breakfast was very good ! overall I Loved It. Would stay there again if i ever go back to hong kong .

completely agree with the last reviewer. I stayed here with my girlfriend for 4 nights in september and yes , the rooms are small , but i was told this is common in hong kong. they are not cramped , we got a good view of the bay and the location is excellent. you are 2 minutes away from everything by tram or MTR and the station is less busy than others making the city very accessible. Staff were excellent , gym and pool/jacussi very nice - a morning run looking out onto causeway bay from the 29th floor was a real pleasure !

new clean room. Rooms are very small feel like 150 sq. ft including bathroom . Location is not very convenient .

i have been stayed in this hotel for more than 2 weeks , very nice hotel and the price is right. The hotel is sitting in a busy district on the quiet area , although the room is quite small but very clean with good layout , roof top swimming pool is beautiful with fantastic view. The hotel local is very convenient to all transit , airport bus just right in front , the MTR just a few minute walk , supermarket , bar , fishball noodle just around the corner. The laundry nearby on left side of the hotel is so cheap and fast , charge HK $ 26 for 7lb with 2 hr service and they will deliver to the hotel , no need to use the hotel â € ™ s service .

the Metropark Hotel in Hong Kong is a very clean , modern hotel with excellent facilities except the fitness center and is a great value. Staff were friendly and , while the location is not central , the MTR is just 2 blocks away .

this is a great 4-star hotel. I have stayed in other 4-star hotels in HK before , but none as nice as this. It was also reasonably priced since I booked through internet travel sites. Like many hotels in HK , the room was on the smaller side , but it was new , modern and very clean. The hotel pool is located on the roof of the hotel. On a clear day , you could get a very nice view of the city. It is located within 3-5 minute walk from the Tinhau MTR station and you could walk to the Causeway Bay shopping mecca in 20 minutes. Basically it is located far away enough so that you do n't get the overbearing crowd as soon as you walk out of the hotel .

i did n't think that it met my expectations when I found the place but little did I know. When you walk in , its different. I mean its no the Ritz but its wonderful. The staff is so helpful ! THe pool is gorgeous and the if you choose a room with a view its even prettier !

the Metropark is a beautifully maintained 4 * hotel in an excellent location. Whilst the rooms are relatively small , as is the norm in most Hong Kong hotels , space is used very efficiently , and the accommodation is very comfortable. As this is a new hotel opened in 2000 I believe the furniture and facilities are very modern. In particular , every room has unlimited free broadband Internet access. In the standard room we stayed in , there was no bathtub , but an excellent shower .

my wife and I have just returned from a week in Hong Kong staying at the Metropark Hotel at Tin Hau near Causeway Bay . We arrived early at the hotel on the first day of our holiday hopeful that the hotel would have a room available for us a little earlier than the advertised check-in time. Unfortunately , our room was not quite ready but the staff at the hotel were happy for us to use the change facilties attached to the top floor gym with nearby pool that has sensational views towards the harbour and to store our luggage until our room was available. We took them up on their offer and when we returned a few hours later our room was available. Our deal included a double , non-smoking room with harbour views. Unfortunately , the room provided was not what we requested and a couple of moves later they were able to meet our original request .

we had wonderful time staying in Metropark Hotel. Very nice location , only 2 mins walk to TinHou subway station. Highly recommend the suite. ask for the room with west facing harbour view , fantastic. Very nice bathroom. Friendly stuff. Only the rooftop swimming pool is sorta on the small size , but the view made up for it. we also get the excellent rates on the suite. However , if you are a single visitor primarily interested in bar hopping then stay close to centre .

we have thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Metropark. After reading lots of hotel reviews about small rooms we choose to treat ourselves to the Parlour Suite and we have been spoilt. The room is very large with a sitting area and a beautiful view of the harbour. The bathroom is also large and includes a bath and shower. We received complimentary buffet breakfast daily , internet use , daily newspaper , tea &amp ; coffee and at all times excellent service. Highly recommend the Parlour Suite .

we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Metropark Hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel was extremely clean .

this is a classy good four star hotel. The rooms are small , for a four star hotel. However , they are in very good condition , with good views onto Victoria Park and Hong Kong Harbour. The rooftop pool &amp ; spa is lovely , and worth a visit. The food &amp ; service of their buffet restaurant is of a very high standard. The hotel is just outside the tourist/shopping area of Hong Kong Island do you really , really want to be in the middle of the shops &amp ; noise anyway ? . However , it is only a 30 second walk to the closest tram stop , and a 1 minute walk to the Island Line train line. When I return to Hong Kong , I will definetely stay at this hotel again .

the location of the hotel is very convenient for travelling by MTR , bus , tram and taxi. It is also not far from the main Causeway Bay shopping area .

stayed here for a few on nights on way to Sydney in November 04. Like a lot of other reviewers , i thought the room was small but in a place like Hong Kong you should n't be spending too much time there. Staff were friendly and helpful and some good info from the tourist desk .

this hotel was fine , but you ca n't really say anyhting that makes it stand out above any other run-of-the-mill hotel. The main thing about most hotels in Honkers is that you are only in them to sleep , so if you are out and about people who spend most of the time wandering around the night markets or going sight seeing then the metropark is fine , If though you spend a lot of time in your hotel then you may find it slightly lacking. The karaoke though was probably the funniest thing I have ever seen , lots of japanese businessmen singing danny boy , I am still laughing at it now. It deserves its 3 1/2 * rating it probably should be 4 star in fairness

we 've just come back from Hong Kong &amp ; stayed at the Metropark for a few nights on our way to &amp ; from Sydney. We were more than pleased with the hotel - Yes the rooms are on the smaller side tho no worse than in Italy but there is still more than enough room &amp ; lets face it , when you are in HK , the amount of time that you 'll be spending in your hotel room will / should be minimal !

