it does not look at all like it looks on the website. Apparently renovated for millions of USD ; dont know where the money went to ! Were upgraded to a family room ; top floor , 1 double bed , 1 single bed in same room , 1 window facing backyard , very dark , damp and mouldy. Decided to take originally booked room. Wasnt much better. Bath leaking through the wall into bedroom after taking a shower. Breakfast poor .

this hotel was great value. It was located on Hong Kong Island in the Wanchai district , about two blocks from the subway station , and close to shopping , good malls , etc .

convenient location though not close to shopping belt. Clean .

my husband and I stayed here during our HK trip. We 'd booked a double room but we arrived late and were told that they were out of double 's for the night. We were upgraded to a larger twin room for our first night , which was quite nice. We preferred a double though and the hotel managed to switch us to a double standard room the next day .

this hotel is right along the main road in Wan Chai which is in between the shopping areas of Causeway Bay and Admiralty/Central .

the Metropark hotel , Wanchai is well located with easy access to the MTR , buses and the Star Ferry in a vibrant part of Hong Kong close to the Central area. All the Staff were very polite , helpful and really made my stay special. My room was clean , spacious and well looked after by house keeping. The breakfast was extensive and having tried most things , was good value , varied and tasty , again the staff in the restaurant were attentive and very pleseant. As a lone female traveller , I felt very safe and welcome and with ease of access to transport and places to visit in the evening in the surrounding area , felt able to make the most of the opportunity of staying in such a central location .

i was very pleased with this hotel. the location is excellent , nearly perfect , actually. it 's a smallish room , and semi-boutique feel , but very comfy for the price. and the price was great. there is loads of shopping and dining all around the hotel , and the second most popular club area in HK is literally a block away. typical asian beds tho...hard ! but , they do try very hard to make you comfortable and welcome. friendly and helpful. i got the ladies style room and it was cute. they put lot 's of little feminine touches. i 'll stay here again .

this hotel is located in the middle of the city and near busy streets. It is close to the subway MTR and ferry terminals. There are many restaurants around the blocks and open close to 24 hours. There are many bars/clubs behind the hotels. It could be noisy on the weekend. The windows are locked , and you can see people in the next buildings over. All the rooms are remolded and has flat screen TV. The room are small but it is only good for 2 persons the most .

i stayed here for 4 nights on business. A nicely decorated clean hotel in a good location but no bar. Lots of bars and restaurants within walking distance and a safe area to walk at night too. Only a few minutes walk to the underground station. A little too noisy at night due to its location. Quite good value for a centrally positioned hotel .

rooms were lot smaller than what it appeared in the photos on the hotel website. However it was well cleaned and self sufficient .

at HKD 500.- per night no breakfast , the price value at this 4-star hotel was great. At first I was in a room which faced a busy street Hennessy Road . There was too much noise for me. I asked whether it would be possible to move. I could - no problem. Had a bigger room , this time two beds , and nice and quiet , although in the middle of the action Wanchai . I found this deal through the internet .

my colleague and I have recently stayed at your hotel and we have a few times this year .

lovely hotel , recently renovated , great location , friendly staff but sadly no bar ! ! ! ! !

we spent four nights in Hong Kong under a Virgin Package. The airport bus stops just outside the hotel which is very convenient after a long haul flight. The hotel is very central in the most vibrant district of Hong Kong and is spotlessly clean. All the staff speak very good English and are very helpful. Our non-smoking room was on the 11th floor facing the front but seemed quite well sound insulated. The bed was hard but comfortable , the minibar well stocked and the safe very useful. The bathroom toilitries were replaced every day and very generous , even down to hair combs and slippers. As we were out most of the time exploring Hong Kong and Kowloon we found the room more than adequate for our needs , in spite of what we would regard as unfound critisim by some of the previous reviewers. The only thing we were not keen on was the opaque glass door between the bedroom and the bathroom which my wife would only use with the lights switched off ! Apart from one night of having buffet dinner , which was ok , we did not have other meals in the hotel. All in all we were more than happy to stay there and we will definately be back .

the room was large , new and clean. Its close to central train station ~ $ 30 HKD taxi fare with luggage , and within walking distance of Wan Chai station. The staff were very helpful and spoke english well .

this hotel is fantastic for a location in central Honkers. You 're close to everything and the entertainment district on Wan Chai is at your back door step .

we booked a non-smoking double room three months in advance , but when we arrived they tried to give us a smoking twin bedded room. The woman at reception did move us to a non-smoking room , but we had to wait an hour at the lobby for them to clean a room for us. She then insisted that we go down to the front desk the next morning to ask if there were any other double rooms available. I found it annoying to have to wait until the morning to find out whether we could have the room that we originally booked , plus we didn â € ™ t really have time to mess around like that .

we spent 3 nights at the Metropark Wanchai in December en route from the UK

we stayed at the Metropark hotel wanchain at the end of December 2008 Between xmas and NYE .

obviously it is difficult to get rooms at a decent price anywhere to stay during the xmas period , especially when xmas is only 10 days away. We were very lucky to be able to secure a room through www.asiatravel.com at a reasonable rate of HKD900nett per night consecutively from xmas eve to boxing day. And we were very grateful to be given a free upgrade to the Executive Spacious room .

we enjoyed our stay at the Metropark and will definitely stay there on our next visit. The rooms were a good size and very fresh and modern. We only had breakfast in the hotel but no complaints there. You had a choice of a la carte or buffet. The staff were very friendly. It was ideally situated near the MTR with a road crossing right outside the door. Anyone who knows Hong Kong will know what a boon that is as sometimes you have to walk a long way just to cross the road. All in all a very good place to stay whether on business or pleasure

a white and bright contemporary lobby gives an upscale feel , but we found that not all aspects of this hotel are as flashy as the entrance. Our complaints are , frankly , relatively minor , but for what is supposed to be a four star hotel , we think that this hotel does not quite reach that standard or offer a value for money option in Hong Kong .

a small , simple hotel which is perfectly located as a base to tour HK and Kowloon. Excellent public transportation access - tram just across the road , bus 2 mins walk , MTR 6 mins walk , ferry wan chai pier . Lots of restaurants on Lockhart St behind the hotel... between Hennessy and the Convention Centre . There are several convenient stores , including a supermarket , nearby .

the hotel facade is non descript , the small lobbly area clean and sharp. The staff were efficient and helpful when necessary. The room had all the basics and was suitable for my needs. The bed was firm but I did n't mind and heard very little noise given the location. The shower worked well and the room safe was handy. The hotel was clean , immacualte actually and the location was just right , access to everything .

i tried out the Metropark at Wanchai after the mostly positive reviews , but was unfortunately a little disappointed. That said , there were some positives :

i stayed in this hotel for two nights in Oct 08 - primarily as a shopping stopover. I booked the basic room , but on my arrival which was 3 or 4 hours before normal check in , not only did they have the room ready , they upgraded me to their new product their words not mine called the Lady Only room. Well I was on my own and female so I guess I qualified ! Room was really big , views over Hennessy Road , I 'd say the hotel had recently been renovated as the bathroom was pretty swish. The usual hard bed as is to be expected in China. The only thing I could fault was that the bathroom lighting over the makeup mirror was a bit dark , but on the upside a fan in the bathroom so no foggy mirrors. And there were scales in the room - not that I wanted to weigh myself mind you , handy though to make sure all bags are below the luggage allowance ! Breakfast was standard buffet. There are a few mcdonals in the area if a cheap quick breakfast is what you are after ! The hotel was near the Wanchai MTR and I walked to Pacific Place about 10 minutes before it got too busy. Very helpful reception. Oh , I nearly forgot - a pillow and blanket menu if you do n't like what they 've provided !

after 30 visits to Hong Kong I finally found a hotel with a excellent price/service/comfort/location balance. In the middle of Wanchai , close to busses , tram and MRT. A zillion restaurants and pubs for big and small wallets within minutes walking distance. Comfortable rooms , good shower , good service , safe and not over priced .

stayed here for a night only after spending 3 nights at Excelsior. Room is spacious. Was told by the front desk we were upgraded to a deluxe room. We were expecting a queen size bed but was given a twin bed. We were also given discount voucher for their breakfast and dinner buffet but did n't avail it. They do n't give extra buffer with their checkout. Should checkout exactly at 12pm or key wo n't work and had to ask front desk to open it again .

we stayed for two nights in this hotel. It was very nice and gives a good impression right from the lobby and it does n't fail to impress in the rooms and the service as well .

i went to Metropark Hotel Wanchai for a short business trip and stayed there for 3 nights total. The main reason for me to visit this hotel is the convenience location. It just took me few minutes walking to the subway and to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre. The relatively low price of the hotel also engages me so much. After I get into the hotel , I found the value of the hotel is much higher than the price. In addition to very clean and tidy rooms , the modern design of the rooms and the extremely helpful customer service impressed me a lot ! The hotel staff was incredibly friendly and were eager to help any way they could , if needed .

my husband and I have stayed at The Metropark Wanchai from 28 Aug for a total of 4 nights. Here are some pointers worth highlighting for fellow tripadvisor members :

this hotel was recently remodeled , with very modern and updated decor , and taxi drivers called it the &quot ; singapore hotel&quot ; so it must have changed hands recently .

we stayed here , having stayed at the sister hotel in Causeway Bay , and wanting to experience a couple of locations on the island. As a family we found it difficult to book sleeping arrangments to suit us anywhere , even with only wheeling in a cot and having our other young child on our existing bedding. It seems the rooms are small here and mostly you are required to either upgrade to a suite or get two rooms fine except if you ca n't get adjoining rooms you 're seperated as a family.. .

location :

i needed to go to Hong Kong for a business meeting in Central , but my husband and a girlfriend decided to tag along. Chose Metropark Wanchai for price and location. It was ideal on both .

stayed here last weekend...took the A11 bus from the airport and it drops you off just down the street from the hotel .

after 2.5 weeks of travelling around Asia , I was ready to get back to civilized society and a nice hotel room for my final 5 days. Metropark Wanchai more than met that need !

this Hotel is in A great location on Hong Kong Island itself. It 's only 50-100m from Wan Chai station , giving you access to the best Metro/Underground I 've ever used ! The Hotel room was lovely - new furnishings , and clean ! Apart from 'holiday ' facilities , such as a pool etc , that this hotel does NOT have , the in-room facilities are great ! Internet is NOT free though. A nice hotel , if you are looking for somewhere new , clean and convenient !

just a stone 's throw from Wanchai MTR station , with little restaurants dotted along way. Key shopping areas such as Causeway Bay , Central , Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon etc are just a few stations away .

well placed for all the transport and within easy walk of central areas .

