my kids and I stayed in this hotel for 4 days during Christmas. Room price went thru the roof , still was reasonable. Staff were not very friendly. The room is so small , good only for sleeping. Bed is also small and hard. But good location for shopping. So , if you are here just to shop , and not mind sleeping in a hard and stiff bed , this is a place for you on budget trip .

after reading many wonderful reviews about this hotel , I found a good deal online for a stay at this hotel and got a standard room for about 5 nights .

stayed here with a friend in September 08. We found this hotel great ! Mongkok is a great area to stay in if you are in Hong Kong to shop - the ladies markets and fa yuen street are very close by , as is the Langham Place shopping centre. The Temple st markets are only a couple of stops away on the MTR. Prince Edward MTR station is just across the road from the hotel , making it incredibly easy to get around Hong Kong. There are several 7-11s around the hotel making it easy to stock up on snacks and drinks. The staff were very helpful in making sure our transfers were booked , and helped us out several times when we asked for directions/advice. The rooms were fine - I know others have said they were tiny , but we found them plenty big enough for us and our mounds of shopping ! I would definitely recommend this hotel to others .

  week stay ; booked superior room ; good , clean , hard bed , first class location near markets food + public transport and the airport. recommended. friendly service .

its very cheap to stay here but then again you get what you pay for. The hotel is OK but looks very old. The view from the rooms facing the backside of the building is horrible. You can see all the fishbone TV antennas and people drying their laundry on clotheslines. The rooms have old beds and furniture and are tiny. For those who plan to travel by bus to mainland China , the buses are literally just downstairs so thats the biggest selling point. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and the busy Nathan road is just a block away and the Prince Street metro is also a block away. Transportation is very good from this hotel .

you get what you pay for ! The hotel is well located within the shopping areas and close to MRT stations. The Airport bus stops right outside and is very convenient .

this hotel turned out to be the cheapest one I could find from a travel agency. Needless to say , I did n't expect much from this hotel considering the price. I did n't care too much for the quality either as I knew I would spend most of my times outside. But this hotel surprised me. Bottles of shampoo and shower gel are normal to be had in average hotels but you do n't often get the facial tissues and disposable slippers and this hotel provided them. The message system was pretty cool. There 's a red light on TV that kept flashing until you turned on your TV and it will tell you the subject of the message and that you can pick the full one up from the reception .

we got the A21 airbus from the airport which dropped us right outside .

hotel is very nice , neat and clean , recomended for the Business travellers who are looking for budget accommodation in the heart of the city as i have got a very gud deal on the net. Although Room size was not so big but gud to adjust 2 adults in a one twin sharing room. As fare as location of the hotel is concern its a mongkok area which is far away from the Kowloon Tsim Sha Sui area , but its very easy to reach by taking shuttle buss to Mongkok MTR station for metro train to Tsim Sha shui / kowloon. Staff was very proficent , Overall it was the memorable great experience .

it cost me ard SGD333 per pax for 6 nights for a triple room. The triple room they gave us were big enough to accomodate 3 beds 2 normal beds + 1 rollaway and space for us to put our luggages. The room is very clean. The bedsheets are clean and very smooth. However the bed is really hard ! The rollaway bed is softer but the springs were abit worn out so feels like there 's a hole in the middle of the rollaway bed. There 's a dressing table and tv and mini fridge and also a closet near the door to hang clothes. The toilet comes with bathtub so it 's quite big. The housekeeping people are nice. On the first day when the lady were making the rollaway bed for us , we requested for extra pillows which she said she will bring over later. At night when we return , there 's no extra pillows but the second day when we came back , the 3 extra pillows are there !

location is very convenient a minute from Prince Edward MTR and also walking distance into Mong Kok. Rooms are very small , dated and smell of damp. Stanford Hillview in TST is equally good location , similar budget but miles cleaner .

i was expecting the worst ! Looking at the website , travel forums , and even Trip Advisor , I was hesitant to continue with the hotel booking. But things turned out for the best !

the overall experience of this hotel left something to be desired. The location was great , with a subway station and shops very close by. The scenery , however , is horrible. The scenery consists of a couple of ugly gray apartment buildings. If you stay at this hotel , do n't look out the window .

i have been staying @ Metropark Mongkok for a couple of times now , and so far , the hotel has never failed me .

stayed in this hotel for 2 night .

the location is great , adjacent to Nathan Road and just a 2 minute walk to the Prince Edward MTR. It 's also close to Ladies â € ™ Market and Fa Yuen Street for shopping. Lots of great and cheap places to eat close by. We tried breakfast at both the cake shop and restaurant that are located in the hotel , both were good and very well priced .

no frill , clean hotel , but standard rooms are very small and beds are very hard .

the rooms are two small and the decor was still back in the 1930,s the rooms had a bad odour .

so you wan na know about Metropark , Mongkok ?

stayed there for 5 nights. I think the service is fair enough looking at the price. The staff were very helpful. Overall , Good .

a very decent hotel. The bus shuttle service is available from and to the airport. Location is just great if you want to stay in Kowloon. The Flower Market and Birds ' Garden within 10 minutes walking distance , a lot of dining spots with very satisfying food and prices right next door. The nearest Prince Edward MTR station is round the corner. Mongkok the main shopping area in Hong Kong is the next station , and the same MTR line in 10 minutes takes you all the way to Tsim Sha Tsui the Kowloon side of Victoria Harbour and Central Hong Kong where tourist attractions are concentrated. Stuff friendly and helpful , and they speak good enough English. And the price VERY reasonable ! The only problem was chilly weather , since they do n't have central heating in rooms , we had to ask for a heater which was provided the same minute . And they only had one electric outlet in a room , so we had to use a branch box to plug in the heater , TV and mobile phone at the same time. In a word : no better place in Kowloon if you do n't need effusive luxury !

just returned from a ten day stay at the Metropark Hotel in Mongkok .

it was the tiniest hotel room I 've ever stayed in ! We had 2 persons to a room and plus our luggage , we could hardly move around ! If you have a large luggage bag , you would have trouble getting it through the door ! Somehow , the bathroom seemed more spacious than the room itself .

stayed at metropark hotel mongkok for 3 nights with my boyfriend. When we went there , we asked for a double bed , but was told that our travel agent did not tell them so there was no available double bed room. Not very friendly front office , because the receptionist made us feel as if &quot ; it 's your fault for not telling your tour agent beforehand&quot ; . Other encounters with the hotel staff were not very good as well such as asking for directions etc as they were not very friendly , and gave vauge directions. On the day of our check out , while waiting for our shuttle bus to the airport , we sat at the couches in the small hotel lobby. My bf happened to close his eyes at that time to rest , and the security guard knocked at the coffee table loudly to warn him not to sleep there. It was a very rude encounter .

rooms were so small that we had a hard time opening our luggage. But it 's probably average size based on Hong Kong standard. Overall the room was very clean , the sheets and towels do not have any stain. If you want to stay in Mongkok , that 's one of the best situated hotel , probably second to Langham. You can catch a shuttle bus from the airport for HK $ 80/person. The closest MTR station is &lt ; 10 minutes walk away. Just cross the street right in front of the hotel and walk straight up. The food court inside the shopping mall at Langham has very good and reasonably priced food ramen , korean , indian , etc. Make sure you try the desert there too. It 's simply delicious. The dim sum at Ming Court inside Langham hotel is also one of the best , but quite pricey. Ladies market is n't quite like what it used to be anymore. Everything is ridiculously overpriced and requires a lot of haggling , which is n't something I like spending too much of my time on during my vacation. I would also recommend the store called Wanko for good quality business casuals for ladies at resonable price. It has a store near ladies market I believe it 's on Nathan road and one inside the Langham shopping mall .

after reading other reviews we were quite looking forward to staying at the Metropark , but have to say the 4 day stay was entirely spoiled by the very thin walls between bedrooms. The check in was good , the room clean and big enough for us , the staff very pleasant and helpful but for three of the nights we were disturbed for quite a while by either people coming in after a night out , guests checking in or telephone conversations which seemed to be in our room. We thought it was us being a bit out of sync after the flight for the first night therefore not being in a very deep sleep , but when it carried on we realised that it was the walls were so very thin. The airport bus does stop outside and the train station is just yards away , this is so easy to use so do n't be afraid to use it , we went all over with the Octopus card and found that lots of people spoke English and were very heplful. We ate in the local Delifrance and Pizza Hut , I 'd rather have their menus than ours it was like a combination of eastern and western which are just a short walk away but also in a Chinese and Hawk Food resaurants where not a word was spoken but with lots of sign language and pointing we had lovely cheap meals and lots of laughs .

we stayed at this hotel for seven days. We have a small child of five. Loved the location .... 8 minute walk from the Ladies Bazaar market ; 15 minute walk from the night street Temple market ; 40 minute walk from the harbour. Shuttle bus from the airport excellent. Shuttle service to downtown fast 10 minutes and frequent. Great little restaurant around the corner Teresa 's Restaurant for American style breakfast. Deli France 7 minutes away has great little breakfasts. Close to train and MTR stations. Hotel rooms clean and staff very nice. We would definately stay at this hotel again. If you have a child ... bring an umbrolla small foldable stroller .

we stayed at the hotel for 7 nights , it was very pleasant , and great value for money. I would advise you to have a look at the room prior to actually occupying it because some rooms are very small and the configurations are n't necessarily how would you like them. You may get a twin share room when you 've asked for a double. So perhaps have a look at the different rooms so you knwo that you are getting what you paid for. We changed our room from a tiny corner room to a middle room which was double the size with two bathrooms for the same price .

arrived at this Hotel on the first day in HK. The airport public coach stopped right outside the hotel which pleasantly suprised us. Checking in at reception was easy and the receptionist found our reservation without incident. Also , because we put in a request for a double bed with our travel agent they said that twin rooms was more typical ? , the hotel had no more standard rooms and upgraded us to the a VIP room free of charge .

we stayed at the Metropark for 6 nights and found the room to be very clean and comfortable with the exception that the bed was HARD...and I mean HARD ! ! We heard that we could expect firm beds throughout China but having slept on other beds throughout our China experience they were not as bad as this. A good location for shopping Nathan Road and various markets and access to the MTR which is a stones throw from the hotel. The MTR is the only way to travel throughout HK and the territories....It 's fantastic ! We ate at the hotel restaurant on two occasions and found the food to be very average...We would n't recommend it ! There are far better and cheaper places to eat close to the hotel. The staff were friendly and courteous and communication was n't a problem. Overall we enjoyed our stay. Mark and Rachel , QLD , Australia .

i think the hotel represents quite good value for money and I think the extra cost for an executive room which includes an okay breakfast is worth it .

this place is fantastic value for money ! The room was a reasonable size by Hong Kong standards for the money , as was the bathroom. Good toiletries and linen provided , really clean and serviced well each day. Efficient and friendly service. When in Hong Kong I love staying on Kowloon amongst the thick of it and would definitely stay here again. I paid roughly $ 100AUD a night and found it to be very pleasantly surprising for that kind of money. A huge bonus was that the bus from the airport stops directly outside the hotel - another benefit and huge saving - all the more to $ left to shop with .

hotel staff were attentive and helpful. Rooms were clean and quite well sized for the price. Breakfast was way too much to eat and cheap as for what you got. very close to MTR so easy to get around

pretty average hotel , in the seedier part of HK. The room was clean and reasonably modern , service was mediocre. The location is n't the best for seeing the sights in HK - a bit out of the way. And if you have to have a decent coffee to start the day , it 's definitely not the place to stay. We had to take the underground in to Tsim Sha Tsui each morning to feed my caffeine addiction...mainly because Mongkok is a very Chinese part of town. The hotel is in the middle of a large area of crumbling apartments , and that 's the view you 'll get from your window... working class Chinese going about their daily lives. And lastly , if you decide to have breakfast in the hotel , do n't , under any circumstances have what they call scrambled eggs... I 've never tasted anything like it in my life...sort of like warm dish cloth in taste and texture .

the hotel provided my group of 5 friends including myself with a satisfactory stay of 3 nights .

for the price , a great value hotel. Location is good , about 100m from MTR Prince Edward which will take you to major tourist spots in Kowloon and/or Central. Room was clean and we were able to check in early around 06h00 although this seems to be luck more than anything else. Only complaint is that we were assigned a twin rather than a double however , after a 10 hour flight from Sydney we were happy to have somewhere to rest in the morning so we did not ask to move .

arrived at the hotel at 6am , our room was not available until 10am so we were given another room , it was extremely small and hot and the water pressure was extremely poor. We asked reception to move us to another room which was slightly better but the water pressure was just as bad,however this room consisted of two single beds even though we requested one double bed , we then had to ask reception to move us once again because it was not possible to use the shower which had almost no water pressure whatsoever. Finally , we were moved to a decent enough room , with better water pressure make sure you get a room on a lower floor however we were informed that no double beds were available only single bed rooms. The cleaning staff were friendly and helpful and did a fantastic job at cleaning. Close to transport and shops are the only benefits .

we stayed here for three nights in April 2005. The hotel is good value for money , very reasonably priced for Hong Kong. It 's very busy , with a lot of large tour groups from mainland China , so you can get a bit fed up waiting at the reception desk , but the staff were generally helpful and efficient. Rooms not that small for Hong Kong , but yes , a bit cramped. We did n't find the beds too hard. Restaurant okay and breakfast very good. Easy to get to on the MTR and very near the station. We left some clothes behind and they kept them for us for two weeks while we toured China - and laundered them ! ! ! !

hotel Concourse is in Mong Kok about 100m from the Prince Edward MTR which makes it very convenient if you want to concentrate your activites in a less touristy Hong Kong environment in Kowloon. Excellent shopping for clothes and bags just one MTR stop away in Mong Kok around Argyle street and Langham Place

