i stayed here in mid December. The room was cleaned daily ; but the disposable sandals which the hotel provided was flimsy - it tore the moment it was in contact with water .

the hotel is far from the city proper but its clean and the check in counter are all accomadating .The bathroom are clean and they change the beddings and towel everyday.The breakfast quite ok .

  The rooms are really tiny. The walls had writings on it and under the bed are dust and trashes that former guests left .

went to HK end of dec 2008 during end year holiday with my wife , this hotel was too far below our expectation. When I check their official website it looks nice hotel but it fact it 's horrible. No room-boy to help us bring our luggage when we checked-in. The bedroom is very small. Due to travel agent 's error , they gave us twin bedroom. When I want to change to double bedroom king/queen bed , the receptionist said they dont have this kind of room ;

i stayed at the hotel for 4 nights .

i selected the Mexan for a one night stay between airflights due to its proximity to the airport. Neither the taxi driver or the taxi dispatcher at the airport knew where it was , even with a written address albeit in English. The dispatcher looked it up in a book and explained it to the driver. We arrived late at night , tired from much travel. This was the end of a 30 day trip. It was the ONLY hotel in all of China that did not provide drinking water. The room was tiny. Thought it would be fun to watch the harbour , but it was noisy and closing the shades was tricky. We requested a wake-up call that never came - maybe it is good that it was noisy ! Breakfast was not included , and we were not offered any. Although the hotel is near the airport express train , it does require a taxi to get to the train , and the English speaking driver convinced us to take the cab the whole way , which ended up costing us an additional $ 10 US .

its a very nice place to stay , facing the docks tho but from 7-9 am lift operated by hotel staff and the toilet got a feel of japan , maybe the sliding door. Over all , its a nice place but a bit far from the city ... very peaceful and the hotel staff are very friendly ! !

