this hotel is located at the center of busting Wanchai Road , one of the oldest parts of Hong Kong. The location is right in the centre of all amenities , shops , food outlets , and markets. It is within walking distance to bars and red lights district , Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre , harbours with trams criss-cross the area â € ¦ .

pros

so I think the rooms are small. Yes , we only paid about $ 600HK/night , but as the doorman/concierge was showing us to our room , I thought we were part of a prank show. Punk 'd for regular people. I 'm not a world traveler , so maybe this is normal , but it is truly the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in .

mingle by the Park is a nice little budget hostel...and budget being the operative word , it is understandable that you 'll get a small room , especially in a country like HK where there is n't a lot of space .

fanny , the owner of this hotel is a space logostic genius , what she 's been able to pack into a space smaller than a prison cell is brilliant .

i was currently live in Macau and I stayed at this hotel at 2 Oct 2009. However , when I back to Macau I received my credit card bill which show me that they chared me an additional fee HKD65. When I e-mail them and they notified me that they forgot to release my credit card and they promise to transfer the money back to my China Bank Account. However , they told me the bank will charge them HKD220 service charge. So. they said they will send me the money by post. Now , I have already settled my credit card bill and I really want to get my money back though it 's just a small amount of money. I think this is not fair !

is not a bad hotel if you can walk up and down 5 floors everytime.. .

stayed for one night in June during a 4 day Hong Kong stopover .

we stayed at another hotel while other friends stayed here at mingle by the park. i should say that the entrance was barely noticeable with all the stores lines up at the same street and their name sign was not helpful at all. the entry way was immediately the small narrow staircase leading up to the business centre and lobby on the second floor. the walls were n't even painted , it was just bare cement with bathroom-like tiled stairs. but the upper floors had some wallpapers already. the staircases were equipped with fire extinguishers and decorated by a couple of picture frames. yes no elevators but it was n't a long plight to the next floor. it could create a problem when you have big and heavy luggage and you are at the upper floors .

i stayed in the &quot ; lite&quot ; room which has a narrow single bed - this would be cramped for tall guests .

