the room was not ready when we arrived but everything went smoothly after that. The large flat screen TV was great with a wide selection of cartoons , kept my daughter occupied while we uploaded our travel pics to the internet through the free Wi-Fi service , you just need to ask for the password from the front desk. We were so surprised to find that the electrical outlets were not compatible but plug adapters were readily available at the front desk too. Just a short walk to the Sheung wan station and also to a 7/11 store. The rooms were really small but was very clean and cozy. Nice clean bathroom with fresh towels everyday .

i only stayed at this Hotel because it was Christmas and it was in my budget. Like some other cities , Hong Kong hotels put up their tariffs by 150 % over this period , as this hotel , Mingle on the Wing did so. This $ 50 hotel cost $ 130 on average over the 4 horrible nights I spent there .

i stayed here one night before catching a flight back home- they have what is called a &quot ; lite&quot ; room for single travellers. it is small but well set up with tons of gadgets and movies and so much high tech stuff I had to have the front desk come up and help me ! I got it for an amazing price online but I think their regular prices are too high. I paid 350 Hong Kong dollars and it is on the island walking distance to Wanchai and Soho. Nice staff too .

we decided to book this hotel mainly because of the central location. The hotel was really difficult to find. We exit from the Sheung Wan station. The entrance of the hotel was very small and hard to spot. We literally walked past it. Luckily , with the help of the shopkeeper there , we managed to find it in the end. The rooms were quite small but they are clean and well made. We were a little surprised when we did n't find a safe in the room. On the second day , there was a blackout at our floor. All the lights were out and this made the packing difficult as we were checking out that day. The receptionist was trying to help as much as possible but I guess there 's nothing much he can do. Overall , it still quite a nice experience staying there .

so i arrived with the airport express to the central station

this place is all about location , situated in the middle of Central. Tiny rooms , but quiet , clean and modern with comfy bed. Service a bit iffy but we did n't go there expecting Four Seasons service. Our double bed was pretty much the size of the room , but our room came with a big balcony ! . So long as you 're not planning to spend all your time lounging in your room during your stay in HK , this hotel is excellent value. Recommended !

been Staying with Mingle the 2nd time this Year , and will Mark my stay next Month again ~ ! Been Traveling to Hong Kong quite a number of time this year , Mingle still the Choice of stay .

being a pseudo-hotel-photo-journalist , i have taken several shots of this small yet IT savvy hotel. the location is in &quot ; sheung wan&quot ; , just a stop away from &quot ; central&quot ; MTR and if you are arriving from macau , this hotel is just a 10-15 mins walk away via a tunnel. been there , done that. everything is pretty much accessible and within reach. a convenient store to your right , a small local fast food chain and on your left , several shops selling bird 's nest &amp ; other chinese herbal stuff .

i stayed in a &quot ; superior room&quot ; for 3 nights. I travelled from Macau and the hotel location is ideal as it is a short walking distance from the Macau ferry terminal .

i stayed here with my sister for one night , the rooms are small but when you are in Hong Kong you dont want to spend time in the room !

what more could you ask for from a city break in Hong Kong ?

i just finished my one week stay at this hotel. My assistant booked it for me for about HKD300 per night. She did n't tell me what kind of room it was but for 300 a night I was n't expecting a suite .

i booked a Standard TWIN room with my mother but when we checked in , I was surprised to find that we had a double bed. No problems , just a little glitch with our booking - staff quickly fixed this up by separating the two single beds .

we stayed here for next to nothing. The staff were friendly , room clean , nice and the mini bar cheap. They had a big TV , lots of free movies , internet and and airconditioning. The most important thing however was that it was very close to the train-about a one minute walk. I would highly reccommend it .

for just HKD270 , you get a single room , comfy bed with proper linen , complete with free wifi , interactive lcd tv with free on-demand movies not fuzzy pirated images /music/online radio stations from all over the world select country then radio station then play , although BBC 1/2/3 did n't work but Capital was fine - 2nd hotel I 've been to with built-in online radio , the other being Pullman Bangkok , Pioneer hifi speakers , electrical sockets , flask , coffee/tea , wardrobe , dvd player hidden in wardrobe , mini-fridge , paper slippers , alarm clock mine was n't crazy , proper toilet with glass door shower stall with rainforest shower head fantastic water pressure , glass door closes properly no water spilling all over the place , toilet bowl with dual water-saving functions , sink and storage below it .

i was apprehensive about booking a stay here after reading the mixed reviews , but I decided to go ahead since the most recent reviews were pretty decent. Well , I totally lived to regret it. The day I arrived at the hotel , I was given a single room on the 9th floor - that was already occupied by a male guest. The gentleman in the room was equally confused , and he called the reception to tell them about the mix-up. I returned downstairs and was asked to wait. No explanation was given by the staff about why my room was already occupied. Fifteen minutes later , one of the staff told me my room 's ready and escorted me upstairs to the 9th floor , and back to the same room I was given earlier. The male guest who had earlier occupied the room was moved to the room next door. I did n't know if he had entered the wrong room by mistake although as to how he could have entered my room with another room 's key card , I had no idea , or if the staff had given the both of us the same room key. Either way , I did n't know because no explanation was offered by the staff .

great things about this Hotel :

i have stayed at many different places in HK , and this was a big surprise. To be warned , the room is tiny , but it 's incredibly efficiently designed. 1 min walk from MTR. They have free wifi and free wired broadband , which seems to less common these days in HK. There is an LCD TV with a wide selection of free movies to watch , and a DVD player if you bring your own if you are coming from the Mainland you may have acquired a few. You are also able to attach your Ipod to the sound system. There is a Skype-based phone , which I have never seen before. The bed is not hard as a rock , as is the usual in China. The biggest surprise was there was a private balcony almost as big as the room itself ! I got my room for less than 40 USD .

i had a business trip to Korea , and took a couple of night stopover in HK on the way back home to Sydney. This rate was cheap and I was sceptical about booking. Yes , my single room was small , but sparkling clean and fresh. Unless you want to work or spend all day in the room it should not be a problem. There was the usual outside noise , as you will get anywhere in HK , but closing the window soon fixed this .

accommodation ? ? ? depends on our style and the purpose of our travels .

we stayed at MoW for 4 nights in mid Feb 2009 while visiting family in Hong Kong. We wanted to stay in Central rather than the hotels in Kowloon so we could be close to everything and within walking distance. We could n't believe the value for money of the hotel in AUD $ - and were nervous about what to expect. To say we were pleasantly surprised was an understatement. We were in standard double on the 11th floor. The bedroom itself was very small with about 0.5 metres or less around the king bed - this was basically the room so we had to be patient with the suitcase storage and be pretty tidy when we were there. The bathroom is a reasonable size with a really good shower. All the electrical stuff worked well - we did n't have any problems at all. The decor is in the boutique hotel mode - clean , crisp and modern feeling. Just beware of the building work - we were wlong at about 715 am witha thud thud noise that sounded like it was in the area and the bed/room actually shook a little - it lasted for about 20 - 30 mins. Talking to family linving on the Island they said they also felt it in SoHo and it was a development where the foundations were getting put in. The mornings after we were less disturbed and got back to slep pretty quickly after .

this hotel is located very close to the Shueng Wan MTR which is very convenient. It is also very close to Des Voeux road for trams and SoHo for nightlife .

the Mingle rooms look great in the promo photos , but they are actually terribly small -- even the &quot ; upgraded&quot ; suites. There is no place to put large suitcases , and the only place for cosmetics or bath items is a tiny 2&quot ; wide shelf running under the bathroom mirror. Both the bath mirror and the mirror on the wall between the bathroom and the bed are useless. Why ? Poor lighting design... it is extremely difficult to shave or apply makeup. We had endless problems with the music player//tv// sound system. The front desk people were very helpful , but they had to come to the room every day to fix something. Terrible. The Mingle looks like it would be the place for sophisticated travelers , but beware , it is not. Rather if you can live out a backpack , have no need for personal grooming , and are happy in a room that you can not even turn around in because it is so small , then the Mingle might be for you. Noise Warning : Loud construction noise up and down the street until at least April , 2009. But then again , you may find the sound of jackhammers at 8 a.m. pleasant. We did not. That 's why we moved over to the Stanford Hillview , to enjoy a real large room , for the same price .

right down the street from the Sheung Wan A2 exit with three late night conveniences stores nearby. Also taxis always going through the intersection to get to the harbour. Coffee shop advertised on the website was closed. Room 12th floor very small the shower is wider than the hallway , little awkward to store and move around , and never figured out how to unplug the sink service had to do it . Had issues operating the TV and the 'technological settings'. But clean , convenient , free wi-fi and for the price , excellent value booked on hotelclub.com . Hotel will want a $ 500HKG deposit up front which is returned at the end. If you 're not planning to spend a lot of the time in the room , it 's well-located no issues coming back late and in a interesting area traditional herb/medicine shops instead of mega malls .

after spending a miserable day at another hotel , I did n't have much hope for Mingle on the Wing - I just wanted to leave Hong Kong asap. However , Mingle on the Wing turned out to be much better than I expected and I truely enjoyed my stay with them .

as expected a small hotel , lite room , but worth every cent , great location , next to MTR , walk to CBD , free broadband , both wired &amp ; wireless

we were booked to stay 4 nights , but checked out on Day 3 !

the hotel is fairly new , and I found it attractive. But , it has Technology Gone Wild. You can use the TV and remote control to set the air conditioning , turn the lights off and on and select mood lighting , tune the TV , watch movies , listen to the radio , among other things. It would be great if it all worked flawlessly , but it does n't. On two out of my five nights there , all the lights in the room suddenly turned on , waking me up. I guess there 's some short-circuit somewhere in my room , but how will they ever find it ? To turn on the TV and tune to channel 9 took 12 key presses on the remote control. The TV volume was fine , but when I tried to watch a movie from their online collection , there was no volume. The very helpful girl from the front desk fixed it , but the next day I had the same problem. It would just be better to have equipment that works , instead of making things so complicated .

i arrived to a small , EMPTY hallway as it seemed the &quot ; concierge&quot ; who was rude and unhelpful was attending to a personal call outside. When someone finally arrived to help , I was told the elevator was broken. As a result I had to haul my suitcase up 7 flights of stairs ! I kid you not. Communication between employees takes place through &quot ; oh-so-modern&quot ; walkie talkies with messages being repeated several times and in several languages as no-one can understand each other. The room was TINY. There is no bath although there is their famous &quot ; torrential rain&quot ; shower--which switches between ultra hot and ultra cold , not to mention is a complete waste of water. Their shower TV , which is &quot ; cutting edge technology&quot ; was broken. I WATCHED several movies but HEARD none of them as their sound system is terrible. There is no view and the windows hardly open anyway . I could go on , but I think you get the point .

please be aware that the single rooms do not have any windows. Tiny rooms when you just need somewhere to sleep are fine but I found it more then a little suffocating to be in a windowless room .

i booked a room at Mingle on the Wing for its accessibility to the Ferry Terminal and proximity to the MTR station. As expected , the room was small as of most hotels in HK but it was relatively clean. It lived up to my expectations until , I experienced problems with not just the TV remote , the heater but also the fire alarm ,

a very , very small room , but contained all I needed for a great stay .

this hotel is on a small street but one block from the main Des Veoux Road. We took the airport express train from the airport and then took a cab for $ 16HK dollars to the hotel. The cabs here are cheap ! It 's 1/2 block from the Sheun Wan MTR station which is really convenient as you can get almost anywhere on the subway. Subways are extremely clean and safe. The area is safe to walk around late at night as well with a 24hr 7-Eleven variety store on the corner for late night drinks and snacksl. You can walk to the Macau ferry terminal in 5 minutes and to the other ferry terminals in about 10-15 minutes. The staff are friendly and the rooms are clean and compact. I guess for HK standards this is typical - we stayed in a deluxe room on the 4th floor. I would recommend getting an upgraded room as it 's a little bigger but by no means large by Canadian standards - just enough to open our two suitcases. The wake up call feature that you can program on the TV is really interesting...TV comes on first and then all the lights and then the phone rings.. .

this hotel is recommendable to everyone. Esther the receptionist assisted us very well. She is excellent,she took care of us.to the management of mingle on the wind thank you so much ! ! ! we really enjoyed our vacation. our room was very clean , could not ask for anything

we had two rooms , a single room and a twin room. Firstly reception is efficient checked in at 3pm and was quickly into the room. Need $ HK500 per room for bond or credit card imprint. Single room was on 5th floor , Twin on 12th floor. My single room had a balcony , very compact bed and bathroom. Literally 30cm between toilet bowl and basin , so its very tight. Shower was strong on 5th floor but weak on the 12th floor. Twin room bathroom was larger however shower area was smaller than single room. Nice LCD screen which has some weird controls , so wont be suprising if you experience some difficulties. However very nice modern renovation , like an ikea style room. Location is just 1 min from Sheung Wan MTR station entrance and 10 mins to HK ferry terminal , however there are stairs so may need to carry heavy luggage. The area is n't too touristy so there arent hawkers around. We were allowed to leave our luggage for an extra 5 hours past checkout for no charge. Wifi unfortunately did n't work on 5th floor , but there are two computers to use on the ground floor. If you need power adaptor they have convertors to lend out. With sleeping , I 'm 165cm and I find my feet overhang the bed. They supply toothbrush/paste/razor/cream/slippers. The lighting is very minimal the lighting can cast shadows when you look at yourself in the mirror. One criticism is they need to have hooks for coats behind doors/bath door. However its clean and quiet for a good nights rest. Would come back again good value/location. But might try its other hotel at Tsim Sa Tsui .

i stayed at Mingle on the Wing for four nights when I was in Hong Kong with my girlfriend. I think we got a good deal as we paid only around $ 60USD for a double .

stayed 3 nights , single room , TINY , I had no luggage and still couldnt move. Complicated technology. 3 night s in and still couldnt work anything out. No room numbers on doors so takes a while to work out your room. Not to mention new arrivals knocking on all doors trying to work out which might be their room. Doors open and close loudly. Toilet mirror on leftside not in front. Weird. Noisy from street. Thin walls. Can hear neighbours do EVERYTHING so be aware of that. 1 lift for 15 floors. Dirty lift. Staff do the basic. Not rude but no smiles .

although well located and close to an MTR stop , our stay at Mingle on the Wing could have been better. The rooms are small but cute and and clean. The lobby and the elevator have seen better days .

whilst the staff were all very polite and appeared sincere and concerned , we found the following problems at this hotel :

we got a good rate for our room by booking online - it was a four day consecutive rate. HK $ 490 per night. It was a standard room ie. the basic one .

