while in Hong Kong I had to deal with some difficult personal problems but the Nathan Hotel provided a happy refuge from all that. My room was spacious , attractive and spotless. The staff helped me deal with a lost passport and was unfailingly courteous. The little bar on the rooftop is n't half-bad either .

the wise old hotel saying goes : &quot ; do n't spioil the hotel for a ha'penny of grub&quot ;

pros

went there on a month of december and booked trough the information airport counter. The price was not cheap and being in the hospitality business i had high expectation...and i found everything perfect. The rooms amenities were great and service excellent. The hotel is located a short ride by MTR to downtown HK , and reachable from a short walk to Tsim Sha tsui , were you can enjoyed the stunning view on HK skyline. It is my favorite choice in town and if you cant afford big hotels names and do not want the thrill of in night in a guest house , this one will meet your expectations. Best Value/Money.. .

spent 9 days in great room. Not the cheapest , but better value than we 've had in other cities. Extremely comfortable and convenient. The bed was huge with great mattress , down doona and a choice of pillows. We were delighted with the size of the room as other reviews had warned of small room size. Air conditioning was good , tours offered were very good , and staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet became a bit boring and there was no cows milk....but plenty of food , and it was included in the price .

nathan Hotel is a bit 'off ' in a way that it tries to be a boutique hotel but yet lacks certain standards .

the Nathan hotel is a good , average four-star hotel. It 's main attraction is the relatively decent value for money you get. The rooms are quite nice and the staff are helpful but a bit hard to communicate with. Internet access is very expensive , a real turnoff. Breakfast was nice .

the second time I have stayed here. While not a top of the range hotel , it does offer good value. Rooms were clean , beds comfortable , service was fine , breakfast basic but no complaints - especially as I did n't have to shop for it or cook it ! Close to the Jordan MTR and the Temple Street night markets where we ate at the Aberdeen fish restaurant. Great food .

early this month my wife and I stayed for 2 nights with friends and my brother. We were well looked after. The rooms were excellent , good size for a major city , lots of towels and lovely linens. The breakfast was good with eggs cooked to order and both European and Chinese breakfast dishes.anything we asked a reception was dealt with perfectly and we were given a late checkout and then offered to store our bags and the luggage porter even gave us advice as to what was the most cost-effective way to get to the airport .

the rooms in the hotel were very good for the price and the breakfast was excellent. But really the best bit of this hotel was the convenience to the airport express train free shuttle bus from the nearest station stops at the hotel , albeit the last stop on the route and to the MRT , which is the easiest way to get around Hong Kong. The staff were also very helpful - even gave us back our same room when we had to book an extra night after our flight out was cancelled at the last minute .

we stayed in a Nathan Grand room and found it excellent. The size of the room was more than adequate , clean and modern and gave us access to the Nathan Lounge where we had free internet. The hotel staff we pleasant and helpful , the breakfast that came with the room catered for all tastes. The location of the hotel is great and with a bus stop a minute away from the door of the MTR station 5 minutes away , getting around is so easy. Temple Street markets and the Ladies Market are very close and of course the shops in and around Nathan Road cater for everyone. Access from the airport to the hotel is simple - just catch the airport train to Kowloon station and get on the free bus K1 which will take you right to the hotel door. Travel back to the airport is again simple - catch the free bus from the hotel back to Kowloon station , check in your bags and get your boarding pass at the station and then catch the train to the airport. The only down side was the hotel restaurant at night. The menu is very traditional Chinese and maybe not necessarily what westerners would expect - the food was nice but .... .

we have been to Hong Kong before and paid a premium price for the Shangri-La hotel â € ¦ so we were a bit concerned about how we would feel at the Nathan. However we were REALLY pleasantly pleased. We booked direct with the hotel as the rates were the best around at that time. We booked a Nathan studio suite which included access to the Nathan lounge and breakfast. On arrival at the Nathan Hotel we were upgraded to the Nathan Suite free of charge. It was an amazing room with a nice street view and near the Nathan lounge. I can â € ™ t rave enough about these rooms , 2 large lcd tvs , a separate lounge , huge bathroom with twin sinks â € ¦ lovely powerful shower and the bedroom itself was lovely and modern. No problems with the temperature or cleanliness and the bed â € ¦ . I wish I could have taken that back home with me â € ¦ best bed I â € ™ ve ever slept on !

i have actually stayed at the Nathan Hotel on MANY occasions , and will be staying there for another month in November coming. What seems interesting for me is seeing the variation of critiques from different guests regarding the rooms. Let 's clear some things up , as I understand them .

we stayed at the Nathan Hotel for 3nights and there is nothing bad we can say about it apart from the fact that it was perhaps a little further out than we thought. Although the hotel itself is located about 5mins walk to the tube and it is only 1stop away from the harbour .

i booked the room through asiarooms.com. It is located in the heart of Kowloon.The hotel is situated in the middle of the strip where the action is in terms of shopping and more shopping. It is 2 minutes walk from Jordan train station. And next door to the hotel there is a bakery , boutiques and restaurants .

i spent 5 nights here with my daughter after a lengthy backpacking trip throughout Asia. The rooms were very clean , beds super comfortable and the hotel was quiet. The staff were very polite .

excellent hotel for the price , was a little hesitant on staying here as I can be fussy , but once arrived was very happy , defnately not 3 star more 4 star 14 floors boutique hotel , stayed in the Nathan Grand Room 10th floor for a week from the 30th July to 5 August , hotel has been renovated &amp ; is very modern , room is exaclty like the pictures on the internet site , which was very good to see , size is very good , big plasma TV , modern , very clean , comfortable &amp ; no outside noise. If you stay in a Nathan room you get access to the Nathan lounge which is great &amp ; very useful with free internet speed was very good , tv , books &amp ; tea/coffee/drinks snacks complementry , worth paying that bit extra for one of the Nathan category rooms Nathan Floor in my opinion , seems most negative views for the nathan hotel are from guests that have chosen one of the standard rooms .

this Hotel only deserve 1 STAR. It is a VERY basic hotel BACKPACKER STANDARD and the staff WITH EXCEPTION OF THE STAFF AT THE TOUR DESK are n't the most helpful or pleasant staff we have ever come across .

nice hotel in Kowloon , with ideal location. Short way to shopping district and metro. Starbucks on the hotels first floor is a plus. There is also a great bar on the roof of the hotel. The room was ok .

i stayed here for 1 week it was great in one word .

this is my second review of the Nathan Hotel , as last time I stayed in a different room category Nathan Room . This time , on a several month-long adventure , we needed to stretch our budget further so chose to stay in the Standard room. Our flight arrived at Hong Kong at about midnight , and with this in mind , notified the hotel in advance and reminded them of our need for a non-smoking room , as per our booking. However , when we checked in we were assigned a smoking room , which displeased us. After much polite protesting and the manager becoming involved , we were &quot ; upgraded&quot ; to a Nathan Room for just one night , to be moved to a Standard the next day. Such conditional upgrades are in fact really tiring and disappointing to me , especially after being on the road for so long. I just wanted the room I had booked , and I really did n't want to have to pack up again because of a hotel 's mistake. grr !

the Nathan offers good value in Hong Kong where at present good value is around every corner. The days when we had to look hard for the high quality cheap hotels are momentarily over as we can allafford to stay at the expensive ones owing to the exchange rate. The Nathan should remeber this as it offers good value on an extrememly inconsistent basis. Promises are made and not kept. This is the recurring theme of the reviews on this site .

my husband and I stayed at the Nathan Hotel in May this year and on arrival were immediately upgraded to a suite. Plenty of room with good facilities. There were twin beds and we would have prefered a double bed , but I did not question staff about this. As they were all most helpful , I doubt that changing the sleeping arrangements would have been a problem .

good location. Hotel is clean but the size of the room is very small , which is not Executive Room , as indicated in website. My husband and I were terribly disappointed with the service. We requested a king-sized bed and the hotel staff claimed that it was not written in their record , though i have showed him the printed out email which clearly indicated &quot ; king-size bed&quot ; . Instead of accomodating our request , yes , he gave us a room with &quot ; king-size bed&quot ; but actually 2 single-beds combined as ONE .

i ca n't say enough about this hotel. The hotel looks beautiful inside and out. The hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. We stayed there for a week and only had one complaint , the hotel did n't have a pool. We would definitely stay here again when we come back to the great city of Hong Kong. The hotel is minutes away from the subway and walking distance to the water. The hotel was very clean and modern .

in a great location , 10 min walk to Ladies Market etc , across the road to Temple St Market. Jordan MTR 2 blocks away. We caught the MTR everywhere or walked. Looks a fair way up on the map but do n't let that deter you , it is n't. Great value for money , why pay more when you can stay here ! We stayed in Nathan Room on the Nathan Floor , newly renovated , included buffet breakfast. The rooms were big enough , the ensuite great , the beds were not small , although some have said they were short , we did n't find this and my husband is 5ft11. Very comfortable and you can order pillows off the pillow menu ! The buffet could have offered more but it was fine , eggs , asian breakfast available , pancakes , baked beans etc , juice , tea , coffee. The nathan Room also includes free internet in the Lounge , however the Lounge is only good for that , it does n't have food , you can make a coffee or have a tin of juice but nothing else we only used it for the internet , it was perfect for that reason. Our room also included 2 x waters every morning , which you need as it is so humid ! The bar upstairs was nice we only went there once though prefering to check out other drinking spots. Concierge was great , very happy to offer us suggestions and point us in the right direction. Buy your Disneyland Tickets at the tour desk as this saves you a few dollars. Catch the MTR everywhere and buy an Octpus Card , this card is like a debit card so you can also use it at 7 Eleven , some restaurants etc , so it was great. We checked out early and our flight was n't until late at night , they held our bags at reception and gave us access to the nathan lounge so we could still use internet and watch tv etc , otherwise we would have walked around Kowloon for 8-9 hours so that was great. I would recommend , if I was to return to Kowloon would stay here again , very happy .

this hotel is situated near the Jordan MTR - Staff friendly helpful and for a change cheefull .

we booked 2 Executive rooms , 1 room for 2 adults with 1 child and the other room with extra bed for 2 adults with 2 children and I asked for free upgrade and they upgraded to Execute Suite. Overall is good , the room is spacious and clean. Their staff are friendly. Locations is convenient. We took bus A21 from airport to hotel. Less then 5 mins walk from the bus stop to hotel. On return we took the Airport Free Shuttle Bus K1 route to Kowloon station for in-town checkin and took the Airport MTR. The K1 route 's bus stop is only a few steps away from hotel right in front of 7/11 . Very convenient. The hotel location is good , less then 10 mins walk to Jordan station and is very near to Temple Street .

our 8th time in Hong Kong and - thanks to reading reviews on tripadvisor -we found a decent priced hotel with an excellent location. We took the A21 bus from airport which stopped very close to the hotel at 7.30pm and on checking in we were very pleased to be given an upgrade to a bigger room. Great room but the bathroom was small .

my wife and I stayed at The Nathan for the second time in one year 1st - 9th May 09 and again found the hotel staff to be exceptional. We arrived into HK late and arrived at the hotel where check-in was very smooth and fast. We were shown to our room , which was very clean and tidy. After busy days out shopping and sightseeing it was very nice to come back to our room spotlessly clean .

just arrived back from a fantastic holiday staying in The Nathan Hotel for 1 wk .

we stayed here for 7 days in May 2008. It is very close to the LRT and even the close to all the eating joints as well as the midnight markets. The executive floor rooms were good with access to the lounge where there was free internet and complimentaries. The free breakfast spread was also good. Would recommend it any day .

excellent location , very close to MTR Jordan station. Right in the heart of Kowloon , close to TST. Shopping spots like Temple Street are just few blocks away. Plenty of shops and restaurants around the place. It even has the Starbucks on the footsteps .

i stayed here on the 29th June 2008 for 3 Nights en route to Australia. This was my first time in Hong Kong and on the advise of people that had already travelled to Hong Kong before I wanted to base myself in Nathan Road. I decided on the Nathan Hotel and I booked , though their website , a room on their newly renovated Nathan Floor at HK $ 900 per night this would have converted to 70 euro at the time I had also arranged my airport transfer with them prior to my departure costing HK $ 125 10 euro Checking in was straight forward and the staff at the front desk spoke and understood english perfectly. My room was a nice size. The bed was big and comfortable. There was a plasma screen TV mounted on the wall and also a DVD player. There was also a safe which you can set your own combination code for. I loved the bathroom. It was small but it was bright and clean with a really good shower. They also supplied a bathrobe and slippers. The weather was extremely hot while I was there and the air con in the room worked fine. I could not fault the room in any way .

stayed 5 nights at the Nathan Hotel , Mar 12-17 , 2009. Arrived about 8pm , check-in was very easy , staff was friendly and spoke fluent english. Was assigned room 1311 Executive . Bellhop escorted us to our room and got us situated. This is when I noticed that the elevators are incredibly slow. When we finally made it to the 13th floor and into our room , I did notice right away that the room had a musty smell but figured that all rooms would , as Hong Kong is humid much of the year. Another thing I noticed right away was that there was ONE accessible plug in the ENTIRE room , under a flip-up lid on the desk. No outlet in the bathroom. So to use my electric razor , the desk in the main room is where I had to be .

good clean room .Bed was huge but the room was small by Australian standards .

we have stayed in a lot of hotels in Hong Kong and the Nathan was by far , in our price range , great value for money. It has a fabulous location on Nathan Road , an easy stroll to Temple Street markets or the Jordan MTR station , and the rooms we booked were large by HK standards. We did meet up with other guests at the hotel bar who felt their rooms were particularly small , and I believe the hotel has quite a few different rooms , so maybe we were just lucky. We booked a superior twin room for our sons. Very spacious , clean and no complaints. We had booked a Nathan studio suite for ourselves but we were upgraded on arrival to the Nathan suite. Our room was elegant , and huge. In retrospect we did not need or use the separate lounge area with its own big screen plasma. The bedroom alone was enormous. King bed and a desk/bench that ran the entire length of one wall. The bathroom offered double basin , big shower , and huge bath . I would really be nit picking to find fault. We asked for a received an iron and board on day one and it was left with us throughout the stay The Nathan floors offer free internet and we could access this either via Ethernet , wireless , or 2 large screen computers in the Nathan lounge on our level , level 9 reserved for guests on the Nathan floors. The breakfast room was very pleasant and offered a large enough range of food that we did not get bored over the 6 days we were there. There is a chef to cook your eggs to order throughout the meal service. The only time he let me down was presenting me with rather hard soft boiled eggs. The Bali bar offered 5 to 9 happy hour with an interesting range of cocktails included. It is on the top floor and a rather interesting space. The gym was great as I had it to myself on every visit. It included a massage , sit down shower that was quite novel. We travel to HK often and have found a new favourite hotel. Here â € ™ s hoping our next visit is just as good .

stayed in the grand room on level 9. Excellent size room and bathroom , certainly up to Australian standards re size and hygeine.House keeping was top class , quick to provide anything that was requested. The lounge facilities were very good , free internet access and was always able to get to a computer. Centrally located to MTR , markets and the harbour. Breakfast included with our room , the menu was varied ,as we stayed 2 wks , this kept it fresh , other meals cheap on the streets.Reception staff friendly and helpful , most spoke english or there was someone around who did .

with a thorough internet search and since we are staying only for 3 nights,we choose this hotel due to its location.Having read plenty of hotel reviews and comparisons,we found out that it exceeded our expectations.Though we were not accomodated the time we arrived at around 11 am due to unavailability of our booked room check-in 2pm normal ,we were told to come back at 2 pm to be sure that our room is ready.Since the location is just at the busy nathan rd.,we take time for lunch,bit shopping and familiarization of the area,Past 2 pm when we got back at the hotel,we requested a non smoking and preferably on the higher floor which was granted right away. Our big surprised was when they upgraded us to an executive room instead of the superior room plus we previously booked,thanks to the charming lady and kind staff at the reception.We are a small family of four and still it 's comfortable even with extra bed,there 's wide space for all your stuff.It 's always serviced and availability of coffee and tea were daily taken care of.Bell boy and maids did a terrific job.Overall,our stay was a memorable one from check-in to check-out.We will surely stay at this hotel again when we come back,Thanks to the management and staff for a wonderful stay.Here 's some tips for first timers and with kids like us : plan your trip early,book on a hotel like nathan which is very close to most transportations like the jordan MTR,double decker buses from airport they 'll drop you close to hotel and taxisalong nathan road.Travelling 's so convenient from here wherever you go to any point of hongkong,just have it with you always from airport the maps,informations and esp.the octupus card where you can use in any trains and buses.Dont forget to visit disneyland and stay late to watch the spectacular fireworks,the famous ocean park,take a cable ride to the golden buddha pagoda at tungchung village,an afternoon ride to peak tram to the victoria peak to see the beautiful view of HK,take an afternoon stroll to the avenue of stars at tsim tsa tsui.There were lots of nice places to visit if you have extra days and for those shopping afficionados,there 's the night market til 12 pm just close to the hotel where you can buy souveneirs,cheap cloths with quality etc. like divisoria ,giordano and bossini shops were just a walking distance and for bigger shopping malls,try the citigate at tungchung village and the harbour city malls,in tsim tsa tsui ,think youv'e got everything in there.On line search for more information about your trip helps alot such the travel advisor and most important ask a friend who visited the place for more specific informations just what we did and you will have an organise and wonderful stay,thanks to you Tina L. regards from mrmirandacretegreece

i stayed in the Nathan Hotel in September 2008 whilst i was on a trip to Hong Kong with my two best mates .

i 'm surprised to see so many positive reviews for this hotel. Maybe we were just unlucky with our room , or perhaps booking a Nathan Room is essential for a good stay. We stayed in one of the regular rooms , and although it was spacious and had a DVD player , I found the bathroom to be exceptionally small , even for Hong Kong standards. The furniture in the sitting area was so cheap that the sofa moved everytime you sat on it. I swear I 'm not fat

we are really happy and satisfied with our hotel !

i stayed there with my wife for 2 nights late October , we booked this hotel from the reviews shown here but I would say that the room was average , our room/bathroom was a little old and worn and the room was tiny for the price we paid. Service was excellent though , both in check-in and at check-out at 4 : 30 in the morning .

great hotel , and very good location. i loved the clean modern rooms with hugh plasma tvs , dvd players and mp3 speakers. beds were so comfy , and the breakfast was really nice with a good selection of food. staff were very friendly. starbucks was down stairs which was nice. We booked on bookings . com and paid a very reasonable price for our 5 night stay. i would recommend this hotel to everyone !

i stayed in the Nathan Hotel for 3 nights , on the way back to Scotland from Australia. I arrived around 8.30am and my room was ready straight away which was great after my long flight - no hanging around .

my mom and I was travelling to Hong Kong on a shopping trip so we wanted to be in a great location. The check in was fast and people were very friendly. Our room was on the 10th floor which we had a pretty good view. The room was small but it was very morden and clean. The room was fully aircon. We could not open the door because it would be too noisey with the traffic sounds outside. The hotel was very near the night market and the shopping area .

my wife and I have just completed an around the world trip staying in hotels in 18 major cities. We both rated the Nathan Hotel in Kowloon as the best of our trip. We arrived at 1.30am in the morning and the staff were still very friendly and helpful. We were booked into a standard double room which looked fantastic. The desk clerk who accompanied us to our room suggested that we may want to look at some up-grade rooms on other floors. We accepted his offer and finally decided on a room that I could only describe as a luxurious penthouse , on the 9th floor. This room was only about $ 70US more than our original room. A huge bedroom with massive plasma , a seperate lounge room with another big plasma. Magnificent , massive brand spanking new shiny bathroom. On the same floor is a fantastic free internet business lounge where you even get complimentary coffee and cold orange juice. Breakfast on the top floor was exceptional. A cook actually stands next to a wok and creates egg dishes to your own liking right in front of your eyes. The rest of the buffet style breakfast is top quality and was included in the price. For around $ 330 a night this place leaves the Hilton and Sheraton for dead. The concierge , Arial , was extremely helpful as were the rest of the delightful staff. The hotel is perfectly situated close to Jordon Train Station and the amazingly colourful Temple St Markets are just across the street. It is smack bang in the middle of one of the worlds greatest shopping districts. My wife and I got top quality optical lens glasses for only $ 70 each and they were ready the same day ! Right next door you can get a fantastic full body massage for around $ 50. We both had one , it was my first time and I recommend it. The incredible harbour is an enjoyable 15 minute walk from the hotel. The only problem is the hotel room is so nice you wo n't want to get out and enjoy the sights. Simply the best .

i have got to admit , for the price that i 'm forking out , the hotel is really valuable for money !

i had a great stay at this hotel , which was very well situated in Kowloon. After reading other trip advisor comments , I stayed in a room on the Nathan floor and was extremely impressed by the quality of the room as well as the 42 inch plasma screen tv mounted on the wall and the free internet. The service at the front desk really lacked something , but if you treat the hotel as serviced apartments , you could n't ask for better for the very cheap prices that they are asking .

this is the third time that we have been in Hong Kong and we were looking for a good hotel in Kowloon where we can easily access the MTR and Nathan Road for purposes of traveling Hong Kong , without having to pay the exorbitent prices of the harbour hotels. After loads of research we decided to book a Nathan Room in the Nathan Hotel , including breakfast , on the &quot ; Rates-to-Go&quot ; website. On arrival we were pleasantly surprised with the room , which had a lovely view of Nathan Road , and the modern look and feel. Make sure though that you book on the 9th Floor , as this floor has the new upgraded rooms and also a private lounge. The breakfast restaurant is in the process of being renovated and can do with a new decor , but the breakfast was much better than what previous comments made it out to be and we enjoyed having a glimpse of the harbour from the penthouse restaurant .

my Girlfriend and I stayed at Nathan Hotel for 3 nights. We booked the summer executive room promotion so we got free internet access in our room and late check-out until 2pm which was great !

this hotel has changed in the last year. The rooms have improved 100 % and the Breakfast has improved Also the service .

booking through the hotel website 2 weeks before my arrival to hk , i chose the nathan room. so after a few checks i changed my mind , so i modified my application to a bigger room which is nathan grand room , through the same place where i made my booking earlier. when i arrived , nobody greeted me. they were chatting and laughing at the counter while i stand alone looking at them. they only responded when i said 'hey'. after all the things were done at the front desk , i went up to my room to see that it was the wrong room i wanted , so i called up the reception and asked wat type of room this is. they lied and said 'it 's nathan grand room'. i was very disappointed and told them ithis is normal nathan room , and not the grand room. i went back to the front desk to explain i did a modification , while a staff were trying to amend , 2 other staffs were at her back whispering in cantonese how troublesome i am plus few rude remarks. bet they did not know i travel to hk too much , thats why i can makeout wat they were trying to say. so i was told i have to wait an hr before my correct room is ready , 2 hrs passed and nobody got back to me. i have to approach the desk again , get the right key to the right room , and nobody apologised to me when it 's their booking system in the computer that screwed up. overall cheap getaway with big rooms but service wise... dont think bout it .

we booked the Nathan Hotel through our travel agent as we were traveling to Hong Kong for our Honeymoon. The lobby of the Nathan looked fine but there were many things I did not like when we got to our room :

using the Hotel Desk in the Hong Kong International Airport we found Nathans Hotel. It was an awesome experience. The rooms are big for Hong Kong. The location is great , the staff friendly , and the amenties are wonderful. I would stay here again .

i stayed at Nathan Hotel for 4 nights as recommended by my office friend with consideration this hotel has undergone significant renovation .

my fiancee and I stayed here for 3 nights and loved it. Very affordable , great service , and very clean rooms. The location was also very good very close to the metro station . I would honestly give the breakfast buffet a 3-4 stars , but it was convenient and free with our Nathan room .

looked at multiple places to stay for 3nts .

date May 19th

we stayed for 3nights , and were extremely pleased with the quality of the room and service .

as first time visitors to Hong Kong , we thought the hotel was good value for money and is ideally located on Nathan road , near to the night markets and only a few blocks from the MTR .

the hotel is ideally situated on Nathan Road. From Kowloon station the free airport shuttle K1 stops in front of the Eaton Hotel that is at the other site of the street. Check in was quickly and we got an upgrade to the Nathan Suite. The rooms are nicely decorated , large and refurbished. The rooms have big flat screen TV 's , CD / DVD-players and nice designed bathrooms not a bath and not too big , but fine . I suggest to take a room on the &quot ; Nathan floors&quot ; floors 9 to 12 because the other floors are not yet renovated. As a guest of a Nathan Room we could use the Nathan Club Floor. A room that is not too big , but where you can use free internet and coffee / tea / soft drinks. Overall the hotel is nice and our room was very quiet. The breakfast on floor 15 was a little dissapointing. For a 4 star hotel the choise was sufficient a small buffet but the restaurant is typical chinese decorated and compared to the lobby and the rooms it is a little outdated. The staff is friendly but they are not all professionals. Resuming : a good 4 star hotel with acceptable price / quality relation but do n't expect 5 star quality .

i stayed there for 9 days and it was a wonderful experience. The rooms were recently renovated , and it was huge by hotel standards. Decoration was pleasant and the furnishings were comfortable. The only let-down was the television which was an old CRT. It was not even flat screen. The room was on the 5th. floor , overlooking the busy Nathan Road. There was slight humming sound coming from the traffic below but not intrusive. The Bali Bar on the top floor was a very pleasant place to cool down after a long day of walking. Tried the gym but I was the only one there. The staff were friendly , efficient but not intrusive. This hotel is very conveniently located along busy Nathan Road , with Jordon Station around the corner and Tsim Sah Tsui Station about 5 mins walk. The famous Temple Street Market is just across the road , about 2 mins walk. I spend most of my time out of the hotel , and only came back in the evenings , so this hotel is perfect for the intreipid traveller. All in all , a nice little gem. Worth every cent .

good location and close from MTR Jordan station but with incovenient of town noise. You are in Koolown downcenter !

we stayed fr 1st Jan till 5th Jan,

i had a room on the 13th floor. It was really large and clean. The hotel is really close to Jordan MTR and the hotel also offers a complimentary service to the harbour area .

we stayed in a renovated room on the 13th floor. The room was very clean and the decor was nice. The staff were great ! One of the bell hops was exceptionally gracious enough to offer tips and where to go , after dropping off our luggage at our room. The only negative was the rate for internet usage at 50HKD for 1 hour , and that was the minimum. Other than that , we had a great stay and enjoyed staying on Nathan Road .

the Nathan Hotel is in just the right location on Nathan Rd with the added bonus of having a starbucks attached ! ! The Rooms are very clean with a contempory feel the flat screen tv attached to the wall could be mistaken for a mirror it was that big ! ! ! The Breakfast was lovely but did'nt quite fancy fried rice that early ! ! ! but there was lots to chose from. The Bali bar on the 14 floor is a must to visit after a days shopping/sight seeing sat on the wonderfull sofa 's sipping a cosmopoliton was my favourite place to round the day off. The staff are quite helpfull but can be very blinkered. Would recommend this hotel to anybody , I would return again

i stayed with my family at the Nathan Grand rooms from 22 Sep for 3 nights. As the rooms are recently renovated , we find them to be exceptionally clean and comfortable. They are also spacious compared with other HK hotels which gave my two year old son plenty of room to run about. We took the promotional package that came with a nice buffet breakfast for two at HKD800 + + . We had access to the Nathan Lounge that offer free drinks , tarts and internet. The computer in the lounge came in handy as I used it to download the pictures and videos which we took with our digital camera daily into USB sticks .

had booked a standard room but it had a separate sitting room with an additional TV , so it was more like a suite. Fluffy bathrobes , big bathroom , very clean. The airport bus $ 33/person dropped us on Nathan Rd , very close to the hotel. Leaving HK we had an early departure , so we booked the hotel transport , $ 120/person , to make life even easier. Plenty of buses and Jordan station nearby , but we ended up doing a lot of walking. Probably about a 20 minute walk to the harbour. Temple St market close to the hotel. Friendly and attentive staff in reception. Breakfast buffet a bit ordinary , otherwise everything great .

me and my sister , Asian girls one in her early 20s , the other in her late 20s , stayed in Nathan Hotel for two nights just last June. We paid for a Superior Twin Room and loved it. We loved that the decor of the hotel is contemporary Asian and that the ambience of the lobby , our room 's hallway , and our room is very fresh. No peeling wall paint , no bald carpets , no dingy hallways. The linens and towels were fresh and spotless white. We each had a huge rolling duffel and carry-on and there was enough floor space in our room for me and my sister to move around and put our luggages , carry-ons and other stuff. The closet space and drawer space was more than enough I ca n't imagine a situation where it 'll all be needed. There 's a power outlet that was a little tricky for me to find on top of the desk. The bathroom was small , ok , and the bathroom counter top was practically non-exsistent but we managed by just leaving our toiletries in our toiletry bags. For a two-night stay , we did n't want to bother to lay out a lot of our stuff. The buffet breakfast was good. If you 're staying for more than three days , it could be boring. Temple St. Night Market is less than 10 minutes walking distance from Nathan Hotel. Nathan Hotel is closest to the Jordan MTR station but walk once to the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR Station at the south end of Kowloon Park and enjoy Nathan Road with all the stores/shops , activities , neon lights , double decker buses , and tourists .

hotel lobby look grand &amp ; with nice setting but the image doesnt seem to flow the moment you speak to the staff &amp ; you exit the lift. I book 2 rooms , one superior room &amp ; a triple room , when i check it , the stuff told me the triple room is ready but the other room was not ready &amp ; ask me to wait till 3pm , the room given to me was located @ level 4 , lift was located at the back of the main lift .

stayed at the Nathan in May. The hotel had construction going on during the day. But I was never there during the day so it was not a problem at all. The rooms are okay. The beds are pretty comfy. The night front desk clerk was hard to understand english. We had been in China for 2 weeks and Hong Kong was our last stop. Having to decipher what the clerk was saying was no big deal after two weeks. For someone just arriving , it could be a big deal. The hotel is located about one block away from the Jordan MTR. There 's a Starbucks right around the corner. There 's also a couple of places to eat in the area. The breakfast buffet was very expensive at the hotel. $ 95HK per person. We did not eat there. The bar on the 15th floor is nice. A little get-away from the hustle bustle. Drinks were good. The weather was very hot and humid as it had rained for a week and stopped the night we arrived. Overall , the stay at the hotel was fine for the price. Tons of shopping every where. Would recommend that you find out where SOHO is. Great place to hang out for dinner , dancing , and live music .

not a lot to say about this one in some ways. Ended up here as due to a jewelery fair , or whatever was the latest excuse , hotels in HK were either booked up or had doubled their rates. That pretty much applied to the Nathan which was overpriced at what I paid but fine at the I saw being quoted for the following week - half the price nearly. Room was a decent size for a hotel of this type and more importantly they 'd made sensible use of space. Did n't see in room internet but was only there for one night so did n't really bother. It is convenient for the MTR. Local area was the typical wall to wall concrete &amp ; neon that is Hong Kong .

there is no denying that hotel rates in Hong Kong are expensive. And to secure accomodations that include a free breakfast buffet jacks up the prices altogether. Not with Nathan Hotel. At a little less than USD100 nett per night for twin sharing , this is one of the stand-out value-for-money deals that can be had in this shopping mecca .

my friends and I stayed here Nov 9th - 17th. When we got to the hotel they did not have the room we booked available triple occupancy . The manager gave us a 1 bedroom suite instead , the biggest one on the floor. We had 1 tv in the room with 2 twin beds &amp ; a separte living room area with 2 couches &amp ; another tv. They sent a rollaway bed for the 3rd person which was pretty darn comfortable. The staff are super friendly and also speak fluent english. Maid was extra nice as well and our room was cleaned everyday and anything we had requested was done. I would definitely stay here again and would highly reccomend to others. Rooms seem to be bigger then average HK rooms from the floorplan we 've seen in our room. Our room was definitely much bigger then the average room in US. I would compare the size of our suite to the size of room at Venetian Suite in Vegas if not bigger .

great location. Staff were efficient and helpful. Our room smelt like cigarette smoke so we asked to be changed to a non smoking room - they did this efficiantly and without hassel. Included breakfast was quite bad though. Would recommend staying here to people who want a great location and use their room only as a place to sleep .

arrived at the Nathan Hotel for a 2 night stay , slightly apprehensive after reading mixed reviews on Trip Advisor. Booked through Hotels.com and got two rooms for four adults for $ 396 USD which was approx Â £ 52/room/night. After reading reviews regarding the size of the rooms , we were expecting to be given rooms the size of shoeboxes , especially as we did not book through the Hotel direct .

clean hotel , Room quite new , accross the street have night market and food , 5 mins walk to Jardan MRT station , recommend to stay .

i stayed 5 nights from Sept 18-22 , 2006. Part of a package : airfare + included hotel .

i stayed at Nathan Hotel for 3 Nights. When I first got there , they gave me a Standard Twin SHaring room with a rollover bed. Apparently if you have only 2 persons , the standard twin sharing bedroom would look good as there would be enough space for 2. But if added a rollover bed plus an additional person , you would find lesser space to put your bags and walk about , not to mention they have 2 chairs and a coffee table in the room too .

as I need to stop over in HK , I had stay in this hotel for 1 night. When I stepped in the hotel lobby , there were 2 staffs in counter , but on one found I was there. In front of me there were a western checking in , so I need to wait for 10 minutes for the check in process. The one who served me , called David , without any welcoming smile and seems like feel impatient to me , but I saw him spoke to the western with a big smile !

i was a little reluctant to stay here after reading some of the reviews but I can say that I was pleasantly surprised that the naysayers were definitely wrong. The Nathan Hotel is a solid 3 star hotel that offers a real value especially with being located in such a bustling shopping area and with public transportation in abundance nearby .

our room never seen on internet or review .

stayed in this hotel over easter for about a week and the room size was quite small , but had expected that. The rooms and hotel in general smelt like cigarettes pungently , very overpowering and sickening. The hotel staff were probably the rudest people i had the misfortune of meeting. They were rude , inconsiderate , no manners , preferably spoke to asian tourists only and when confronted about a problem made the whole ordeal seem like it was our fault card would not work to gain entry to the door .

don â € ™ t believe the photos on their web site , they must be their suites. These are smallest rooms in the world out of hundreds I â € ™ ve stayed in. Such a disappointment , I chose this hotel for location and having never been to Hong Kong before I thought it would matter but it doesn â € ™ t , many of the other hotels I considered were all within one to five minutes walk away .

after extensive research on your site reading many , many HK hotel reviews , we were rather disappointed about the glowing reports of the Nathan Hotel. Our travel agent had booked us in to the Eaton next door and upon reading reviews from your site we changed our booking to the Nathan although it was dearer and included no breakfasts. We slept at the Nathan but spent 5 of our 6 breakfasts at the Eaton - superb. Our 1 breakfast at the Nathan was nothing short of mediocre. We realise hotel rooms in HK are small but you had to climb over the bed and bedside table to get into the closet and safe in order to hand a maximum of 6 items of clothing , and this a deluxe room. Most people on your site said that hotels in Nathan Rd are close to everything but we would disagree and next time we would stay at the other end of Kowloon near the harbour looking across to Hong Kong. Apart from the hotel HK was spectacular .

nice furnishings in room , but my God , it 's small ! I set up a corporate account with these guys , and I ca n't imagine putting my 300lb boss in one of these phone booth size rooms. Looked like it had been recently refurbished , and the staff was very attentive. Had 2 bad meals in the restaraunt , I would not recommend eating there. Very poor service for both dinner and breakfast , and really bad steak at dinner. if I stayed again , I 'd go out .

be careful with this hotel. Location is good on Nathan Road , but you can be booked into a room almost the size of my 'walkin ' closet ! There appear to be two wings ; a 5 floor section and a larger 15 floor tower. I was in the 5 floor section. The larger tower may not have received the recent million dollar remodeling ; as the front desk indicated these were the 'standard ' rooms .

the Nathan is right off of Nathan - the main street in Hong Kong. It 's very close to the Jordon station at the MTR , so it 's great if you want to get around town easily. The lobby has been updated but some of the rooms have not. The rooms are circa 1970 - especially the hairdryers ! The beds are comfortable though and there was enough space to open 2 bags and still walk around. The staff were very helpful and friendly. Good value if you 're looking for something in town with a good location .

