i am a Hong Kong native who moved to the San Francisco about 20 years ago , and recently bought a flight + hotel package to go home to visit family. This hotel located on &quot ; Choon Yuen&quot ; street presented as one of the cheapest package options , but I mistook this as the Newton Hotel which is ALSO in the same region of Hong Kong. BE AWARE : Newton Inn Hotel is NOT the same as Newton Hotel on Electric Road ; the latter , which I have visited before , is much more decent and comfortable .

my over all experience with the place was pretty ok.. well i didnt really expected much since it was really affordable compared to the others but the placce was good

what a nice hotel , the staff is impeccable , the rooms are clean , and the water pressure is actually up to North American pressure standards. The layout of the rooms are very logical , roomy showers , bath tubs if you need them , and comfy towels .

i stayed together with two friends we had one extra bed in the room at the Newton Inn North Point for 6 nights this february .

my partner and I stayed here for 5 days because it was near his family. His family in Hong Kong booked this for us and I have to admit I would have chosen somewhere else .

i stayed a week at the Newton Inn , North Point. The room itself is nice. The bed is hard , but spacious. The towels are clean and there are free toothbrushes , toothpastes , shower gel , and shower cap available. Most rooms have ocean view so it 's very nice view looking across the Victoria harbor. The hotel has a roof top swimming pool. However , it is only open from Monday to Friday , 7am - 11am. There is business center but it costs HK $ 30 for 30 minutes usage. The hotel lobby is nice and the lobby staff is okay. The housekeeping staff was very unfriendly. One night at almost midnight the fuse jumped in our room and we were unable to watch TV or use any of the electrical outlet. We called the housekeeping staff and they were very unfriendly and impolite. Nonetheless , they came by to fix the problem. The hotel location is not very good. It 's in the middle of the open-air wet market. Therefore , you can see many fish sellers and vegetable sellers right outside the hotel. It 's quite dirty. However , inside the hotel is fine. Due to the location of this hotel situated in the middle of the wet market , I probably will not consider going there again in the future. There are hotels with similar prices at better locations .

we stayed for 6 nights at the newton inn and found it to be a good value place to stay. The rooms were strange in that they had a kitchenett but no cups , plates or cooking facilities were provided , so I do n't see the point .

we stayed here for 10 days in Jan/Feb 07 and were pleasantly surprised .

