good impression when I first arrived the hotel. Rooms are clean which is good. But like the others mention , bathroom shower is kinda small. Anyway , stayed here for 2 nights and it 's pretty decent. No bed bugs. Staff are friendly and speaks good English .

we stayed at the Newton Kowloon for 3 nights while visiting relatives in HK. The hotel is located in the north side of Kowloon , just south of Boundary Street. It is about a 5 minute walk to the Prince Edward MTR station. From there , you can go anywhere in HK or Kowloon. It is also close to Nathan Road which has tons of restaurants and shopping. Also within 5 minutes is the Fa Yuen Street market where you can pick up clothing , toys , accessories , and jewelry at low prices. Bargin if you can ! Check-in and check-out were efficient. The staff are friendly , helpful , and speak English. Our room had 2 twin beds hard by my standards , but OK . Rooms are small and there is not much room to walk around , but it had a TV , lounge chair and a bay window seat which was convenient to store 3 suitcases while still enjoying the view. The bathroom is basic and tiny and can only fit one person at a time. It smelled a bit musty , but it was clean. The soap dispenser in the shower did not work well and no shampoo bottles were in the bathroom. Towels are on the thin side , but overall - the room and bathroom worked for us and our stay was comfortable. There is a restaurant in the hotel , but we did not eat there. You also have to pay for internet use. If you want a decent place to stay in Kowloon , this is a good choice .

as most people reviewed , the location of this hotel is not on the busy street on Nathan , yet two blocks away from the Prince Edward MTR station. Room size is okay...very clean. We got a street view room , which was facing the recreation center. Across the street there 's a recreation center if you need to run or play basketball. We stayed there for 7 days and no complaints about it. Will definitely stay here again .

my husband &amp ; I just returned from a 6 nights stay here. We got a great airline-hotel package with 5 nights stay but we paid $ 74 for an extra night .

stayed in Newton Kowloon for a week. The room 's pretty small - but not as small as the one I stayed in in Tokyo. Quite clean , clean towels provided daily .

the Newton Kowloon is in an excellent location for using the subways and has many good restaraunts in the neighborhood .

this hotel was clean and the rooms a reasonable size. Nice view over the sports field. We liked the location , easy access to the rest of the city from Prince Edward MTR. Popular seafood restaurant in the basement .

customer service was aweful , the staff did not try to help us at all. We reserved a room through the internet , and when we got to the hotel for check in , the hotel would not give us a room due to &quot ; certain restrictions&quot ; that were not mentioned AT ALL on the internet. We were on a business trip and time was vital and yet the staff had us waited for more than 1 hour in the lobby , and did not show a helping , customer-first attitude to resolve the problem. I will not recommend any of my friends , colleagues , or anyone to stay in the Newton Hotel Kowloon .

stayed at Newton Kowloon for 4 nights with my husband note : I am from HK . We got a room high up , facing the sport field - Excellent view. Note - noise problem in HK hotels was never an issue for me since EVERY hotel has central AC on , and the windows are always double pane. But my hubby was really happy with the view. Location is EXCELLENT ! ! 5-7 min to MTR station. Restaurants nearby. Yes , it is in the middle of the road , but as mentioned before , it is conviently located and noise was NOT an issue. Room was nice , looks more like a &quot ; hotel&quot ; then a &quot ; motel&quot ; , no &quot ; run-down&quot ; feeling at all though is &quot ; 3 star&quot ; . We only hope that the room is a little bit bigger , ours has a double queen bed , which we learned , next time , get a 2 separate beds bedroom to have more space to lay things out and move around. In general , recommended for the price and the value. Paid about 550 HKD for 1 night. and Yes , we plan to stay there again for our next trip If my target hotel - longham in MongKok does not have a special then , we will stay at Newton again .

we stayed at Kowloon Newton for 5 nights in May 2007. No big complaints except that the bed were a little too firm. And they did n't have a Queen , only 2 twins. We requested a higher floor 12th

hello Folks , Not much to complain about w this middle of the road hotel , found the location to be very nice for early morning walks , close proximity to flower market...the staff are ok nothing to write home about , taxi fare from here to Central HK about $ 72 which is cheap....our room was fair size about 9 X 14 , bathroom is not big enough for two people...room service very efficient in making room up w fresh towels , fridge in room , flat screen TV had terrible english language channels , news all the time...baaa

i just wanted to provide a quick review since there are no other comments on this hotel .

