stayed here for a night and the service of some of the staff excellent. The porters , doormen very helpful . Reception check in was a tad on the slow side and a bit of an effort to get done but eventually managed to get everything done .

having read a bit about this hotel before we left , we were n't expecting too much , but had thought it would be OK for a short stay. In fact , we were very pleasantly surprised. We asked for a non-smoking room , and were allocated a room on an 'Executive floor ' although we had not requested any upgrade. The room was well appointed , and was very clean and comfortable. It was n't over large , but I had n't expected that in Hong Kong , and it was certainly large enough ; it did also have an excellent view over the harbour. The service at the desk was good and friendly. Breakfast was a wide choice from a buffet of European and Chinese dishes , in a well-appointed dining room. The location was very convenient , just around the corner from the underground , and 5 stops from Hong Kong Central. As we did n't have long in the City and wanted to see as much as possible this was important. The airport bus also stopped outside the same underground station , which made getting back there very easy .

we would NEVER stay at this hotel EVER AGAIN - with so many great choices in Hong Kong , this hotel is a locals/Chinese place and not suited for foreign travelers.. .

stayed here on stop over during the Rugby 7 's. Staff helpful , even though some did struggle a bit with their english .

the location is only a minute from the nearest subway station which is exceptional. It â € ™ s very easy to walk past this hotel with its unassuming entrances. The reception staff gave a warm and friendly service and I was provided with an executive room on the 17th floor. The lifts aren â € ™ t up to much as they are very slow , not good if you are staying that high up .

front desk on check-in were very cold. I did not get the double bed I requested and my request was months ago. I ended up with hard single beds. The room was ok and I am not sure why others complained about the room .

i did n't choose to stay at this hotel by choice , my client from hong kong chose this for it 's location to their company.. which is fine for me .

after reading the september review i wasnt really looking forward to staying here , but as we were only here for 2 nights and a day i wouldnt worry about it. I think the hotel has been given a makeover since this review although the room was very small it was very clean. The swimming pool is on the top floor it looked ok although we didnt use it. On the down side the breakfast wasnt very good not really a lot of choice. the staff were very polite and friendly. Take the mtr to central then take a 15 bus to victoria peak its amazing , the views over hong kong are brilliant. round by the hotel there are lots of local shops , the bigger shopping malls are more central. Good taxi service to and from the airport and reasonably priced .

staff were courteous and helpful although only a few had a good grasp of English. The beds are hard and it seems that the rooms for three people have an extra , smaller , bed slipped in into a quite small room. We had no problems at breakfast. The swimming pool on the roof was very pleasant and the hotel is very close to a MTR station .

i am a Hong Konger. I picked this hotel for its location. But the room was terrible. Basic , everything is functional but you do n't feel like staying in there. The room is extremely small even for Hong Kong standard. Very dirty , small old TV. Small bathroom , with plumbing problem. Even you only want to use it to show and sleep , fine. Do not expect too much. You will be disappointed .

i stayed here for two nights and found this hotel to suit my needs very well. It was the right price range for someone like myself travelling on a budget , the room was fine , and the hotel is in a decent location. Being only a short stay in Hong Kong , I needed to be able to get around the city easily so I had time to see the best sights. On arrival at the airport , I purchased an 'Airport Express Travel Pass ' for 300HKD. This card permitted me 2 airport express journeys and 3 days of unlimited travel on the Island , Tsuen Wan , Kwun Tong , Tseung Kwan , Tung Chung and Disneyland Resort lines on the Hong Kong MTR. The Newton Hotel is approximately a 2minute walk from Fortress Hill station on the island line , which you can connect with at Central station after getting the airport express train. When you exit Fortress Hill station , take the first pedestrian crossing to you 're left. Head straight down this road past Mcdonalds and Electric Road is the next block across. When you reach Electric Road , turn right and the Newton Hotel is a few yards away. While I was there some construction work was taking place at the hotel , but this did n't affect my stay , the staff were friendly , and overall I had a more than satisfactory stay here .

we have stayed in North Point at the City Gardens Hotel and the Ibis - both preferable to this hotel. We changed rooms twice before we had an acceptable room. Beds were very hard and small , as in all Hong Kong Hotels with very little hanging space. But the shower was good. Staff were not very helpful. But to be fair did deal with complaints efficiently. We did end up with a harbour view room which in a little way compensated for the very sparse furnishings in the room. The breakfast was awful - foolishly we had booked beakfast for everyone of our 12 days stay. There was very little choice of food and on many occasions would run out - when requested the food to be replenished - it took a very long time and was of such poor quality it was not worth the wait. Would recommend that you forget breakfast and go over the road to Starbucks. , or one of the many coffee shops around. Lots of Chinese eating houses also if you want the real Hong Kong experience. Much more friendly , cheaper and more palateable. On the plus side Hotel is well placed to get around Hong Kong very close to MTR station at Fortress Hill and buses and trams to everywhere. Give the swimming pool a miss - not worth the lift ride to the top of the hotel - not very clean and looking very dated. The hotel is undergoing a refurbishment at the moment but the rooms although clean are still looking tired. Certainly restaurant and other publis rooms look very tatty. But if you are on a budget and only need a bed for a few nights then the location is good. Worth walking into North Point to see the shops and market areas. Much more like the real Hong Kong than Causeway Bay and Central. Take a tram to Happy Valley to see the races. Or go in the opposite direction and see what you can find. Great experiences out there. Hong Kong is very easy to get around and buses regularly will take you to Repulse Bay and Stanley Market and give you a tour of the island at the same time .

well lets start with the one Positive ; NEVER NEVER NEVER AGAIN will we stay at this Hotel. Tenko would have been pure Luxury compared with this DUMP ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! .

not bad for a fairly budget priced hotel , handily located for the MTR.In places a little bit tired , but fine as a base for your trip , the room I was in was very small , but clean &amp ; functional , do n't bother with breakfast here , as it 's extra &amp ; rubbish ! ! ! .

this hotel was very centrally located near a underground station. The rooms were nice and clean but very very small. The lobby was in need of some renovation but the staff were very helpful .

although the hotel is a bit shabby , the location is good and the views from the pool are excellent. Found the lift a bit scary although overall the hotel was good value for my budget not much

stayed for 3 weeks and the hotel was in a handy location to travel around HK. Staff were polite and helpful , but the hotel was in dire need of a thorough spring clean. The carpets were stained along with the upholstered furniture .

i recently stayed for four nights at the Newton Hotel on a package tour to the annual Hong Kong rugby 7s tournament .

lived in this hotel for 2 nights on 10-12Dec 2005. The room I had was extremely small plus the baby crib that I need for my baby. Location is about 10 minutes walking distance from Causeway Bay so not too bad if your main purpose is to go shopping the whole day and come back to the hotel at night only .

this medium grade hotel in the North Point area of HK Island is now very popular with mainland Chinese tour groups and if you want to make a reservation do so early as it 's often booked to capacity. Overall my opinion is that this hotel provides very good value for money for Hong Kong , particularly good if you want to stay in HK for more than just a few days. Rooms are on the small side , about the size of a UK Travelodge and some of the rooms on some floors could do with a little sprucing up but are generally comfortable and almost all rooms enjoy an excellent view across Victoria Harbour. This may change , plans to build on the vacant ex-govt land opposite the hotel were recently rejected but knowing HK it 's probably inevitable that eventually the land will be built on and the wonderful view lost. The breakfast buffet has a choice of western or asian hot and cold food although a bit pricey at HKD102 you can often get breakfast cheaper by purchasing in advance on the Internet at the time of booking accommodation . There are lunch and dinner buffets in the recently refurbished Flamingo restaurant. These tend to be on a mainly asian theme. At the time of my visit the lunch buffet was HKD55 on weekdays , HKD78 at weekends plus 10 % service charge and dinner HKD138 any night plus 10 % . The hotel has a separate Chinese Restaurant , the Hong Kong Old Restaurant in the basement , open evenings only , which attracts a lot of non-residents and is reputedly I 've never tried it one of the finest in Hong Kong for spicy Sichuan and Shanghaiese Chinese dishes. Around the hotel a number of cafes and restaurants have sprung up. There 's a rather pricey Italian restaurant across the road under the AIA Tower but if you crave for more reasonably priced Western food and Western music to match try the excellent cosy little Greenery Tea House just up Kings Road by the footbridge on the ground floor of Princess Mansion. There are plenty of fast food restaurants close by , Macdonalds , Maxims , Starbucks .

we , my 2 kids and husband stayed here Boxing night 2004,ok it was not 5 * deluxe but it was clean and did look exactly the same as the rooms advertised.We had a twin and a double room , which was fine for us.Personally after living in Hong Kong for 2 years many years ago I was extremely surprised NOT to see a cockroach ! Its a cheap hotel for a stopover and the staff,who were all quite young , were very polite and helpful. I did n't go much on the breakfast , like the kids I just had cereal , but the tea and juice was ok and it was included in our price. However if breakfast is not included theres a Macdonalds nearby or MTR literally 1 min away do you could do breakfast in Central or on your way out ! Nothing takes long to get to and you can have a cuppa tea/coffee in your room to wake up first .

stayed November 2004. Hotel is surrounded by chinese shops and cafes , none of them speaking much english , the menus are in chinese. The only place to get breakfast close by would be a McDonalds , Starbucks or a cafe 5 min walk away which served oat meal and toast which was cheaper and more palletable .

dont do it...........unless the place has been totally refurbished..........we stopped there for 3 nights on our way to australia in september 2004..........i was knackered from the flight from the uk , was looking forward to a kip in my room , but was totally disappointed with the rooms they had given us , on entering the hotel there was a disctinct smell of damp , which just got worse when we got out of the lift on our floor , the carpets had huge staining on them , and the rooms were pokey , the bases on all the beds were stained , i insisted on being moved to another room , the staff , who were very friendly , did oblige , the next room was not much better , but i was too tired to argue the toss. The first night there , my hubby and son went out of the hotel for a few drinks , my daughter and i went to bed , but were woken by the hotels fire alarm going off after midnight , i was terrified as we were on the 16th floor , i called the operator to see what the problem was , but he spoke broken english , and said &quot ; no fire&quot ; , we settled down to sleep again only for the alarm to go off again. The staff were nice , and the location good , but i would advise anyone to check this place out before booking , coz the rooms do not look like the pictures on display .

i chose the hotel because of its excellent facilities , particularly the rooftop swimming pool. As a lone traveller I also wanted to be able to use the hotel â € ™ s restaurant rather than go out at night .

our 5 days stay in Hongkong was truly a memorable experience. Staying at the Newton Hotel Hong Kong made our trip even more wonderful. The many young staff are very professional and accomodating. The rooms are smaller than I expected but it was very nice and clean. The food at the Flamingo Restaurant is excellent and the lunch buffet very affordable. The hotel location is just a minute away from the subway so efficient and other major transportation. There 's a McDonalds and a 7-11 just across the street and many small stores along Electric road selling fruits , &amp ; a variety of nuts and other produce. The vendors , however are not well versed in English but one store we went to have a poster of the fruits in English &amp ; Chinese .

