a relatively new hotel , located pretty well , easy walk to Jordan MRT Station. There are plenty of local shops to fill the most ardent shoppers wishes , and its an easy walk to Tsim Sha Tsui area for more shops. The rooms are typical HK - small , but they are well appointed , clean , tidy and have Wifi. The staff , particularly the ones you need to know things Concierge are helpful and friendly. Only one in-house restaurant , but as there are countless places to eat outside , why bother with it. Breakfast selection could be better for those wanting an Asian menu but for Westerners its ok. Cant really fault this hotel too much , would be ideal for business , but as the rooms are small , a family would require more than one. Adjoining rooms are available .

i just came back from Hongkong with my husband , 2 young kids , aged 6 and 10. We stayed from Dec 18th - Dec 21st at the Novotel Nathan Road. I booked the hotel by calling the hotel directly and asked for an extra bed since there were 4 of us sharing in one room. The hotel provided us with an extra bed with no extra charge which was a great deal. We did n't choose the price that came with breakfast package , so can not comment on that. The hotel is very clean , and modern. The room is small and so is the bathroom. But we do n't mind since we only came back to hotel for sleep. The location is good , close to everything : McD 24 hours , Starbuck which already opens at 7am and other restaurants. At one time , my kids wanted to drink chocolate milk. Rather than ordering it through room service , we just went to nextdoor store to get it. So it 's really convenient. However , the staff was not really helpful. We wanted to take the airport express but was not sure since we brought a lot of luggages. We asked if this is possible , and if there 's an elevator service at the Express Airport Service in Kowloon so we did not have to carry all the luggages. He said he did not know and did not bother to check/call or ask someone else who might know. Overall , the hotel is good. But next time if I stay in HongKong , I would like to try and stay at the Eaton Hotel. It 's also in the same vicinity as Novotel , but the hotel is a pick up location for the free Airport Express shuttle service , so it 's convenient. At the time when we were there , there was a family promotion for airport express service which cost HK $ 225. We took the taxi from Novotel to airport and it cost HK $ 320 .

will definitely choose this hotel on our next visit .

this is the second time of the year that we are staying in this hotel. everything was excellent especially the staff even the staff who was cleaning our floor 5th very friendly. we feel really at home in this hotel and will come back again if we are going hong kong. the free internet service in the lobby was good too .

we are a couple from Finland and just spent 8 nigths in this hotel : good location , friendly staff , 14th floor worth staying : own reception and breakfast facilities light but sufficient etc on the 15th floor .

just returned from a seven night stay at Novotel Nathan Road. Superb spacious , modern and very equipped rooms , fantastic location , combined with excellent service .

stayed 2 nights in an executive room with &quot ; lounge access&quot ; . Room was great , albeit not large but modern , clean and comfy. The big shower was great only gripe no fan so it got quite hot in the bathroom , but then most hotels do n't seem to have them these days for some reason.Location of hotel was excellent as it was right on Nathan Road and so close to Temple Street Market and so close to Jordan station .

we 've just spent 10 days on the Premier level 15th floor and could n't fault the service , cleanliness , location , the room or the value. The Premier level costs a little more but included is a light breakfast served in a cheerful lounge area , afternoon tea , cocktails , and on-floor concierge service. Plus it is quiet even though the hotel is located on Nathan Road. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff .

welcoming friendly staff and well appointed guest rooms - and a great value for money price - giving us a great four night stay at this Novotel Hotel in Hong Kong .

this hotel has a lot going for it and the only drawback as with most hotels in Hong Kong is the room size. If you spend a lot of time in your room you would be disappointed but hell who wants to waste time in their room when your on vacation. If the small room size does n't worry you you will be ecstatic with the location as it is near the Jordan MTR and two blocks from the night markets. There is an abundance of low cost eating houses in the area and some fantastic reflexology outlets offering foot massage for very little money. Staff in the hotel were extremely efficient and courteous and the cleanliness of the rooms was impeccable. A great hotel for the money .

it was our first trip to Hong Kong and we stayed here for 4 nights .

this hotel has an excellent location both for sightseeing and for business visitors. Located in a side street of bustling Nathan Road , the subway station is very close , and it 's also very easy to arrange a taxi on short notice with the friendly staff. By Hong Kong means , the rooms are rather big and have a nice big TV to boot , and the hotel has friendly prices .

this Novotel is well located in a shopping aerea of kowloon .

booked online in this hotel with a promo , stayed with my mom and brother , near in night market area , good location

stayed one night in Hongkong. Came the hotel directly from airport. Easy to find shuttle bus in the arrival terminal. Cost is about HK $ 130 and it takes about 30 minutes to reach the hotel. Main entrance of the hotel is located in an adjacent street to the busy Nathan Road. Very friendly staff and helpfull with taxi. Modern facilities. View from my room was not so nice but being in HK , it 's normal. Internet worked fine in the room. Have a nice bar/piano bar I did n't try but looked cosy .

we stayed here for five nights in a an Executive Premier Floor Room. I would HIGHLY recommend this style of room to anyone - even with a child. Our room was on the top floor , had our own reception area , computers and free internet use in our reception area , free afternoon tea and Happy Hour .

stayed for 2 nights at the end of August and I was really pleasently surprised by the Novotel Nathan Road Hotel. The hotel was modern , well appointed and the rooms were a comfortable size. Did not have breakfast at the hotel but many places to eat just within walking distance from the hotel. Jordan MTR stop a one minute walk and Nathan Road only 50m away. No free internet in the room but some computers in the lobby for guest use free of charge . A nice place to stay in HK .

went to Hong Kong with 3 girlfriends for non stop shopping and WOW what a hectic 6 days we had. We arrived at the hotel and checking in was prompt and the staff very efficient. We were given rooms on the 12th floor , we caught the lift up and was hit by the smell of cigarette smoke. Went back down to reception and without any trouble at all they moved us to the 10th floor .

fantastic location on Nathan Road , 5 mins walk from Temple Street Market , loads of cheap restaurants and Jordan MTR station. The airport bus A21 drops off directly in front of the hotel. Despite the central location we had abolutely no problems with noise of any kind .

stayed here for one night on route to Phuket and got a reasonable rate. Paid extra for executive/VIP room which was probably better as breakfast was included , and it was on the 15th floor , however I would have rather paid a bit more and got a decent view. I am not too keen on overlooking a tenement block but as it was only the one night I was n't looking at it for too long .

stayed on 14th floor &quot ; Premier Suites&quot ; for three nights. Rooms were fantastic , king beds , decor new and modern , airconditioned and extremely clean and well serviced. All staff were efficient and friendly. Our breakfasts , happy hour 2 hours incl. food , afternoon teas from 3-5 daily , plus free internet access were complimentary and delicious. Would totally recommend Novotel Nathan Road Kowloon , and can not wait to return .

staying here for 4 nights and 5 days with friends in connecting rooms was fun and somewhat convenient. Just 3 small blocks from the Jordan MTR station , Novotel Nathan Road was an cool and memorable experience. Small rooms but nicely laid out with practical gadgets and items. Room service was great and service was quick , efficient and personalized. A special kudos goes to Housekeeping for keeping both rooms tidy everyday and adjusted to our personal taste my friend re-positioned his King Sized bed to his liking , so housekeeping took note of it and maintained it that way for him . Two MTR stops away from Mong Kok and 3 from Central , this hotel would be affordable and convenient for anyone who 'd like to spend a shopping week in Hong Kong .

stayed 8 nights at Novotel Nathan Road. Very polite and friendly staff in a lovely and clean hotel. We stayed in Premier room and enjoyed some of the extra entitlements that come with Premier club- comp water daily,evening cocktails etc. Buffet Breakfast also enjoyable. Affordable value. Thank you to all the staff at this hotel especially Anne for a wonderful customer experience .

had a fantastic three night stay in the Novotel Nathan Road. After five weeks of travelling around Europe staying in hostels and cheaper hotels , this was a very welcome change !

just got back from a trip in hongkong with my wife and two kids. .

this hotel is an oasis from the hustle and bustle of Nathan road. It is in pristine condition and spotlessly clean. The staff were excellent and nothing was too much trouble. The location is very good as it is near to the Temple street night market and close to Jordan tube station. From the tube station you can easily get to any destination. If you prefer to use buses , lots of them leave from Nathan Road. We had a lovely stay here and would choose to stay again .

stayed here in August 09 .

we found this hotel to be clean and staff was very helpful .

very clean and nice room with view of the street below. Very nice staff that could not do enough for you. Fridge not very cold was the only downside. If you left your shoes outside the door they cleaned them for free .

we managed to book 1 standard room and 1 superior room during their 3 days Asia sale at S $ 100 and S $ 125 per night respectively. Generally the difference between the standard and superior were : standard had bathtub , superior did n't. Superior had 3 complimentary water , higher floor , free bedroom sleepers. Other than that , the size and room were the same. Each room comes with a single sofa seat .

we stayed here from 19 to 21 June 2009. I booked directly through the hotel 's website for about 100GSD per night. A week our arrival , we were invited to upgrade our room to the Executive Floor for an extra 50 SGD , with daily breakfast and afternoon tea/snacks. Of course , we did !

i booked this hotel through Visit Hongkong via Cathay Pacific. Location is good , right in the center of everything and Nathan Road. 711 store across , Wing On store innthe other side where you can find fashonable clothes at good price , money exchange center just down and good food centers nearby. Around 8 minutes walk to MTR station Jordan though but just fine .

my hubby surprised me with a trip to Hong Kong for 5 days/4nights. for my birthday. He got a great deal with this hotel. Let me first just say the location of this hotel is perfect , right in the middle of Nathan Road. So either way up or down the road is great. A short walk to the Temple road night market which is huge as there is 2 parts to it. Also the Ladies Market , during the day which was about a 15 minute walk from the hotel .

this is a relatively new hotel , which is modern looking and clean. Unlike other hotels which have a lingering cigarette smoke smell , this hotel does n't. Location is good , near the Jordan MTR , some nice eateries. Staff are friendly and the hotel has 4 iMacs for guests use. Unfortunately , the time limit is a little short. I liked this hotel so much I even cut short my stay in Macau to return to Hong Kong earlier. I 'd definitely consider this hotel the next time I travel to Hong Kong !

this was a very cool , chic , modern hotel.. just my type. We opted for the Premier upgrade so that we could make use of the Premier Lounge. It offers breakfast , snacks , cocktails... but realized that it was n't worth the extra 275 HK dollars. The breakfast was so-so , the snacks were quite pathetic , and the cocktails ended way too early for cocktails 8 : 30 ? ! ? ! . .

easy to get there by the airport express train &amp ; a 15 minute ride free by bus or a 5 minute ride by cab for less than 5 $

originally booked this property in its previous guise as it was reasonable value for money. We got really lucky and Novotel bought it and spent millions refurbishing. Our booking was honoured which is fantastic .

had an excellent few nights at the Novotel Kowloon. The room on the executive floor was excellent. The bed was comfy and everything was modern and great. Providing the electrical converter was a huge help. For a little bit more exec. floor price , we got breakfast , afternoon tea and cocktails in the evening. We never got around to enjoying afternoon tea , but the other two were pretty good. In the evening , we enjoyed beer , wine , cocktails and some great food , although I noticed that the two times we went they did n't change the menu .

booked 4 nights of stay here via Accor 's 3 day website sales at a very good deal ! We were upgraded to the superior room upon check in and we were delighted ! Love the modern decor of the room , and also the options of choosing the kind of pillows that you like. Bed was comfy as well. The feel of the room was very cosy , clean and comfortable. Oh yes , do remember to put the DO NOT DISTURB sign on , to prevent intrusion of your sleep from the housekeeping ladies who started to call rooms up for housekeeping at 830am ! There 's also a gym for those who are interested in working out , what is lacking is a swimming pool. Location of the hotel is great , just about 5 mins walk from Jordan MTR Exit B. Once again , Novotel has lived up to its name ! I will be back !

have a great stay over here. room was cosy and comfortable and service as good. didnt had a chance to try the buffet lunch at the hotel though. i will definitely stay here again ~ ! will be great if there are more TV channels and if there are disposable comb and shaver provided in the hotel room. .

the hotel really lived up to it 's name. Everything is great , friendly staff &amp ; free internet at lobby. : -

cold &amp ; Clinical were my first thoughts on entering the downstairs foyer. The same stark decor followed through to the reception desk on the first floor... lots of white and grey marble , minimalist decor !

booked this hotel when the Accor hotels had their 3 day asia sale. For HKD4XX per night excluding breakfast , it was a steal. This hotel is centrally located. The MRT is less than 10 mins walk from the hotel. The temple street market is just across the road and there is an underground pass. Plenty of restaurants around the area and 7-11 is located just next door .

stayed at this hotel from 14-21 of July. The point I would like to make is the good value of the $ 125HK per person for the upgrade which included a room on the top floors , breakfast was buffet style not as extensive as that downstairs,but certainly enough for most , afternoon tea limited selection of sanwiches.and cake or pudding , tea. Evening cocktails , 5 : 30-8 : 30 , was help yourself style , including wine , spirits , beer and soft drinks. It also included two hot dishes,often tandori chicken and spicy meatballs,dips papadams , beancurd , duck or salmon , nuts. After eating this you probably wo n't want to go out for more. Service was outstanding. Just ask and it is done in a flash , nothing is too much trouble. Location is brilliant as it is away from the really touristy part of the Tsim Sha Tsui area , unless you like the high end shopping culture. This hotel is around the block from the Temple street markets and hundreds of other less pretentious shops. Seven/eleven store across the road and Wing On Department Store across Nathan Rd catered for many of our needs .

we stayed here for 6 nights and could not fault it. It was clean , the staff were friendly. The hotel itself is only 2 blocks from the MTR Jordan station , from there we could get to nearly anywhere .

i stayed at this hotel with my two children 20 and 16 for 2 nights 15/16 of July

this hotel is nicely located in the central area of Kowloon , close to the well-known street market - Lady Market and major shopping areas such as Harbour City. It 's 3 minutes walk from underground station .

we recently stayed at Novotel Citygate a great hotel and this time we wanted to try a Kowloon location. Citygate staff recommend to try our Nathan Road property and I was n't disappointed. My wife I went into the bar and to our suprise we found our favourite pianist/singer Mona from Regal Airport playing here everynight now. To have someone reconised us both by name is very nice and Mona is just a fantastic person not to mention a great pianist/singer. The Novotel was very busy and although they seemed pushed at times were always very friendly and accommodating. Goodbye Regal , these two Novotels will always now have our Hong Kong business now. .

i was amazed at my stay last june 27-29 at this hotel .

novotel NAthan Rd Kowloon near Temple night market. Beware pick pockets

we stayed at Novotel Kowloon from the 20-24 June and we have a really bad experience with the check in. The staff was doing million of thing while looking after us and then we were given a 2 single bedroom instead of 1 king size even though we made our book and paid for it like 1 month ago. While arguing we were told that either that or late check in like 8pm which was inappropriate as we were tired since we set off since 6 : 00 am and was now 4pm .

my husband and I stayed at the Novotel Nathan Road in June for 3 nights. We had a very pleasure stay , the rooms are very tasteful and have a really cosy element. We had a shower room which again was really trendy and comfortable. In previous reviews some people have said the room was too small , but we find it a perfect size.. it suited us brilliant .

located in Jordan , a few seconds walk to Nathan Road. This hotel is great value for money. Clean rooms and nice facilities .

we stayed here for 3 nights on our way back from UK. Staff were very polite and friendly Service was very good. Our room was clean and very nice , it had recently been upgraded. The room was large. We ate at the restaurant , it was ok nothing out of the ordinary. We caught the mtr a few times. easy to use Walking distance to Ladies and Mens markets. We would stay again

booked this hotel as an Advantage Plus member for our 7 day stay in Hong Kong. The hotel is easily reached from the airport by a public airport bus no.21 at HK $ 33 one way but be prepared that the bus takes about 1 hour to get to the bus stop no.10 Nathan Hotel and then it 's about a 1 minute wall to the hotel entrance to hotel is located on Saigon Street .

this hotel is fine for a stay in Hong Kong. My girlfriend and I stayed two nights as a short visit on the way to the UK. We stayed on the premier floor for a small fee which upgrades you to the highest floor and you can then have breakfast , afternoon tea and free alcohol in the evening. - you also get free internet on this floor whereas you would have to pay for it otherwise .

we stayed here for one week on holiday ; we were very pleased as it was great value for money. Very close to the night market , the hotel was on Nathan Road but away from the noise. There was a good selection for breakfast .

the approach to the hotel is misguiding , but the hotel itself is a good surprise. its in a bylane just across the temple street market.not shady,good location. right next to it there 's a 7-11 store.the jordan mrt station is about 2 blocks away , a 3-4 min walk.very much in the city but also away from the madness of tsim tsa shui,which is just the next station.hotel is very good , but always ask for higher floors.i was on the 7th floor , too close to other residences nearby. need to keep the curtains drawn all the time.a friend on the 13th floor was better off.bathroom and room very modern and new. loved the interiors. the reception restaurant and bar on the first floor are good.there 's free internet access for residents for 20 mins. each day.all in all a lovely experience and value for money.the staff is very co-operative.needed a late check-out. not once did they hurry me up .

we were in Hong Kong for 2 days on vacation and I booked Novotel based on tripdvisor reviews .

i would highly recommend this hotel !

whilst not in the 'swanky-ist ' part of Nathan Rd and Kawloon , this hotel was really good value for money and does n't cost the same as the ritzy hotels up the other end either. The location so close to Jordon MTR just made it so accessible as well. Good modern rooms .

plus - Helpful conceirge helped us with our baggage from the street level to our rooms. Lobby is at 2nd level and was very lovely and trendy. Check in took a while but checking out was speedy. Was given a connecting room as per requested Room 719/720 . The corner room 720 was smaller and had no bath tub. Both rooms were lovely decorated despite the small size - we didnt mind at all. The nice beds , flat screen TV , ample TV selections , Ala-Carte Pillow selection , sofa bed and movable writing desk , complimentary newspapers. Rooms had steam iron , ironing board and safe. Rooms exhibited sleek and trendy ambience , accompanied by the nice lightings. Toiletries were also colourfully filled in &quot ; test tube&quot ; like bottles. Best of all was the complimentary ice-maker on every floor which we can take free ice for parties. Lifts and lift lobby was huge and the entire hotel is newly renovated. Location was a 5 min underpass walk away from Temple Street and the A21 bus stops right at the hotel at Nathan Road. Handful of eateries around. Wing On Department store just opposite. 5 min walk away from Jordan MTR Station. Service was ok .

stayed at the Novotel for 6 nights at the end of April 2009 in an Executive room , we were able to check into the room at 9am , which was fantastic , the room was great , the staff all very friendly and helpful , the extra 's that you get , breakfast , afternoon tea and a 3hour cocktail session with free hot snacks was really good .

stayed 4 nights at the premier floor inclusive of breakfast , afternoon snacks , cocktails and internet. Not really worth the money. Breakfast out of the hotel was better and cheaper. Afternoon snacks were quite lousy , some pastry and simple ham-cheese sandwiches. Cocktails were surprisingly good , compared to the breakfast and afternoon snacks. Don â € ™ t expect the hotel to serve any dim sum during these meals. The only dim sum I had was a bun during breakfast , which was a far cry from what I expect in HK .

we stayed here for 3 nights before going to the Parklane husband had business meeting to attend thus work paid for Parklane . We chose the Novotel because they had a great Asia Sale when I was looking at booking our hotel , we paid $ 550HK and then paid another $ 250HK to upgrade to a premier room. We stayed our last 2 nights at the Novotel Citygate .

stayed here during the labour day holidays for 3 nites. Booked from the Accor Sales very cheap weekdays cost about 4xx hkd a nite ! Location is superb ! only 5 minutes to Jordan MTR and u can use subway to pass nathan road and get to temple street .

we were lucky to get a very good rate for this hotel in the sale. I must say I was very pleased with my stay here. The hotel is run very efficiently , although you will not get a very personalised service-typical of chain hotels though .

overall the hotel was great. Nice and clean , the staff were friendly. I managed to get the room at a great rate with the Novotel Asian sale at the beginning of the year. Location was evreything I could have asked for and more. Very handy to the Night Markets and a pleasant and interesting walk to the Ladies Market , Gold Fish Market and Bird Garden. Buses were literally at the front door and left every 30 seconds or so it seemed .

the Novotel Nathan Road HK is a good 3.5 star hotel in an excellent location for shopping and public transport. We stayed on the club floor which has a small club which seats about 25 people. The rooms are small and clean suitable for 2 guests only. The staff are friendly enough but some seem to have a fixed &quot ; grave yard type of smile&quot ; . I do not recommend the food in the hotel but plenty of other better food nearby.The resident Indian tailor out the front of the Hotel makes a real pest of himself and can be quite rude. Hong Kong was a real let down with terrible smog visability very poor and not good for anyones health. Disneyland really is not up to the standard of other Disneylands around the world very small and very tame rides with a lot of very rude queue jumping mainland chinese which will really spoil your stay. What Disneyland lacks in wild rollercoaster type rides can easily be recitifyed by taking a double decker bus from the top of the summit back to the tram as these bus drivers drive as if they have a death wish. Madam Tussauds lacks the display in London and is very poor value for money. It is impossible to get a real good view of Hong Kong from the Peak because of the smog.The Panda Bears are worth seeing at ocean park. In closing I suggest you give Hong Kong a big miss and travel elsewhere in asia. The best part of Hong Kong is watching the runway lights disappear into the smog on take off .

booked online during the Accor 3 day sales in Feb 09 for a 6 nights stay. For the first 2 nights we did n't get the room with a double bed as we requested. This could be due to our late check-in. Finally got a room with a double bed on the 3rd night .

we stayed here for one night. Overall all it was a pretty good hotel. We have stayed at numerous hotels in Hong Kong. I would say that the room was average size , the location was good about 2 minute walk to MTR . Free internet in lobby for 30 minutes/day. Room was quiet. We have stayed in hotels that were twice as much and definitely not much better. Would stay again .

we were pleasantly surprised with our room at Novotel Nathan. We spent the weekend in Hong Kong during the Labor Day holiday and most of the hotels were booked up. We stayed in another hotel in the same price range and Novotel Nathan beats our previous hotel by a long shot !

booked 3 standard rooms during 1st week of Apr , got it for a good rate during the Accor hotels promo .

the hotel is nicely renovated so everything were new. The design was very zen &amp ; modern. We went for the superior room and was given a room on the higher floor. We did n't hear much noise but there was no view either. My room was actually oppossite a residential apartment. There 's a LCD TV , stand in shower and nice amenities. The room is small common for HK hotels so if you have more than 3 adults , i recommend you get a bigger room or go to another hotel. There is a 7-11 just opposite the hotel - you can pick up magazines , drinks etc easily. I did n't have any meals at the hotel as there are nice cafes and a dessert stall just opposite the hotel. I requested for a late checkout and the reception was very accomodating. A 5 mins walk to the Jordan MTR. Cons : we took the airport express train we hop onto the Tsuen Wan train at Central MTR and it was challenging trip to the hotel. There was no lift to the street level - you have to carry your luggage up the stairs and down the stairs. So i suggest you either take a cab or take the airport bus. There is n't much shopping around the hotel area too. You have venture out to Mong Kok or TST or Central etc. Other than this , it is a nice hotel &amp ; i wo n't mind visiting it again .

stayed for 4 nights at this hotel in early Apr on the 14th floor the highest floor is 15th .

others have written that the rooms are small , but I disagree. By HK standards , the size is very comfortable. I had a twin room 2 beds , which fits 2 adults nicely. The beds are placed close to each other with a small gap in the middle. There 's enough space for luggage and we certainly do n't feel squeezed into a box like other HK hotels I 've heard of .

was very impressed the first time I stayed in this hotel last summer but disppointed by the last stay last month especially about the service.... actually inexistant !

the hotel was renovated not too long ago,so everything was quite new. The room had no weird smell and very clean. The bathroom was small but very clean. King size bed was good not too hard. The subway station was only a few minutes away and only took 20 minutes to talk to the Star Ferry pier , or you could just take the bus which stopped almost in front of the hotel. The hotel also gave 20 minutes per day free Internet access , enough for me to check email and look up some travel info. service was so so , but I really did n't deal with them except check in and check out. Tried the breakfast buffet for the first couple of days , for $ 150 HKD , was n't really worth it for me. For what I paid overall it was good value I would go back .

my partner and I have just returned from a 4 day trip to Hong Kong. After much searching on the internet for hotels in Hong Kong before we left , we discovered the Novotel Nathan Road Hotel through TripAdvisor. I am so glad we did , we were up on a high floor and although the view is not much to see , mainly rooftops , it was a sanctuary for us away from the hustle and bustle of Nathan Road. This hotel is very modern with very nice rooms , built in LCD TV , modern furnishings and a nice bathroom. The rest of the hotel is just as nice , very spacious lobby with Internet access , bar and restaurant. We checked in very late at night and found the staff to be really friendly and happy. As for location , this hotel is right on Nathan Road which is in itself a great bonus. We walked everywhere but buses run right past the door and train stations are not far away. The Temple Street Night Markets are a stones throw from the hotel and the Star Ferry Wharf and harbour are about a 15 minute walk. This hotel is not really family friendly in the sense that the rooms are not enormous although I believe much larger than typical Hong Kong hotel rooms and there are little if any activities for children but for us it was ideal .

this hotel is on Nathan Road , the main strip in downtown Kowloon , and is in a great location. It is 5 minutes to Temple St night market , close to Mongkok &amp ; Yau Ma Tei where goods and food are cheaper than the main tourist area of Tsim Sha Tsui. The MTR metro train station of Jordon is just acound the corner , and the bus stop is right outside the hotel in Nathan road. To get to the Star Ferry terminal which will take you across Hong Kong harbour to the main Island , you can walk or take a 10 minute bus ride. Walking will give you insite into the wide varierty of shops and restaurants which are open to 11pm in the evening .

we stayed in Novotel from March 7-8 then checked out for our trip to macau on March 9-10 then came back for an overnight stay on March 10-11.With this shuttling back and forth from the hotel we never encountered any problems with the service of the staff specially when we had to check in and out of the hotel that often. The rooms sizes were not that big but enough for 2-3 person and their quite new or they just know how to maintain it that well. The location is centrally located specially if your travelling with two senior citizens. Its near an mtr , shops and restaurants so a regular tourist wo n't have a hard time getting around. And if ever you get hungry at night you can just cross the street and a 7-11 is just there. All in all i guess my stay with novotel is one of the best stay i had in hongkong and i would n't mind staying with them again .

we have just returned from the Novotel Nathan Road after 7 nights and are happy with our stay. The hotel is in a great location with Jordan MTR station only a quick walk away .

the Novotel Nathan Road was fantastic ! The rooms are clean and modern. I loved it even when it was the old Majestic and when I found out it had renovated and changed name to Novotel and didnt hesitate to book it. The hotel is close to shops and food outlets and only a short walk to the MTR. I travel to HK 3 times a year and have tried most of the hotels in the TST and Jordan precint. So far the Novotel is number 1 on my list. I will definetly stay there again on my next trip. Only complaint was I requested for a non smoking room but nothing was available during the peak season. Instead they gave me a smoking room and upgraded me to the executive floor. Luckliy the room didnt smell of cigarettes. Overall it was a great stay !

wow Hong Kong was fantastic we arrived on the 1st of January 09 from 6 nights in singapore. We had only 2 hours sleep the night before because of a noisy hotel in singapore on New Years Eve. Novotel nathan road was very very clean but very very small do not put 3 people including kids in one room you will be sorry , I am very fussy where I stay but I would be back there in a heart beat. We stayed in a premier floor room on the 15th floor no need to pay for premier floor my son stayed on the 12 floor in a superior room , all the rooms are the same it is just that you get breaky in a special room on the 15th , we ate breaky on floor 1 in the cafe instead because you have more variety than upstairs , the only extra you get is broadband for free and afternoon tea which is not worth it. This hotel is in the heart of it all and close by are all the markets. We are Accor advantage members and they fell over backwards for us. We were very very comfortable even though the bathroom was the size of a broom cupboard no joke but dont let that turn you off... Top Hotel .

my wife and I travel to Hong Kong once every 2 to 3 year for vacation but most of the time we stayed at relatives before we are married .

spent 3 nights at Novotel in Oct. Very central , close to Jordan train station not MTR from Airport ! beeen recently refurbished to a very high standard , rooms small but well furnished.Very close to Nathan Road but upper floors were not noisy at all.No views .

the modern design of all the public areas and rooms is superb. There is 20 minutes free internet access per day via i-macs in the lobby and it costs 30 HK $ for each additional 20 minutes. The room was very compact and if my wife had been with me we 'd have found it too small - but it was fine for one person. Maid service was prompt and comprehensive. I have no criticism of any aspect of this hotel - but after taking breakfast at the Eaton , one short block away , and checking its rates I think the Eaton offers better value. Both the Eaton and the Novotel are close to the Jordan subway stop and Temple Street Night Market - great locations .

after the Novotel took over the old Majestic , we didnt hesitate to try out this property for ourshort visit in Kowloon. Previously we stayed nearer to the heart of TST but those rooms were so tired looking so for the similar price range , we certainly thought the Novotel is a much more attractive option .

  Getting there : An easy 5 minute walk from the MTR station. But you 'd have to have your address handy because there is so much going on at Nathan Rd where you get out of the station that you can get confused easily. Get to the traffic lights and look at the street signs to see which way is the address. The entrance is down a side street few metres only .

the start of our 7 week round the world holiday , family of four 10 and 15 year old kids plus 2 adults. I had numerous emails to staff at this hotel after seeing &quot ; familyrooms&quot ; advertised on the website and we were all looking forward to a stopover in Hong Kong staying in our ? familyroom&quot ; . On arrivalwe checked in went to room to find 2 single beds in a room that was so small. Front desk &quot ; fixed&quot ; our problem at extra cost and gave us adjoining rooms. The 2 rooms were very comfortable but I was extremely dissatisfied with the service I received on booking this hotel as I felt the rooms were totally misrepresented the website did state &quot ; familyrooms&quot ; I have written to hotel and they have rectified the website .

i stayed at the Novotel Hong Kong in August 2008 and the hotel itself was fantastic , all the rooms have recently been renovated and the beds were super comfy , the bathroom was great although sometimes the water from the shower leaked on the floor which was easily fixed with placing a towel there .

the Novotel in Kowloon would definitely be one of the best hotels to stay in. The location on Nathan Road is fantastic. The hotel is very modern , clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious with marble bathrooms and luxurious amenties to compliment. The have a flat screen cable tv , complimentary tea , coffee and bottle water replenished daily. The also off the use of an adaptor without charge , which I have never seen in other hotels .

first time with Novotel .

stayed at the Nathan Road Hotel for 8 nights while on business/pleasure in Hong Kong. My room was on the 15th floor. The place was clean and quiet. Rooms are a little tight but tolerable. Staff was very helpful. The place is four short blocks from the MTR subway Jordan Station so I was able to make it from the hotel to the Convention Center under 15 minutes not in rush hour .

i stayed 2 nights with my family at Novotel Nathan and had a very nice stay .

we stayed here in June for 2 nights enroute from mainland China to Australia. Booked through Advantage Plus membership so got great rate of $ 715 + tax. The rooms are pretty small but newly done out and really comfortable. No free internet unless you are in an executive room and breakfast was not included burt we get 2 for 1 with our advantage plus card .

we just returned from Hong Kong. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights from 16 May 2008 to 18 May 2008 .

stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. Has only been open 2 weeks , very nice refubishment , $ 22m US was spent .

this hotel was known as Majestic Hotel. It 's newly renovated and just had their grand opening on Mid March 2008. So when I was there for 6 nights in late March , it was a brand new hotel , we still could smell the paint and the new furnitures. It was a pretty good experience there , although we started a little bit rough. It was when our room was n't ready when we checked in although we 'd paid our total bill in advance when we did the booking and it was n't an early check in and we had to wait for 1 hour. But when we looked our room for the first time , we really liked it. It was really modern room , smaller than the impression we got from the hotel 's photo , but it was really pretty. They gave spares of almost everything , from soaps to tissue papers. They even prepared what they called a la carte pillows , meaning you can choose the tenderness of pillows you want. The first morning , we got The South China Post which was very good. However , the next 4 morning , the sent us The Standard which was very thin and it turned out to be free copies. The last morning we got The South China Post again. We thought maybe that morning the hotel could n't find any free newspaper that could save them a little money. Although I dont think giving the guests proper newspaper will cost them a fortune , but saving is saving. Apart from these , the hotel was really nice. The location is just perfect. It 's in the middle of Nathan road where we can find anything. The famous Temple Street Market is just across the road through the subway , and even the subway is literally in front of the hotel door. The Jordan MTR station is just max 3 minutes away. 7Eleven and lot of local restaurants are just across the street. And Starbucks is 1 minutes away. For the money value , it 's just perfect. The hotel is positioned next to Eaton and Nathan Hotel , but it 's cheaper than the 2 neighbours. I 've been to Hong Kong a couple of times , trying a couple of hotels and if I have to choose 2 hotels as my favourite hotels in Hong Kong , this hotel is definitely one of them .

