located very close to the happening place in Hong kong. Lots of night clubs near by and good restaurants .

was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Expected a very basic offering as it was n't all that expensive HKG $ 700 per night but got the works. Located just opposite my office across the street and was walking distance from most of the places you would need to go. A train station was a 5min walk. Causeway bay was a 10 min walk. Plenty of local stores for everything from shopping for furniture or plumbing or the things that Hong Kong is more famous for within a stone 's throwing distance. An Ikea at Causeway bay was quite convenient and I actually walked back !

the foyer initially feels a bit cramped but I got used to it and the bar on the mezz and the dining room on level 1 are terrific - staff really helped with dining booking at Aqua on Kowloon which was sensational. The bedroom was small but very clean and quiet and bathroom was fine. It is well located for work and leisure .

had a meeting to attend and stayed in this hotel with my colleagues. Rooms are ok and views reasonable. Room service was ok. Liked the internet access . Would have preffered a bath tub but not enough size .

my husband and I and our small baby spent one week at this hotel in November and felt completely at home and relaxed in the friendly and warm environment. The staff impressed us by always going the extra mile. The team helped us with everything from pointing us in the right direction of seriously fantastic restaurants , finding us a good doctor when our baby fell ill and somehow managing to locate a humidifier for the room and generally greeting us with a smile every day of our stay. We can not speak more highly of the team at Novotel Wanchai. Our thanks to each of them for making our stay with them a truly enjoyable experience .

we stayed here after years of staying at the Equatorial as the cost of Equatorial was getting ridiculous and do n't regret making the change. The rooms are functional , service is efficient and the location is great ! You can access the MTR and Wanchai Ferry Terminal easily. There is a money changer just across the road with very good rates and long opening hours. We could pick up Wing Wah famous Hong Kong brand for local biscuits , pastries , sausages etc goodies from across the road and check them all in rather than buying them at the airport and hauling them in hand luggage. A Pacific Coffee is just behind the hotel as are little HK eateries for reasonably priced food. When we checked out , we found pay TV charges on our kids room as my son had accidentally played with the remote - since it was on for just a few minutes , they nicely waived the charges and we 're happy for that level of service .

a vibrant hotel with all neccessities for a business traveler with the duty staff ensuring a pleasant stay .

this is a basic , business hotel. Everything works well and the staff are efficient. The rooms are acceptable and small in size. Since I stayed there with my husband and son , I paid HK $ 200 a night for an upgrade to a bigger room on a higher floor that came with free internet access via cable . You can see in the picture that I have attached that the usual rooms are quite small. The upgraded room is awkward in shape but bigger. This HK $ 200 upgrade is really worth it - we appreciated the additional space and the extra bed that came with it .

this is one of the best Novotel I 've ever stayed , for traveler who used to be @ Novotel brand , this hotel is a good location in Hong Kong Island , and the staff are well trained and professional as well as the quality of room such as cleanliness and services .

i was very happy staying at this hotel for 6 nights. Position is excellent being close to the MTR and the ferry that takes you to Kowloon. Rooms are a little small but adequate. Service and value were excellent. I would definitely stay there on my next visit .

located in the mildly seedy area of Wan Chai , this hotel is situated close to subway , Star ferries , home improvement stores and strip clubs. Oh yes , there are some good restaurants near by as well. The hotel is very &quot ; Euro Style&quot ; and chic. The rooms are on the small size unless you upgrade to a suite. Beware of the upsell when you check in , the price they quote is per person , not per night , so it does add up. Upgrading does include wired internet and daily breakfast. Wireless internet is only available for 1 one hour session per day , otherwise you will be charged extra if you go over the hour allotment. The beds are softer then most asian hotels have , but still a little on the hard size , and of course very small. The TV gets lots of english channels , the bathrooms are of good size , but there really is no shower enclosure , so things tend to get wet in parts of the bathroom. In short , the Novotel was a good value in a pretty good location .

going to Hong Kong for the long weekend , we were looking for a good hotel in good location , which would fit our family of 4 - our kids are 3 yrs and 8 months old. We had been to HK before and knew that we would have trouble fitting into the average sized room... but we wanted to avoid spending money on two rooms or a family room. The Novotel Century 's advertising was a bit confusing - on all ads they said they accommodated 2 adults and 2 children , but when we tried to book for that , we would be told that the booking exceeded the number of people. Finally we just said there was only one child and hoped for the best when we turned up .

i recently travelled to China via Hong Kong and stayed at the Novotel Century for a few nights - great service on the executive level - staff were only too happy to assist with any enquiries .

the hotel is in Wanchai on HK Island and is 5-10 minutes taxi ride from the Airport Express Central Station. It is also 5 mins walk from Wanchai subway station. Suzi Wong has long since retired from Wanchai but some of her Filipina and Thai cousins are still dancing in the girly bars there. Nevertheless , these are not all that noticeable these days as a huge number of pubs , restaurants and live music venues catering to expats have now sprung up in Wanchai 's Lockhart and Jaffe Roads. You can easily get into Central or Causeway Bay by cab , subway or tram and it is a great location for business or pleasure , if you prefer to be on Hong Kong side .

my wife and I travel extensively and the staff at Novotel Wanchai exceeded expectations , once again. Their courteous manner and willingness to assist was of the highest order and will ensure that we return again and again. Well done to the staff , as it is your effort that sets this hotel apart ! Many thanks

we were in a bit of a rush when booking this hotel and as a consequence failed to do much research on appropriate hotels. It was OK. Rooms were small and had probably seen better days. The headboard was dirty but rest of room was ok. Bathroom was fairly clean and reasonable size. The public areas were spacious and nice enough. I did n't eat in the hotel but there was a great coffee shop over the road. The highlight of the hotel was the gym and pool which were lovely and suprisingly large for a city centre hotel. One word of warning.... we arrived very tired and very early after a long haul flight. We were desparate to sleep so paid the $ 100 upgrade per night for an executive room. This is not worth the money unless you plan to spend all your holiday in a hotel. The room is no different to any other room , there is no enhanced access to the fitness faciliites. You get an hour access to the internet per day , breakfast , afternoon tea and cocktails. The latter we did n't make use of as we were out and about exploring. The man behind reception claimed that they only way that we could get to bed that morning was to take the upgrade. This could have been the case but it was a high price for 3 hours sleep !

this is a great hotel...stayed 6 nights waiting for visa and doing other groovy things in Hong Kong like Disney with the kids got a good deal-around $ 85AUD cos I am a member of Accor Advantage Plus.. .

stayed for a week at the end of July in a club room. Enjoyed the modern rooms and the monsoon shower. Had lunch at the bar one day and the buffet another and both were excellent. Only spent one night in the club floor lounge , was small but good selection of drinks - the food was ok , nothing overly special. Staff was knowledgable and efficient. Would stay there again .

four of us enjoyed our stay here for 9 nights in Club rooms. Impressed with service and cleanliness .

very easy Hotel to stay in and the location was perfect for where I needed to be. Staff can not do enough to assist you and would absolutely recommend this Hotel for anyone coming to Hong Kong. And Janet at the coffee bar was so good in helping me find my way around each morning .

stayed here for one night and found the room to be tiny , even by HK standards. However , its layout is pretty functional especially if you 're on business which my hubby was. The shower room is also quite small , and the door opens out towards the toilet so there 's not much room to manoeuvre in the bathroom. Still the hotel is clean and the bed is nice and hard providing good back support. The concierge staff were also very helpful. I was moving to stay with a friend and they looked up her address in both the street directory and Internet and wrote out such clear instructions that the taxi driver knew exactly where I wanted to go .

we received outstanding value for money. We experienced friendly , supportive and helpful staff , quality service and great facilities. We upgraded to the Premier floor which provided us with one of the best value extended hotel stays we have ever had. We used the gym twice a day enjoying new quality equipment with a great gym staff. The check in and Premier floor team were brilliant in every respect. Our room was maintained by delightful and helpful housekeepers. Well done Novotel Century staff !

always trusted the god value from Novotels. I was pleasantly surprised when this one did not have the usual Novotel european layout , it has a much better layout .

basic rooms , whilst decent size all seemed basic. Public corridors had dirty carpet edges , basic house keeping. Good fitness centre and pool .

stayed here for four nights on the way back to Australia from Europe. We got a great deal from an Accor sale earlier in the year and so were only paying around Aust $ 80 per night. Undeniably a great price for what is a good Hong Kong hotel. We had two rooms - one standard and one premier. Actually we preferred the standard to the premier. The premier room was tiny and the only difference seemed to be a more modern bathroom. The bed in the premier room was like concrete ! The beds in the standard room were slightly more comfortable. Premier lounge is nice with good views and the wait staff up there were very good. Also the cleaning staff in the hotel were great ! Elsewhere in the hotel service was ordinary. However when I checked in a lovely staff member did bring the girls over some toys to play with and some maps for the adults. We paid for breakfasts in the hotel but to be honest the food was n't that great and if I was to stay there again I probably would eat outside the hotel. The kids loved the hotel pool but its a shame that you ca n't order drinks or snacks around the pool. Its not a particularly welcoming pool area so you should n't plan on spending hours up there. The hotel seems to cater heavily for flight crew. We saw many different airlines ' crews checking in. This is n't a bad thing but it probably gives you an idea of what type of service levels to expect and also explains the pool area surrounds . All in all the stay was adequate but I would n't rush back to this hotel. I think there are better options in Hong Kong BUT given the price we got we really ca n't complain. The location is good - a short walk to the MRT and in the other direction an easy walk to the Star Ferry pier. This was our second trip to Hong Kong and personally I prefer the Kowloon side but that is just personal preference and I know many people who absolutely love HK island. Since I 'm not into high end shoppping I prefer the markets on the Kowloon side but if you are a real shopaholic perhaps the island is for you. Overall the hotel is a solid four star and ticks all the boxes without standing out in any areas except for providing the hardest beds that I have ever slept in ! .

our 3 night stay at the Novotel Century well exceeded our previous experiences with other hotel chains around the world. Right from the very first welcome through to check-out , nothing was a problem and comfort was their priority. We highly recommend this hotel .

stayed in a premier room which was well worth it. The premier lounge had afternoon tea and then cocktails in the evenings , both with little snacks. Fantastic view out of the window. Service throughout the hotel is excellent. Buffet breakfast is great. Buffet for evening meal is OK. If you want to get out a little recommend trying local restaurants in the evening but you might want to have some items written down in cantonese. Good local restaurant underneath the hotel. The sunshine laundry on Lockhart street same block,behind hotel will do a load for $ 36 HK. Wanchai ferry is within walking distance up the covered walkway - some nice coffee shops etc in the shopping centre on the way. Catch buses to Central , Admiralty from Gloucester Road Wanchai Police Station , Immigration tower for Stanley - check out the local web site for buses , very very cheap and quick. MTR a short hop away. Try an evening stroll around Hennessey Road and Causeway. All in all a very good location , comfortable rooms , very quiet , lovely pool &amp ; gym and excellent service .

we have been staying at the Novotel Century in Wanchai for many years more than 10 years and would throughly recommend it to anyone , be it business or leisure. We first stayed there because of its proximity to the Hong Kong Exhibition Centre , but have , but now wouldnt stay anywhere else in Hong Kong. We always book a room on the &quot ; Biz Floor&quot ; level , which gives us access to the lounge for Afternoon Tea , and Cocktails .

service was excellent especially the guest services management and the concierge staff. They were very helpful in regard to their city , especially for planning day trips etc. or just a chat about the days exploits. Great staff .

i stayed at Novotel Century for 2 days while waiting for my flight back to Fiji..I wil start by saying that I had an executive suite ..I would recomend the additional 50 dollars per night to upgrade...the bathroom was huge , complete with a jacuzzi and T.V. monitor..the room included ..A king bed , a dining table at one end and a chaise lounge at the other , mood lighting , big screen T,V,....free mineral water , afternoon tea and coffeee were complimentary , all day in the executive lounge...also they would bring up Perrier and nuts , cheese and breadsticks in the afternoon right to the room.... cocktails 5-7 p.m.in the executive lounge were also complimentary i have never had this in a hotel and I DEFINATELY drank my money 's worth .. the food was fabulous and although i am an advantage plus member , the discount did not apply for room service , which is what i did both days , but the food was such a good value , i didnt care...the staff was fantastic and all the usual ammenities available at Accor Hotels were there , such as a cordless telephone , bathrobes , slippers , toothbrush , ect...panoramic views from the huge picture window which ran along the entire front of the room about 3 meters long ..just took the escalator up from the lobby and there were about 100 shops and restaurants under a dome that stretched for at about a mile..there was a flu scare so.i never left the hotel or the shops above and i didnt feel bad about it at all..free internet in the lobby which is standard at most Novotels..close to the airport with a courtesy shutle every 15 minutes plus flight arrivals and departures on a display screen in the lobby..the breakfast buffet was included and had too many items to list here..I will definately return if i ever go back to Hong Kong.. .

just returned having stayed 4 nights at Century and 3 nights at Nathan Road. At Century we upgraded to Premier suite and would recommend it as standard of service and things included certainly well worth it - good value for money !

was in and out of Hong Kong in June for a quick 2 day business stop over. Very easy Hotel to stay in and the location was perfect for where I needed to be. Staff can not do enough to assist you and would absolutely recommend this Hotel for anyone coming to Hong Kong .

we stayed for 4 day and were very happy staff were freindly and polite rooms had soft beds and pillows great shower and all the cable tv stations location perfect as short walk to mrt station and easy to get ferry would stay again

the Novotel Century is a comfortable and attractive hotel , centrally located in Wanchai 2 blocks from the MTR . The service was great â € “ no problems there. My room was on the 7th floor , with only a view of other buildings no big deal . It was quiet , clean and functional nice bed , workstation , etc. , with just enough room to store your stuff and move around. As with most of the larger hotel chains , they try to rip you off with high prices for the restaurants and the internet. But you don â € ™ t need to eat there. You can also avoid the high internet prices 120 HKD for 1 day by buying a 24-hour PCCW card from 7-11 for only 20 HKD , then using it in the lobby downstairs or the Pacific Coffee across the street. At the promotional price I paid about 500 HKD , this place was a steal , though the regular rates are much higher .

we stayed at Novatel Century for seven nights and would throughly recommend it to anyone , be it business or leisure. When we first decided on Hong Kong we were unsure whether to stay on 'the Island ' , or in Kowloon. &quot ; Century&quot ; has a swimming pool , and that swayed our decision , and we are thankful that we did. We also followed the advice on &quot ; Tripadvisor&quot ; and booked a room on the &quot ; Premier&quot ; level , which gave us a peacefully quiet room , and access to the upper lounge for Afternoon Tea , and Cocktails.. what a great idea , and what a selection of &quot ; drinks and nibbles&quot ; ..wines , soft drinks , 'top shelf selection ' and tea and coffee. .a lovely ending to a busy day and a great way to meet people .

the Novotel Century is a real find in the middle of Wan Chai. In the hotel , nothing could be faulted. Staff , rooms , facilities. I would recommend the upgrade to the Executive Floors if travelling on business .

we stayed at the Novotel for 6 nights. Overall I would have to say it was a great hotel experience. We took advantage of a generous breakfast deal where my daughter and I both ate for the price of HK $ 110 .

we could n't decide to stay in Kowloon or Hong Kong Island , but are we pleased we chose the Century. Hong Kong Island is a little bit more relaxed than over in Kowloon. The location is fantastic just a short walk to the MRT and HK is at your feet. The staff are super friendly right from the people who great you and open the door , to the check in counter , there was also a welcome drink for us. The conceirge was great went out of his way to get information on golf and had it delivered to our room promptly. Hotel was located in easy reach of Happy Valley Races , Peak Tram and Stanley. The restaurant served a great buffet breakfast. I would definitely not hesitate and stay here again. Rooms are fairly large from what I have been told. Swimming pool is very cold , but enjoyable after a long day shopping. Going to HK do yourself a favour stay of the Century it is definitely worth it .

as soon as my mate and I stepped into the Novotel Century we were greeted by a friendly smile. We went from the front front door that was opened for us , to front desk , escorted to the lift , advised of the important floors like restaurant , gym , pool etc , and wished a good stay. The rooms are comfy and have everything you need note : those worried about drinking local water , our room was supplied with complimentary water each day We stayed a total of 8 nights , and were always welcomed with a smile and nod , with that and the cooler temperature of the aircon , we did n't want to leave .

we were visiting friends in HK , and the Novotel was in a great location to form the base for our weekend. Every part of HK is easily accessible. We stayed on the Club floor ? , and having access to the lounge for drinks , and breakfast was a respite from the hustle and bustle of HK. The Lavazza cafe in the lobby was great !

we stayed there for two nights , as a weekend get away from the Singapore mediocrity. The service was friendly , the room was a decent size for Honkers and it was fitted to Novotel style and standards , which is muted tones , clean , functional and relatively new. The bed was very good and the sheets great quality. We were upgraded which was nice , so we enjoyed breakfast in the club floor , which had an good view over harbour. I love my music , so the only ask is to change the CD in the club lounge or have a mulit disc player as it kept repeating.. ; -

during our stay in China we had to renew our 1 year business visas and Hong Kong was the most convenient country .

having stayed previously , the Novotel Century location in Wanchai is perfect , with a number of clients within walking distance , a brief walk to the MTR or an easy taxi ride to Central , it makes a perfect place to stay. The guest rooms , lobby/lobby lounge and breakfasts were all of a high standard and perfect for my business trip .

i recently took my adult family for a week and stayed at this wonderful hotel. I always stay at this hotel for business and was interested to see how it would stack up as a leisure hotel. My family was absolutely delighted with the location , ambience and the incredible attitude of the staff. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. Many of the staff recognised me from my business trips which was very professional on their part. &quot ; Happy Travelers&quot ;

the stay at the hotel was pleasant and relaxing......no hassles.The rooms were extremely clean and no smells as in some other hotels we have stayed in .

right from getting off the shuttle bus we found the staff at the Hong Kong Novotel to be extremely helpful and friendly. Nothing was too much trouble. The in-house Travel Information Desk/Booking Agent was a great facility .

had a great stay. Took the wife and 3 kids for a trip to Hong Kong. The staff were great. Winston the Security Manager , even took us on the Ferry at night to see the Symphony of the Lights , when he was on a break .

chose this hotel for its reasonable rates and proximity to the Hong Kong Convention and Expo Centre .

stayed for 2 nights in Novotel beg of May 09 .

we came here for our honeymoon. The hotel is very clean , quite near to the MTR station , &amp ; within walking distance to take Star Ferry for Star Walk. Quite a convenience place for backpack traveler as well. Totally feel secure with this hotel .

we stayed in the Novotel Century for 5 nights in February. The hotel is located in the busy area of Wan Chai and it is about a 5-10 min walk to the nearest MTR station and a similar distance to Wan Chai Star Ferry terminal. There are plenty of coffee shops and restaurants around and there is a 7-11 shop directly across the road from the hotel. The hotel lobby is well presented with a cafe , a bar and plenty of lifts. We got the Airport Express train to Central this was clean , fast and ran frequently and then the MTR to Wan Chai , though I would advise a taxi from Central to the hotel as it 's easier than fighting to get your cases through the barriers and onto the trains on the MTR .

we stayed here with a friend for 4 nights. It 's value for money , you get what you 've paid for. We felt comfortable and exactly what you expect for a Novotel hotel .

location good , easy to get around using trams. 7-11 store just outside . fast food and good restaurants through walkway in harbour centre close by , and star ferry 5 mins walk...streets outside very noisy with traffic and people but thats hong kong. ! not over impressed with hotel , noisy inside and out , clean , but smallish room with no drawer space at all in common with a lot of novotels , also some staff were proficient in english others were hopeless.. ! ! !

great location in the heart of the Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island , so the area has a far more Chinese and less touristy feel than staying on Nathan Road , Kowloon. Easy access to the tram , the ferry , The Peak , Statue Square , etc. Hotel was clean and pleasant but we felt like numbers not guests - typical of a big hotel of a large Hotel Group I suppose. It was quite cold/cool in January 13-14 degrees Celsius and we had come from Australia so no warm clothes. However hanging around the foyer with an 18-month-old child was not an option. We were moved along swiftly by staff and Management who obviously thought our active child lowered the tone. Also , as a minor inconvenience the swimming pool was out of action while we were there .

we checked in NOVOTEL CENTURY HONGKONG on 27th,November 2008 for one night,room number is 706 .

this Novotel located in the very heart of Wanchai with proximity to MTR and many attractions. The Interior is smart and efficient , very well representing the Novotel brand. The staff are dressed in smart casual and pretty helpfull in many aspects. The room size is rather small like most other hotel in HK , but the layout design were very smart. Me and my wife slept together with our 2 years old daughter , I dont really recommend children older than 5 years old to share the bed with their parents , the bed is too small. Dont ever think about having an extra bed , you 'll get cramped in the room , ask for a triple room instead.The Bathroom has the clever lay out , tough it is small and no tub , but it feels roomy and provided enough space to put your toiletries. Absolutely would consider to stay here again for my future HK trip

ok , it is a Novotel part of the Accor group , so u get drones of french tourists in this hotel. Reminds me of a modern version of European boutique hotel

  time in Hong Kong and I will be returning to Hong Kong and this hotel ! My 3 night stay was everything I would have wanted. The hotel is in a great location for exploring. The hotel is well presented , clean and modern. The roof top pool was a great way of cooling down after a day sightseeing. The rooms were quite compact , but I 've been in smaller ! The breakfast selection was large and fresh food was always being put out. Overall I would recommend this hotel .

after much looking at last minute/discout websites booked this via hotel own website as most would not let me book an extra bed for a child or wanted to charge horrenously. Put in comments section that we had a chikd but hotel had missed this still it was sorted on arrival and we had a single sofa bed for our 7 year old .

this hotel was recommended by a friend and I also read reviews on Trip Advisor. All my expectation were met , from the pick up Luxury Coach at the airport to final check out. The room was slightly small compared to South African 4 star hotels , but it had all the amenities you would expect incl your own iron and ironing board. The hotel is well located for travelling around Hond Kong Island and visiting nearby attractions .

it 's quite a good hotel for travelling. It 's in the central and easy to go to Ferry to Kowloon by walking. And the most facility I like is swimming pool. It 's quite strange but great experience for me to swim rounded by many sky escape. Also the breakfast on the morning is terrific. Just Breakfast you do n't have to find any more good Dim Sum in Hong Kong .

great hotel , although the location is not as easy to access .

i stayed at the Novotel for 5 nights during a business trip to Hong Kong. I was attending a conference at the Hong Kong convention centre. The novotel provided a great base for doing this , there is an elevated , covered walkway starting across the street from the hotel that takes you straight to the convention centre 10min walk past shops , an asian supermarket , bars , restaurants and banks. The walkway also takes you to the ferry terminal where you can catch the ferry to the other side of HK harbour and the shops in Kowloon The hotel is in wanchai which seemd a safe neighbourhood , there are some shops close buy and the wanchai computer centre a 3 storey hive of small cellphone , computer and electronic shops is close by if you are looking for a new gadget but make sure you buy from someone offering an international warranty if making a large purchase . At night parts of wanchai seem a bit seedy and there did seem to be a few undesirable bars and nightclubs open up in the evening but this is typical of any large city and didn â € ™ t really put me off the hotel or the location. We got a taxi to Soho where the restaurants and bars are a bit more trendy. Taxis in HK are VERY cheap in the city centre

the Novotel Century is located in Wan Chai , on Hong Kong Island. It is a smart,modern hotel in a great location. The staff are friendly and welcoming and the standard of guests rooms high. Considering the high cost of accomodation in Hong Kong , this makes a great base in which to explore the area if you are on holiday , but is also good for business trips too. Highly recommended

stayed for seven nights at the Novotel Century to attend a conference at the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre. The hotel is in great proximity to the centre with a covered walkway about 5-7 mins walk from the hotel .

i stayed at the Novotel Century in Wanchai for 3 nights during a business trip. Knowing a few Novotels in Europe , I was surprised by the nice and modern design and style of the hotel .

first of all , we have to consider the new design of Novotel hotels much much better than in the past. It 's simple , clear , modern and very good with flat screen TVs , very comfy bathrooms with elegant design and a good scheme of colors .

we booked 4 nights accommodation at the Novotel Century in Wan Chai during the month of April but was not very satisfied with the overall experience in this hotel. First of all , we made our booking a month prior to our stay and requested for non-smoking rooms. To our disbelief they gave us rooms on the smoking floor Floor 9 which they did not apologise or try to make amends for. The room definitely smelled of cigarettes which is foul .

stayed here for 1 night on a stop over to mainland China .

my friend and I stayed at the Novotel for three nights. First off , the location of the hotel was n't very conveinient , it was off the main street and was at least a good 10 minute walk from the MTR. Taxis were readily available and extremely cheap , but it was quite a challenge trying to explain where you want to go .

this hotel was well located , close to the habour and to the Wan Chai MTR station. Fairly good selection of restaurants , night life etc near by .

i just completed my latest weeklong stay at the Novotel Century , where I am consistently impressed with the value it offers .

i 've stayed at this place a number of times since '02 and its recent renovation has definitely improved it , I had the misfortune to stay in the midst of its renovations last year but that 's another story.. .

good hotel in Wan Chai. Mixed usage - biz people , tourists. Friendly. Rooms in reasonable shape. Nothing special. Recommended .

this hotel on the whole was clean and comfortable and well located. Close to restaurants , convenience stores and public transport. Our room had a view of the harbour and much to our delight it was located on a non-smoking floor .

we stayed here for a 2 night stopover in Hong Kong on our way to Australia for Christmas and New Year .

we stayed at the Novotel Century for 7 nights in Jan 08. Being under the Novotel banner we expected a great place &amp ; excellent service but this was not the case .

nice hotel with a very convenient shuttle bus to and from the airport. The room was nice and modern and perfect to rest up after a long flight also conveniently located in City Centre Mall which houses various shops and convenient stores. Fairly price and would come back again if we need a close hotel to the airport. FYI-the airport is great and is very much modern with wireless internet connectivity .

the hotel was completing renovation work when we were there , but it was fairly unobtrusive .

room was small but clean. No view. Location was good near all public transportation and can easily walk down the street to shopping area. Breakfast was ok. Good hotel for business trip .

stayed at the Novotel at the beginning of September for 5 nights with my wife on business. The renovation is apparent in the reception area and the fact that the bar and restaurant is in a temporary location in the basement. We heard no noise from the work and while we were there all 6 lifts became operational

stayed here 1st Aug 07 for 5 nights. The renovation work ongoing was no problem to me , it only goes on 9-6 and I was out during this time. There are only 2 lifts in operation so getting a lift could be tricky sometimes. The room was good , big enough for me and my wife and 2 young children , breakfast was great as was the pool. The pool however lacked a pool snack / drinks bar which was a pity. The hotel is in a good location , taxis plentiful and very cheap in HK. MTR metro about 10 minutes walk. Tram also about 2 minutes walk. This costs HK $ 2 which you pay on the way out no matter how far you go. This is about 15p. All in all I would stay here again. Great room rates , I got Â £ 47 UK a night .

this is a very good deal. The location is prime...easily accessible to the ferry and the metro. The room was very clean and was n't too small for a non-Western hotel. There was plenty of room for two people. The renovations were not a problem and the pool was delightful especially considering the heat and humidity in Hong Kong. The service at the desk was a bit slow as the hotel can be very crowded. However , I left quite a bit of money in my pants which had been sent to the laundry , and they immediately called me and brought it up to my room. There is an excellent breakfast in the hotel although the price can be a bit prohibitive .

as in other reviews , they are doing reno 's so and the noise is audible during the hours of 9am - 6pm. Its very loud in the make shift reception area. We stayed here for 3 nights. The bed was like sleeping on an ironing board. The rooms are tiny we had adjoining rooms 1 king bed and 2 twin beds . The room with the twin beds was tiny you definately would n't have been able to put a rollaway bed in this room. The funny thing was that this was an upgraded room from the std room , so I would hate to think what the std rooms are like ! ! ! ! The location is great and there is a brilliant coffee shop/bakery straight across the road from the hotel which does a good breakfast but a fantasic coffee which is quite hard to find in HK. I have mastered it at Starbuck now make sure you ask for a double shot .

stayed here on business and it was perfectly adequate. Clean room , all the facitiies you would expect this kind of hotel to have and in a good location. Not the place if you want to stay somewhere a bit special or different but perfectly fine for a short/mid-length trip to Hong Kong .

i spent 4 nights in this Novotel june 25-29 .

spend five nights at the Novotel , 20 to 24 of June .

i have stayed at this hotel on a couple of occasions and would definitely stay there again .

we travelled with the excellent Oasis Hong Kong and stayed for 6 nights at the this hotel , to celebrate Chinese New Year. Upon arrival , we were greeted with a very friendly doorman , however the receptionist must of been having a bad day , hardly any smiles. We were on floor 13 , but when we got into our room it was only made up for 2 adults , when in fact the booking was clearly made for 3. After a long night flight , this was the last thing that we needed. So we went back down to reception to be told that a fold away bed , plus additional towels etc would be with us shortly. Luckily it was and we were able to freshen up before starting the celebrations. With the 3rd bed , it did make the room quite cosy , but it was clean and quiet and you dont go to Hong Kong to sit in your room. The restaurant staff , food and service were excellent , lovely ample breakfast. A short walk to the star ferry , underground , buses , trains and the main road - highly recommended to all .

we travelled to Hong Kong in early November 2006 and stayed here for 3 nights .

after an exhaustive search I just take way too long to make up my mind about a hotel we settled on this hotel for a short trip down from Bangkok to see Hong Kong and my revered Disneyland. I booked on the hotel website as it was the cheapest rate payable in advance offered after checking many too many websites. I wanted a place that was easy access to the MTR and reasonably priced. I was pleased upon arrival easy to take the train from the airport to the terminus at Central and then a taxi- we arrived after the buses had stopped running - to the hotel . My partner and I were greeted by a businesslike receptionist but with a big smile and some charm she softened up she had been working all day and was at the end of her shift . We were pleased that the room was clean and modern. The flat panel TV had surprisingly bad quality of picture do n't know if that was due to the broadcast of the T.V. but were not in HK to watch T.V. It did have a personal greeting for me upon my arrival the T.V. that is . The MTR is only a 10 min. walk away. There is n't much in the way of restaurants nearby and I usually avoid hotel restaurants at these mid-range hotels. A few storefront rest. on the block , a McDonald 's 5 min. away , and a 7-11 right out the lobby door we emptied our refrigerator and put in our own . The staff was surprisingly ignorant of basic things like how to get to the skytram to Big Buddha or recommendations for a good Dim Sum restaurant they tried to send us to their restaurant but one look at that and we were elsewhere . Others have commented about the neighborhood.. yes you can buy any manner of toilet or sink or bathroom fixture on the blocks surrounding the hotel but it 's clean and orderly. The &quot ; red-light&quot ; part is hardly noticeable but I live on Soi Nana in Bangkok. If you know the street - you understand. The internet access was necessary as I am taking online courses and needed to be able to get into my 'classroom&quot ; and complete and post assignments while on holiday I 'm a dedicated student . It was n't horrible at all but it was pricey. I think I would check and see if I could pick up a random signal from some other provider before purchasing theirs. It was interesting that you could buy up to 2 or 3 days by the day but after that , the only other option was a week. I think they figured out that is the best pricing structure to get you to pay for internet you will never use..... The hotel is not the kind of place you walk out the door and there is some nightlife but one stop away is Times Square with plenty to do at night .

i got a great rate. I thought the staff was good. Great location. The rooms just big enough who needs a LARGE room while traveling . Cleanliness was very good. The restaraunt downstairs was good if you are getting in late and tired. Just a couple of minutes walk away from Starferry terminal one of them at least . Hong Kong park and Victoria Tram about 10-15 minute walk. Market and bars 5 minute walk. Would highly recommend if you can get in the 100 - 120 USD range .

this was my first trip to HK early Dec 06 . The overall experience was okay because of the sight seeing but I was not impressed by the hotel staff. Asian tourists asking questions of lobby staff definitely not liked. The rooms were standard. It says alot that the most friendliest and helpful staff were the housekeeping cleaning ladies ! Stayed at hotel for 5 nights-and each morning the buffet breakfast was almost identical. Had heard so much about HK dim sum and even their 2 type-dim sum offering was not interchanged with other types. It does not take a lot to be creative to inject some variety into the buffet spread-after all a number of guests there including myself were there for conferences extended stay . The waitresses there were often curt and distinctly less attentive to us Asians , clear discrimination in obvious better service to the westerners becos they tipped well ? ? or they paid more for their rooms ? ? . We were made to wait for coffee while a waitress went about filling up their cups skirting around our table even tho our request was made earlier. The dining experience was well below par than most 4-star hotels I have stayed. Very disappointing on that score. The hotel location is convenient- short walk to Wan Chai MTR , HKCEC and Star Ferry. If I were to visit HK again , I would stay elsewhere .

we stayed at the Novotel for 4 nights , following our trip to Bali. We were put on the smoking floor , tho niether of us smoke. The room did n't smell smokey so I did n't ask to be moved. The rooms are small but clean. The bed was tiny and lumpy. Bathroom fine , shower really nice ! The breakfast was dismal and definately not worth paying for - there are a few places nearby to grab something. Once you find you 're way round you realise its a good location. The MRT is about a 10min walk and is clean , air conditioned and cheap nothing like the London tube ! ! . The star ferry also has a landing dock at Wan Chai and is worth a trip over at night - around 15p a trip ! ! It can be a bit rough so beware ! Times square is a good location for shopping. People raved about Nathan Road in Kowloon but we were n't impressed - I would n't advise people to buy electrical or camera equipment from the stores here , They seemed a bit dodgy. The are 2 floors in the Times Square mall devoted to electrical stuff. Be sure to open the boxes and try things before you buy. Nathan road does have a lovely Irish pub about two thirds down on left hand side which serves the most amazing burgers I 've ever tasted ! ! We spent a day at Disney which was a really fun day out. Â £ 18 entrance. It is small compared to Eurodisney so must be tiny compared to the USA but great craic. Very few queues. Only 1 fast ride but after 3 goes on it we 'd had enough ! We also went on the cable car to see a giant Buddha. Bit of a tourist trap , cable car took 30mins each way but was not a scary ride compared to some I 've been on. Listen out for the annoying song they play on a loop the entire trip ! If the weather is good and you have the time it fills a morning but it was a bit dosappointing .

we stayed here for 5 nights and we could n't find any faults with the hotel at all. OK the room was a little small but it was lovely and bathroom was nice and clean. The location was excellent , no more than 5 mins walk from Hong Kong Convention Centre and the Star Ferry. We certainly would come back to this hotel again .

this would be my second experience at this hotel - the first being way back in 1994 , and I am quite happy with the service provided by the staff. I came with my family , and having my daughter aged 5 + with me , I did n't expect much for her since I 've read reviews of the hotel being more suited to a business traveller .

i was dreading our visit after reading other reviews but it is nowhere near as bad as some make out. The hotel itself is fine , very clean and smart and the staff were all polite and helpful. We were offered an upgrade when we arrived at no extra cost to us. It is obviously very popular as a business function location. it is conveniently situated and the red light area is far enough away not to be an issue and it is easy to walk anywhere - even at night by using the skywalks which cover a wide area including right down to the Star ferry which is only about 15 minutes away. The local MTR station is also only 5 minutes walk away. The only one thing I would suggest is that if you drink in the bar , stipulate the brand of drink you want from the menu they provide , as if you ask for example for just 2 whiskies they will give you the most expensive they have ! Although the view from our room was not exactly picturesque I certainly would n't have any problem staying there again - after all I did n't go to Hong Kong to spend time inside a hotel room except to sleep !

good hotel , good service , pleasant staff. Do not use hotel laundery , HK $ 500 for a bag of washing ! ! ! ! ! ! , but on the whole a good hotel .

