i stayed in this hotel for 4 nights . I am very satisfied with this hotel except one thing. The concierge. They do not too care. They not spontaniously to help guest a tke the luggages. But rooms , location for the hotel is perfect. Everythings are near with hotel .

a modern , comfortable hotel away from the hustle &amp ; bustle

very modern hotel and sophisticated.. .

located very close to HK airport this hotel would be ideal for a short stop-over of one to three nights. As Disneyland is nearby it would be ideal as a stop over for families. Located on Lantau Island there are many attractions nearby - Bronze Buddha , Cable car , Disneyland , bushwalking and a big outlet shopping centre. Rooms are a little bigger than HK norm , are comfortable and have views over the water or hills. Several in-house restaurants and many more located in the shopping centre. Breakfast selection is very good. The MRT is 5 mins walk away and its about 30 mins on the MRT to Kowloon or HK island. Free shuttle bus to and from the airport. The check-in and check-out were the smoothest and fastest I have experienced for many a long year. Staff are generally warm and helpful. The lobby area appeared very noisy and busy .

i stayed overnight at this hotel prior to flying out to Singapore for a 4 night cruise , and then again on the return before flying home. Both times our room was on the 11th floor , and was immaculate , large and completely modernized. There is a free shuttle from the HKG airport , you just go to counter B16 or A16 depending on where you arrive ? and you will be escorted to the hotel shuttle bus. The hotel is attached to the Citygate Outlet Mall , which has restaurants , coffee shops , a McDonald 's , and is a transit hub for buses , the MTR into Kowloon/Hong Kong , and the cable car for Ngong Ping. I would seriously consider staying at this hotel for a longer stay because of the convenience of the free airport shuttle and the MTR into town. There were two computer terminals with free internet access for hotel guests , located next to the business centre , which I really appreciated .

i regularly stay at this hotel when travelling to Hong. I used to stay downtown in hotels such as the Mandarin Oriental or the Shangri-la. I find te quality of the Noivotel is almost comparable , but for about 100 euro per night room 2310 in the executive floors .

pros :

i highly recommend the Novotel Citygate. The staff is most efficient and helpful. The rooms are very clean , comfortable , and restful. It 's better than being at home. The location of the hotel , between the airport and Disneyland is also great , especially for those travelling with children. I highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay here again during my next Hong Kong trip .

only stayed one night to break up the long flight form sydney to heathrow.we decided to book into the executive rooms and were not disapointed .

stayed at this hotel for 1 night and glad I did. After almost a week in Hong Kong city , I decided to stay at a hotel near the airport towards the end of my vacation .

hi everyone,

great view all around ! ! !

the first time I stayed here it was recommended , I 'm leaving a review to say that to you !

stayed 2 nights in kowloon , and chose to stay at Novotel Citygate hk for 2 nights as we wanted to visit ngong ping 360 and disney. Had a wonderful stay at the Novotel Citygate HK. Excellent excellent location. Directly connected to citygate outlets shopping galore ! , ngong ping 360 cable car , and one stop away from Sunny Bay/disney... hotel room is very clean and nicely decorated. Nice big flatscreen tv too : Rollaway bed provided complimentary for our 4 yr old daughter , but it is big enough for an adult to sleep on. overall a wonderful stay. will definitely choose novotel citygate again for our next visit .

we stayed at this hotel for two nights in November 2009. Very clean , quiet , efficient , modern , convenient to airport with free shuttle bus . Not cheap just over Â £ 100 per night for room - breakfast was extra but very good . About 40 minutes from centre of HK by nearby train very cheap . Worth staying in HK for longer.....probably best to stay in centre and then stay at this hotel on arrival or departure for convenience for flight back. Would definitely stay here again. Went up to The Peak in Hong Kong by the tram.......good value and great views but some but not all of the prices at the top were expensive. Worth staying around in the centre for the light show when buildings are all lit up around harbour. Star Ferry across harbour takes 10 minutes....good views and only about 20 pence each way .

having travelled extensively , I fully reccomend this hotel for

my first stay at this hotel near HKIA bec I got to catch an early flight next day. I stayed at the regal airport before and though this hotel is 10 mins by shuttle bus away and regal is walking distance to the airport , I will still choose to stay at Novetel. First , getting to and from airport is made esay by the 15 mins interval free shuttle bus service. Next it 's located just next door to a big shopping centre , Tung Chung citygate , where there are shops , food , supermarket etc. It 's also next to the MTR station easy access to disneyland and even getting into Kowloon. Of course , if you want to be in a crowded shopping area , then stay in town. Rooms are clean , comfortable. Services are good , check in and out a breeze. I will stay here next time and not in disneyland hotels if I want to visit the theme park. Oh , I paid HK $ 1089 including all taxes for a good nite stay .

stayed here for one night on way to Hong Kong airport. Convenient shuttle bus that takes 10mins to airport. Excellent rooms .

the Good :

the hotel is conveniently located next to the Citygate Outlet mall - a pretty good shopping destination as you can get your designer wears at affordable prices , lots of dining outlets - nearby the Ngong Ping cable car station , about 15 minutes train ride away from Disneyland and 5 minutes ride to the airport. Not to mention the Tung Chung MTR station is conveniently located in the mall as well .

modern clean roomy great staff 10 mins to the airport , shuttle bus every 15mins. Train to city 4 min walk , 25 min train ride to Central. Buffets great. Gym &amp ; pool ok , pool looses sun real early , water can get cold. It closes for winter .

could not fault anything at all. Service and accomadation were fantastic .

i had a 15 hour stopover at this hotel on my my from Australia to Europe. The rooms were modern and clean and whilst a little on the small side were very adequate. The transfer service to and from the airport was quick and convenient and worked well for me. I used the cafe/restaruant during the afternoon and the food was tasty and premises sparkling clean. My only regret was that the female staff member cashier in the cafe was not personable and I wondered what she was doing working in customer service ! ! ! The wait staff were very pleasant and helpful .

no complaints about the hotel at all. There was a free shuttle service to and from the airport , which we loved. We arrived early at around 9 : 00am but the front desk personnel very graciously allowed us to check into our rooms even before the check-in time. The rooms were beautiful , very modern , tastefully done , and spacious. We had our 4-year old daughter with us , and she was given an extra rollaway bed , free of charge. That left the queen-size bed to me and my husband , so all of us slept very well and comfortably. All the basic amenities you 'd expect in a hotel are there ; slippers , coffee and tea , toiletries , mini-ref... The only thing that puzzled me was that there was no divider between the rooms and the bathroom. The bed is just basically right next to the sink , mirrors , toilet , and showers although the toilet and showers mercifully are enclosed . So , if you 'd be doing your thing in the toilet , everyone in the bedroom would be sure to get a whiff once you open the door and step out. The service was superb. Even the housekeeping staff were very helpful in answering our questions. We did n't avail of the hotel breakfast , but since the hotel is directly connected to Citygate Mall just an escalator ride and you 're already in the mall , we did n't run out of choices of where to eat. Speaking of the mall , it is just as big and complete as those in Causeway or Central , with lots of popular retailers , and the shops are outlets too so we were able to buy a lot of things on sale. The mall also has a supermarket , money exchange center , and big fast food area , as well as a very convenient MTR exit Tung Chung station . The MTR station is just next to Disneyland 's Sunny Bay station , so if your main purpose for visiting HK is to go to Disneyland and/or shop at the outlet stores , this hotel would be absolutely perfect. But if you also intend on going around the city to Kowloon or Hongkong side , it might not be that ideal since the MTR ride can take up to an hour just going there .

really liked this hotel for a stopover. Very very comfortable , very very quiet. Facilities are excellent. I got a free transfer to and from the airport which was very convenient. The hotel is directly connected to an outlet mall. Do n't worry--the hotel is very quiet and does n't seem too busy or chaotic. The mall has high-quality stores Burberry , Ralph Lauren , Coach , Nike , etc. and in the basement there is a large grocery store with a * huge * selection of Asian and Western food .

we stayed at the Novotel Citygate in a stopover on long haul flights. The shuttle was quick and easy. We arrived very late and was starving. The rooms are very modern and clean - and the food and room service , typical of Hong Kong was really excellent. The shuttle to the airport the next day was again quick and easy. If there are faults with this hotel as a stopover , I certainly did n't see any !

looks like I am one of the few non stopover reviews here ! I stayed for 4 nights for an Expo and really enjoyed this hotel. Rooms are clean and comfy , and it 's in a nice quiet area but well connected via Tung Chung MTR stop at the mall below. The mall is only so-so but has a good food court to avoid the high hotel food prices. Staff fine , but not overly helpful. All in all I would stay here again , it was quite nice .

wished w e had stayed longer. From the pick up at the airport to the drop off we could not fault the service. We upgraded to a room on the 20th floor over looking the sea. It was peaceful , felt luxurious. The pool area is a wonderful place to relax , swim and enjoy the peaceful music. We would stay again this time for three days .

this hotel is only a 5-minute free shuttle ride from the airport. Nice modern rooms with a sit-down shower no tub , robes. Did not eat at the hotel. Depending on the availability , the advance purchase-no refund rate can be very good. The shuttle takes you back to the airport - runs every 15 minutes .

novotel Citygate

i had an overnight at Hong Kong airport and am glad I stayed here .

my daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights one on our return from China and again

stayed in this hotel for one night in September and was thoroughly impressed by the whole operation. Do n't get me wrong the hotel is next to the airport so not ideal for a vacation but if its a stop over or a business trip you 've found the right hotel. I say this not because its a 5 star luxury experience but its practical , clean , modern , functional and has everything you need in a well planned out no nonsense style that will suit the modern traveller who just wants to get on with it. The courtesy bus service is ideal for quick transport to the airport and the facilities are impressive. Nice pool , decent gym , great buffet restaurant with a good mixture of Asian and Western food. For business or a stop over I would choose this hotel everytime .

we were only in Hong Kong for a 17 hour layover , so we chose to stay by the airport , since we arrived at 7 : 30pm and were leaving at 12 : 30pm the next day otherwise , we would have gone into Kowloon . In general , we found this hotel to be pretty good. The hotel is very clean and modern inside. The only thing was that we specifically requested a non-smoking room at the time of booking , but when we arrived to check-in , they told us they only had smoking rooms left. We were n't happy about that. The hallways reeked of cigarette smoke , and our room smelt funny too .

change the hotel from novotel kowloon to novotel citygate on the last day of our 6 days trip to hongkong. ive choose to change coz its near the airport , close to hongkong disney and just a minutes ride from hotel to airport with a free shuttle bus every 15 minutes. not the best but gives you comfort especialy if your in a morning flight... outlets malls just near the hotel. nice view from room , and just the down part is the toilet , after you take a bath or shower , the floor gets wet... overall its a nice stopover hotel... .

this hotel was okay for going to/from the Hong Kong Airport. We have stayed there twice. We were not convinced that it was our best option for the price .

staying at the Novotel was my treat after a very long trip &amp ; I was not disappointed ! Excellent staff , fantastic food , great views , immaculate rooms : all connected to a fantastic discount outlet shopping centre. Only 10 mins from Disneyland , shuttle bus drops you right at the doors of the airport when you have to leave boo hoo ! I simply ca n't wait to go back to Hong Kong &amp ; stay there again , it was without doubt the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Every other hotel can learn something about hospitality from the staff at this Novotel !

as other reviewers have said , this really is a quality hotel available at an excellent price. It is perfect if , like us , you only have an overnighter in HK or have an early start. We had an 8am flight and I had thought we would need a taxi for an early check in but the hotel assured us that as we were on a through ticket and had our boarding pass , we could get the free shuttle bus that morning - so we got an extra half hour lie-in and were at the airport in good time. On collection from the airport upon arrival in HK , we did have to wait a good 20 minutes or so before walking out to get the bus another 6 or 7 minutes from the collection desk. So , if you have really limited time , a taxi would be quicker .

the Novotel Citygate changed me opinion of this hotel chain it was modern well located and I chose to stay again on my return stop over.Well done Citygate .

we stayed at the Citygate as a stopover before flying on home to New Zealand. What an absolutely fantastic hotel. Staff were friendly and very helpful. We were upgraded with our room and the buffet breakfast was divine. Has a great shiopping centre nearby and there is a free shuttle service to and from the airport. The room was great , clean , spacious and very inviting. Would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a stopover or a leisurely stay in Hong Kong .

we booked this hotel as it was very close to the airport and was running an advance-purchase promotion for a queen-size room on the executive floor including breakfast. It was excellent value for that , but even more so as we were upgraded to a suite on arrival .

stayed here for 1 night stopover before flight back to London and thought this hotel was absolutely fabulous. Free hotel shuttle from airport , Staff very welcoming and accommodating , great service , spotlessly clean quiet room with all amenities with great view. Room on small side , but brilliantly designed and has plasma TV , comfy bed and excellent lighting. Has shopping centre located alongside although we sadly never had a chance to explore .

we stayed at the Novotel Citygate for 10 nights from 19th Aug-29th Aug 2009. We had an executive room , pictures attached .

we stayed at the Novotel Citygate in August for 4 nights and we had a fantastic stay. The rooms are very clean and modern and also very quiet. The Bar downstairs is great with very friendly staff and happy hour from 5pm to 8pm which we really enjoyed , they even had live music on the Friday and Saturday of our stay. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Hong Kong. One thing I just remembered was that the Shopping Centre that is adjoined to the hotel is an Outlet Mall for all of those in a shopping mood. The hotel is only 5 minutes from the Hong Kong International Airport and the hotel supplies a free shuttle bus tho get there .

we arrived quite early so booked 2 nights to guarantee &quot ; early&quot ; checkin and prepaid. So very surprised on arrival to find we needed to wiat while reception sent someone to &quot ; check&quot ; the room ? However , once we were checked in the room was very pleasant and an ideal spot for an extended intransit stopover. Shuttle service was good and frequent. Shopping centre in the surrounds provided access to most people 's needs .

we stayed here for 1 night each way on a trip from NZ to Europe. It proved to be the perfect start and finish to our holiday. When you get off a 12 hour flight you are a bit numb ! You just want to 'crash&quot ; . This place was perfect. The pool is fantastic so we had a swim before hitting the sack. There are blackout curtains on the windows and the place is silent. It was perfect. On one direction we took the local bus , a 5 minute walk away , to see the giant Budda. A great trip , and I expect that if you had a head for heights the cable car could be quite exciting ! There was excellent shopping in the attached mall. We thought that we might be missing out on the HK experience being this far from town. However on the return trip we got what must be one of the easiest MRT trains another 5 minute walk for the 45 minute ride into town. This just confirmed we had made the right choice. We found HK to be &quot ; full on&quot ; . We were pleased to be away from the downtown turmoil .

i was n't sure I should share this secret but it looks like its out of the bag anyway. This is the best place for a stopover in Hong Kong when travelling between Australia and Europe. Its very close to the airport about 5 minute in the bus , but you do have to wait for the transfer - which is free . Use the time you save in travelling to shop in the Citygate outlet mall. Or catch the MRT into Central and ride the elevators or take the funicular to the Peak. There are also lots of tourist options on Lantau Island. And its convenient for Disneyland station .

we booked this hotel due to it 's proximity to the airport and the fact that they were running a promotion , we had a one night layover in Hong Kong .

this is really a great hotel on a very nice and quiet location .

this was my first time at this hotel. I stayed here on my last night in HKG .

have stayed twice in this hotel on a stopover from NZ to Japan , both times on the 21st floor. Room was clean and well maintained. Arrived late at night , so ordered room service. Food a disappointment. But service good - friendly and professional. Breakfast buffet however is excellent .

this place is just amazing. Everything is perfect , apart from the price. If you have the money to go here though , JUST DO IT , do n't even bother to look else where , as this is just the best place ever i 'm not even joking . The shower , the beds , the view , the service , the air con... bloody GREAT !

we have stayed now 4 times in Novotel Citygate Hong Kong and really like the place .

this hotel was a great find and relaxing way to use the scheduled 9 hr stopover in HK on our flight from India to Australia. It was easy to access from A16 or B16 which other passengers took with just a 15 min wait for the hotels own transfer service , which worked equally well returning to the airport .

i greatly appreciate Asst Manager , Jacky Yip 's energy , enthusiasm , resoursefulness and skill which i did see during my stay. He demonstrated his patriotism and his deep interest in his job. Meeting Jacky , who has attain such excellent customer service , made me want to come back to Novotel Citygate Hong Kong again .

lovely new hotel , free transfer from airport desk B16 not A16 as per website , great reception , well designed throughout and v helpful staff. Located as part of the Outlet mall so you can walk out of the hotel and into Burberry without ever stepping outside ! 5 mins to station for MTR into Kowloon or HK Island , v easy and cheap and 7 mins fromt he cable car to the Buddha - worth a visit . V quiet too - so quiet we overslept and missed breakfast so I ca n't vouch for food. Will be recommending to anyone who asks - we thought it was great. Would give it 6 stars if we could .

stayed here 17th May. Very nice comfortable modern room. Free shuttle bus transfer to hotel from airport , took less than 10 mins. Next morning too early for shuttle , but very inexpensive taxi - took less than 5 mins to departures. Good place to get a sleep at a reasonable price .

spent two nights at Novotel Citygate ; chose this hotel based on these reviews. Hotel includes free transportation from Hong Kong airport. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Room was very nice , particularly for a Novotel. Hotel is situated on Lantau island , so not right in the mix of Hong Kong island or Kowloon , but I found that to be a big advantage. Access to most major sites in Hong Kong is easily accessible from the hotel because of the Tung Chung MTR stop a short distance from the hotel. Had a great breakfast buffet with both western and Chinese selections. Also ate in one of the hotel restaurants for dinner one evening and it was very good .

i have to spend a single night in lots of different hotels and rarely do I review them , as I

we have stayed twice at this hotel , for one night on each occasion , while stopping over in Hong Kong en route to Europe. It has served us very well both times. The free shuttle bus collected us from the airport and returned us there each time. On the second occasion our flight arrived after 10 pm and I was concerned that a late arrival or delays in clearing immigration might mean that the shuttle was no longer running. An email to the hotel produced a quick response , attaching the shuttle 's schedule. As it happened we were not delayed and we were able to use the shuttle. The room was very comfortable and we were able to fill in the spare time between flights in the adjacent shopping centre .

i chose to stay at this hotel because of the excellent reviews I read on Tripadvisor. I must admit that I was disappointed , though , primarily because of my experience at the restaurant .

i recently stayed at the Novotel Citigate Hong Kong on my way back to Sydney. Being a member of the Accor Advantage system , I chose to stay at the Novotel instead of the Regal Airport Hotel which is rated as 5 star but far less superior to the Novotel Citigate. In my view , the Novotel Citigate offers excellent service , 5 star facilities and amenities and very spacious. I showed the room to my daughter who lives in the Hong Kong main island and she is thinking of taking a holiday at the Novotel Citigate since it is so peaceful and scenic. Margaret

we had high hopes of this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor. However , we had a room on the executive floor which had airconditioning continuously blowing on one side of the room. The lack of a thermostat with automatic on/off meant that the person sleeping on that side of the bed froze , whilst the other person was too hot .

with the need to stay near HKIA Airport , I booked the Novotel Citygate and was very impressed. Very good links to the airport , both hotel buses and public transport. Easy to job on the MTR into downtown , and the spare time I had in the Hotel , the building is linked to the Citygate shopping mall with verious outlets. The Hotel in modern and very clean. The only small downside for some might be the open plan bathroom where as soon as you step out of the shower - you are in the room , however you can request a closed room. Staff were very helpfull and hotel food was good value also a great food plaza in the shopping mall . The Island of Lantau also has the Cable car to Big Buddah and Disney Land HK near by .

we stayed overnight at this hotel. The rooms were good size and very clean. There is n't anything to fault the hotel except that the shuttle bus does not run 24 hours. So if you are arriving at HKIA after 11 PM , you might want to consider the Marriott hotel nearby as they offer individual transfer service rather than the shuttle. Otherwise Novotel is slightly better value than Marriott .

an airport hotel with prompt free shuttle service to the international airport in Hong Kong. We stopped here in transit on our way home from a long stay in mainland China. View from the room included the classic Hong Kong mountain/harbour/high rise backdrop , with the hotel pool and fountain area directly below our room 702. Huge window , queen bed , flat panel TV. The bath had only a walk-in shower only but all done in an updated and modern interior design. We ate the international breakfast buffet before our trans-pacific travel home , it was acceptable albeit expensive. Attached to hotel common area find the large outlet mall to quench the last of your Hong Kong shopping experience. There was a train station beyond that with additonal shops and cafes. A cable car ride was within walking distance but alas we ran short on time .

used the Novotel as a stopover on return from holidays .

what a great place and deal ! We were warmly welcomed by the staff , check in was a breeze , and our room was clean with a great view ! We have 2 kids 3 yrs old and 1.5 yrs old and they enjoyed the room and started to make lots of noise...and this is when we noticed the door to our room was nice and thick , making our room a bit soundproof ! We immediately started exploring the great outlet stores next door to the hotel. Breakfast is a complete buffet. We visited Disneyland only 2 train stations away and enjoyed the free cocktails in the evening. The staff were attentive and helpful , but at the same time allowed us to have our privacy...which we know is a hard balancing act. A few staff stood out being great , including Yoko , Edmund and Chris. I 'd stay here again for sure !

i stayed at this hotel at two occasions this month and both stays were fantastic. I stayed in a junior-suite on the club floor , which was located at the top floor of the building offering a nice view through a wall of windows .

i have stayed at the Novotel Citygate a few times now. Each time my experience has been very positive. Room is clean , the idea of bathroom being an open plan works well .

stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in mid-February. Hotel was situated in a nice location. Very close to the airport with free transfer available. The hotel was connected to the Citygate Outlet which featured lots of shops with a great food court and supermarket .

the hotel is overall fantastic , I have stayed in Hong Kong many times and this was the first time at Novotel Citygate - We stayed for 8 nights , with a further few nights in Mongkok. The hotel location is great for the attractions outside of the main buzz - Disneyland , Discovery Bay , Buddah , cable car , and more over the Citygate factory outlets - there is some AMAZING shopping at this centre .

my flight from Africa arrived into Hong Kong at 08 : 45 am and I departed the same day for Australia at 9 : 00 pm. I therefore booked one night â € ™ s accommodation close to the airport at the Novotel Citygate in order to get some rest between the two overnight flights .

we had completed a 17 night tour in China and stayed at the Novotel Citygate the last night of our stay. We chose this hotel due to closeness to airport and free shuttle. We arrived late and departed early. The experience was 100 % satisfactory. We received keen attention upon arrival &amp ; departure despite late/early hours. We were wowed by the sleek , contemporary accommodations and wish we had more time to enjoy this 1st class hotel. We expected a delivery of custom made suits and were disappointed they had not arrived since our connection time was tight. Upon our return to the states we investigated the non-delivery to find the suits had been delivered to the hotel. The management was very apologetic and FedExed the suits to us receiving within two days after our return. Only wish we had spent more time there to enjoy the beautiful resort-like pool and convenient MTR subway service to Hong Kong. We highly recommend this hotel .

we decided to stay for our last 2 nights in Honkong at the Citygate due the ease of getting to the airport and to explore Lantau further. We had prepaid for deluxe room for $ 550HK as part of the Asia Sale , at check in we asked about late check out till 4pm and were advised we could upgrade to premier room with all the extra bits which included the 4pm check out. We had been offered the upgrade via email for $ 275HK , but at the hotel the same upgrade cost only $ 225HK. Definately worth the extra , breakfast great in main restaurant and very good afternoon tean and evening snacks with alcoholic drinks etc. Upgrade also included wireless and room with a fantastic view. Service was excellent and room clean , turndown service with nice chocolate left ect .

good place to stay when you need to catch an airplane early in the morning. Its close by the airport , and Novotel minibus shuttle goes every 15 minutes. Restaurant closes at 22 : 00 hours , but you can still order snacks Burgers and alike in the lobby bar , or dine in your room. Executive rooms are quite nice , but much too cold. Still do n't understand why in Hong Kong they put the airco always at deepfreeze temperatures , what a waste of energy .

i did a bit of research before booking accommodation in HK. Having never been there before and travelling alone with 4 year old. I managed to book online directly with Novotel during their Asian Sale at the beginning of the year and managed to get a great rate !

fabulous hotel. We needed to be near the airport but also wanted good MTR access to get onto HK Island for dinner. This hotel delivers both these and more. The service is slick , the hotel 's style is contemporary and very refreshing and the rooms are really fab too. If you have an early flight , the hotel provides a free express breakfast i.e. you can grab a coffee and pastry en route to the airport , before 6.30am . Overall a great option if you want to be near the airport , and with the MTR access it 's not a bad option overall either though if you want to see HK I 'd stay more centrally .

stayed here for 3 nights with my wife , mother and a teenager and had a twin room and a King room with a connecting door. We were on the business floor so had use of the Biz lounge which included free afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapes. Transfer from the airport was very smooth and we were impressed that the hotel actually has staff members at the airport to walk you to the shuttle bus. Only 5 minutes from the airport. The rooms were exceptional , both very different in layout and facillities. The king room had an amazing open plan bathroom see photo and one of the largest shower heads I 've ever seen. But no bath. The twin room with two single beds had an enclosed bathroom but they had a bath. We were on the 21st floor same floor as the Biz Lounge and had a great view of the mountains from the full length window. There was a turn down service each night and chocolates were left on the pillow. We loved this hotel not just for the modern feel and excellent service but because it was located over an excellent shopping centre which includes a food hall , cinema , MRT station and bus station . The cable car to Ngong Ping is only a few hundred metres away. There is also an excellent supermarket in the basement which has an excellent array of wine and beer available very cheaply as well as fresh baked goods. The swimming pool at the hotel is great and has an extensive zen like landscaped garden area with little quotations at each point. There 's a mandatory shower gate though which means you ca n't get poolside without getting wet so not good if someone just wants to sit and watch you swim. This hotel also ideally situated to travel to Disneyland and only took 15 minutes on MTR. After reading posts on this site we took the bus up to the Giant Budhha and caught the cable car down which was a really great way to see the rest of Lantau island. If you are staying here be sure to make the trip up. We tried out the bar and the tapas restaurant and both impressed. The service in the tapas restaurant was very very efficicient with the decor very upmarket. If you are travelling with kids be sure to check out the water fountain in the square near the bus station , it 's an attraction in it 's own right. We had breakfast in the main restaurant downstairs each day and it was extensive and large. You had to get your own tea and coffee but that 's the way most hotels are going now. We loved the free drinks and afternoon tea in the lounge and the free wirelss internet and it was certainly worth paying the extra for the privilege of looking out over the airport sipping a beer. We caught the MTR into Hong Kong on our last night and it only took 30 minutes. Negatives : biz staff seemed a little curt and over officious at their desk. Very efficient and helpful but they lacked the friendly touch. My mother also commented on the lack of porters as we had to unload our own bags and drag them to reception but maybe we just caught them when they were busy . Overall we had a fantastic time at this hotel and would certainly be back ! ! ! ! If you need a decent hotel that is handy to Disney , the airport , public transport and Lantau Island then this is the place for you !

absolutely the best place to stay if you are visiting the EXPO or do not have much traveling to do on the main HK island .

the Fire Alarm rang at around 12midnight ! Called operator , no one answered ! Fire Trucks were at the area ---- kinda scarry huh. After an hour , staff were at the hallway telling eveyone that is was a false alarm. Worst , when you are about to sleep agian , you get a call explaining about the incident .

my husband , i and our 3 year old son stayed in this hotel for 5 days and we loved it. the best hotel in hongkong. rooms are very quiet , clean , spacious hong kong standards . the hotel staff are very friendly. just a few minutes walk to the mrt which is just below it , ngong ping cable car and the outlets. i so love the outlets , feels like heaven ! ! ! this hotel is situated in tungchung , just 15 minutes to disneyland by mrt and 5 minutes away from the airport. the area is not crowded unlike in kowloon and the city proper. will definitely go back :

six parties board the hotel 's own shuttle from the airport and arrive ten minutes later and there is only one person at reception to check them in. After a few minutes , another and then another emerged from the back. Something is terribly wrong here -- the shuttle could have notified them who was coming. Or the hotel could have checked their records and known that guests were due to check in. Anyway , 15 minutes to check in and then another 5 minutes to switch a non-smoking room to a smoking room since they did not bother to ask. I ordered &quot ; coffee&quot ; from room service and an airpot with 3 cups is delivered : perfect. Later , I ordered &quot ; coffee&quot ; from room service and a single cup is delivered and had to be swapped. Yes , they should have asked. Internet cable provided was too short to reach the desk , one plug adapter for two plugs , TV wo n't swivel so ca n't be seen from the desk -- all little things but this is a really well designed hotel with an odd shape where apparently a lot more attention was put into the design than the accessorization and service .

i stayed here for 6 nights taking advantage of a promotion and got my room for under 600 HKD including the 10 % service charge .

very nice hotel. Beautiful decor. Rooms bigger than I expected for Hong Kong as there was room for a rollaway bed , double bed and desk. The bathroom is huge and runs behind the double bedhead. There were no entry doors on the bathroom and I was concerned about privacy as we were travelling with our 15 year old son. But it was n't a problem and there are doors on the toilet and shower. We ate in the Olea restaurant as we got in late - it was beautiful decor and very attentive staff , the food was fantastic and the prices reasonable my mushroom risotto was Aus $ 24 . The shuttle was easy to find at B16 at the airport. We had an early morning flight so had to catch a taxi there - what an experience , put on your seat belt and hold on !

the title says for itself. My 8 year old daughter n I developed a dreadful itch after spending 3 nites at this hotel. They do n't really replenish the mineral water bottles daily , so got ta buy it off the supermarket on the attached mall .

if you do n't mind the 30-40 minute metro ride into town , it would be a good place to stay. Otherwise it 's a perfect place to stay near the airport for just 1 or 2 nights or if Disneyland and the Big Buddha are the attractions you plan to visit. The hotel offers free shuttle from and to the airport. The hotel is attached to a large shopping mall , and the Tung Chung metro station is very easily accessible through the mall. Within easy walking distance , there are a grocery store , and many inexpensive dining options - a few fast food joints , a couple of restaurants , and the mall food court with an extensive selection of different asian cuisines. The room was large and very nicely designed...See pictures...There is no FREE wi-fi ; however , there are two Mac computers for guest use in the lobby. We only stayed for 2 nights , did not use the hotel restaurants. Staff was friendly and helpful .

even though we were in Hong Kong for 3 days , I still chose the Novotel Citygate for its location and proximity. It did not disappoint .

i booked a one night stay at the Novotel Citygate on the Novotel website. I opted for an executive room package , which was aprox 1200 HKD per night. However , considering the fact that it included a breakfast buffet , the cost was not much higher than a regular room with breakfast .

novotel Citigate is the ideal hotel in Hong Kong if you want to be close to the airport. There is a shuttle bus from the hotel to the airport which runs every 15 minutes. This means that you can relax at the hotel , do some shopping at the Citigate Outlet Mall right next to the hotel , or even visit the Big Buddha as part of your final days in Hong Kong . The hotel is very clean , and convenient. It has a superb restaurant with a fantastic buffet that you must try. The Gym is great and in summer time go for a swim in the outdoor pool .

look no further if you need a hotel near the airport as it was much cheaper than the Regal Hotelattached to HKIA ; We had an 18 hour layover at HKIA so we had a great rest in the quiet ,comfortable and modern room then went up to Ngong Ping village in the morning ; The Cable car entrance is located about 400M from the hotel. The adjoining Citygate mall has a Test Supermarket in the basement floor opposite end of the mall as well as a Macdonalds,KFC , etc and various fast food and quick service restaurants open late. The free shuttle bus was efficient and runs every 15 minutes. Go to the Hotel shuttle counter B16 at HKIA to process your pick up .

this hotel by far is the best value for money in HK. I have stayed in lots of hotels in HK and this one is best value for money .

i travel to Hong Kong 3 or 4 times a year and have stayed in this Hotel on my last 3 visits and I 'm staying there again next week. It is in a great location , 5 minutes from the airport , which is a bonus whether you are arriving after a long flight or departing and wanting to leave it till the last minute .

the Novotel Citygate is located in Tung Chung , which is just outside of the Hong Kong International Airport on Lantau Island. The hotel itself is perched on top of the Citygate shopping mall , the Tung Chung bus terminal , the Tung Chung MTR subway station , and is a short walk to the entrance to the Ngong Ping 360 cable car venue. I stayed here for three nights in January and opted for a room on the executive floor .

this hotel is ideal for any travellers overnighting in Hong Kong. Less than 5 minutes from the airport , Novotel has all amenities and meets all needs. The value is very strong. The staff was friendly and efficient. And the convenience to the airport ca n't be beat , as the airport is a bit of a trek into central HK or Kowloon .

we stayed here for 4 nights in an Executive twin room. The hotel shuttle from the airport was easy , you go to desk A16 or B16 in the arrivals hall and are escorted to the shuttle. Just as easy going back , shuttle left the hotel every 15 mins .

stayed here one night so that we can get to the airport for an early flight. The hotel is 5 minute bus ride from the airport. You have to look for the counter that services the hotel , however , and the staff at the airport counter is not all that friendly. The hotel is very clean and modern , with efficient front desk staff. The hotel is connected to a small shopping mall with outlet stores and a food court and a large grocery store in the basement. The room was very nicely done with ultra modern no-wall bathroom - which seems to be the trend these days with hotels. The check out was also very efficient. The shopping mall has access to the subway so getting into Kowloon and HK should be easy .

hotel is located very conviniently close to Airport with Free shuttle and from subway .

we had one day and one night in Hong Kong so we booked the Citygate for its proximity to the airport. The hotel itself was great but the metro ride into the main city was a too long and crowded. The outlet shopping at the metro above the hotel was very average , not worth staying for the shopping .

shuttle bus not easy to find at the airport , but once we got to the hotel , everything went fine. Room was very modern with tinted glass walls on the shower and toilet. Outlet shopping center next door , with alot of shops and restaurants. Hotel is only some 5mins from the airport , very convenient !

our executive king was very nice , and the breakfast buffet was great. The adjacent shopping mall and cable car up to the giant Buddha were perfect for a quick stopover .

the hotel is connected to Citygate Outlet mall. A bit far to town but near Disneyland small . Near airport , shuttle bus to hotel is provided at the airport .

if you are stopping over or have only a short time in Hong Kong due to business then this is a perfect location. Less than 10 minutes from the airport , the hotel is directly next to a large shopping centre with an escalator from the lobby getting you there. There is also a subway station situated in the same complex. This makes it very convenient for a quick trip with no interchanges into the centre of Hong Kong - approx 30 minutes for HKD20 and is great if you want to stay away from the city .

we booked 2 nights in a King Suite on the 21st floor. The room included access to the Business Lounge also on the 21st floor. We were very impressed with the size of our room , the views from the room , and particularly , the hospitality and professional service provided in the Business Lounge. Afternoon tea was provided in the Business Lounge , offering small sweet treats , and coffee and tea. Pre-Dinner drinks were offered also in the Business Lounge , providing some savoury snacks , sweets , and wine , beer , soft drinks , and selected liqueurs .

we stayed here so we were handy to the airport as we flew in to Hong Kong for 48 hours before we went onto Taipei. We thought the hotel was really good value for money with excellent customer service , the hotel has a contemporary feel which was great not what we were expecting. Our room was large , modern and immaculate. We chose this hotel after reading the reviews on here and were very pleased , I had no idea a Novotel could be so wow. The hotel being next to a shopping outlet mall outlet open till late was a bonus for me maybe not for my partner though We went on the cable car to Lantau Island from here to. I wouldn â € ™ t recommend this hotel if you are doing a longer stay as it â € ™ s to far out from the hub of things although you can whizz to Kowloon etc on the MTR , we would rather step out of the hotel and just be there , hence when we returned to Hong Kong a week later we moved to the Luxe Manor and the Langham Place both of which were also excellent hotels

definitely the best pick for a hotel next to the HK airport. Luxurious rooms , a free shuttle service from and to the airport all for a nice price .

as I visit HK frequently , I had been to the Tung Chung outlet mall on a previous trip and therefore booked myself into Novotel Citygate which is literally attached to the mall ! !

wanted to stay close to the airport as we had an early morning flight. The hotel is about 5 minutes away by the free hotel shuttle bus .

it was my first time to stay in this hotel and I was surprised on how modern it looked. I stayed in a double twin sharing room , beds are comfortable and felt very clean. It 's beside/connected to the outlet mall which gives you easy access to great shopping deals on sale ! Also , it is very near Hong Kong disneyland and the cable car station if you want to go to Lantau island .

great hotel location , friendly nice staff , good service. Room , linens,etc.. so clean.We have pool view room .

we planned to bring the kids to HK Disneyland for the holidays. Since we have 3 active boys and a baby , we decided to forgo trips to downtown Hong Kong and concentrate with just Disneyland .

i stayed here recently and was most delightfully surprised by the quality of the rooms and service. Novotel , in my mind , has always been associated with basic service , adequate rooms , and bland decor. This hotel does not fit this picture. My room was very large , great decor , with a bathrrom/dressing room which stretched the entire length of the room. In addition , I had a gorgeous view of the water and mountains. The service was excellent. The front desk couldnt have been more helpful. In addition , the hotel is connected to the subway through a mall . Although this is really an airport hotel , it is very fast and convenient to HK. In addition , this location has some of the tranquility that HK lacks .

we stayed here overnight while waiting for an onward flight from Hong Kong the next day and I 'd definitely recommend this hotel .

stayed at Novotel Citygate for one night as had an early flight the next morning. The hotel was superb , modern , clean , good quality furnishing .Very helpful reception staff. It 's close to the airport , to the Tung Chung line into Central Hong Kong and for the cable car to Lantau fab trip The rooms were very nice if small and we wish we 'd had time to use the pool. Nice views of islands from upper floors .

as a regular business traveller this is one of the best and at the top of my list of stays that I frequent throughout the Asia Pacific region. It is well-located to HKIA and very convenient to HK Central and downtown areas via the MTR. The hotel excellently caters for the needs of the business traveller and also has one of the best restaurants i have found in my travels , offering a very different experience with mix of spanish/western and asian cuisines. The room are very comfortable and if you travel throughout asia , you will know how the beds are generally , but the Novotel again suits my needs. The pool is tremendous in a quite different enviroment to that of the noisy city. The facilities are first class .

i booked this at a last minute for an overnight stopover and choose this one for its proximity to the airport and its free airport shuttle and is certainly a lot cheaper than the in-airport hotel. Took a while to find the service desk at the airport for the shuttle bus - I think it 's in Terminal 1 , desk B16 .

was in Hong Kong for the rugby pity about the result . Great place close to the airport and MTR rail transport. Great shopping centre with outlets stores for all the main brands .

my wife and I stayed at the Novotel Citygate , Hong Kong , for 3 nights in October 2008. We 'd been planning a getaway to Hing Kong for some time , and had researched all the hotel reviews here on tripAdvisor before making our choice .

  Getting there : Super easy to get there. There 's a shuttle to and from the airport. We came into Hong Kong via ferry from Macau. The terminal has a subway station directly underneath. And the hotel has a station right outside , but you 'll have to walk through a shopping centre to get to the hotel. Still easy and hassle-free. Trains are easy to navigate in Hong Kong. Think Singapore or Paris. All signs in English too. We stayed one night in town after 2 nights at Citygate but we left our luggage so that we 'd get the free shuttle back to the airport. It saved us about SGD20 about 10 Euro per person rather than taking the airport express train from town .

this is a great hotel in a great location. It is a modern , up-market hotel and the rooms are very nice and well presented. The free shuttle bus only 5 mins from the airport and easy train ride to the city &amp ; tourist attractions make this very convenient for travellers .

stayed at the City gate in Hong Kong for 2 nights had a great time the food and service was fantastic and all the staff where very friendly and helpful .

we stayed on a one night stopover and the location was perfect. It allowed us visit the Ngong Ping sky gondola ride and shop at the Citygate factory outlets , all without having to catch transport. We stayed on the Executive Floor with private check in/out facilities and lounge/business facilities where the service was second to none. The rooms were modern and well appointed and when the TV did n't work they came and replaced it within the hour. Breakfast offered a wide range of international cuisine and we ate dinner at Olea Restaurant on the premises which we enjoyed. There is an airport shuttle that runs every 15 minutes for added convenience. Unlike other stopover locations this one has a real buzz to it and we wish we could have stayed longer .

this hotel is about a $ 40HK ride from the airport. They have a shuttle also , which runs every 15 minutes. The moment you walk into the lobby , you get a sense of the style that you are in for at this hotel. It is very contemporary and sleek. The room was great ! It was very stylish , with a very comfortable bed and floor to ceiling windows and a large flat screen tv. I had a bit of a hard time figuring out the light system in the room. I ordered the pizza from room service and it was pretty good and reasonably priced. There is a mall connected to the hotel with all kinds of shopping and restaurants. Also , there is public transportation that supposedly can take you downtown very quickly. I found the staff to be a bit cold , but overall , I think the hotel is a great choice for an overnight from the airport. It might even be a good choice for other areas if you take public transportation .

we really enjoyed our stay at Novotel Citygate , Tung Chung. The staff was very service minded and friendly and we got the impression that they were proud to work at the hotel. The hotel is perfectly located â € “ close to the airport , close to the underground station MTR every 8 min train to Hong Kong City , close to the outlet shops and close to the cable car to the Budda. If you travel with children , Disneyland is one station away. We sent several postcards and therefore we were happy to find a post office just outside the hotel .

this is the closest hotel to Hong Kong Intl Airport , so it is great if you have an early morning flight. Big , modern , clean , efficient , and very friendly hotel , right beside an excellent outlet mall called Citygate Outlets. Walking distance to the MTR which brings you to Hong Kong in about 20 minutes , and also very convevnient for Disneyland. Hotel is really first class , with good sized rooms , excellent restaurant , nice lobby bar with music , and very friendly and helpful staff. Hotel runs shuttle to and from airport , but you may have to wait a while particularly on arrival in Hong Kong. If you ca n't wait , a taxi will bring you to the hotel for around HKD 50 â ‚ ¬ 5 or so . Highly recommended .

stayed here with a friend around the olympic opening ceremony. Its location is the main reason we chose it - since we had an 8 a.m flight. The hotel has its own shuttle bus from the airport , which was very convenient for us. We did n't have any problem finding the hotel shuttle sign , but we did wait some 10 minutes until it actually took us to the hotel .

we wanted a comfortable hotel that was close to the airport. The Novotel served its purpose well. We booked a standard room only but found it fine for a 2 night stay with a nice bathroom and comfy bed. We didn â € ™ t have any problems catching the free shuttle to the hotel but agree with a previous reviewer that a taxi would have been a good alternative as the hotel is only 10 minutes drive tops .

to be honest when I booked in to this hotel I had just had 3 days at the Langham Place so anything was going to struggle to compare

stayed @ Novotel due late arrival of Nothwest flight @ 2300 and early departure @ 0820.Hotel bus picks up and drops off.Clean rooms , good swedish like decor,comfortable beds and good buffett.Attached to a &quot ; outlet mall&quot ; and metro to downtown hongkong is about 30 minutes .

we stayed here on our last night in Hong Kong and loved it .

my Husband I have just returned from Honeymoon in Hong Kong. We stayed at the citygate for 4 nights before we moved onto Thailand. The hotel is superb and would highly reccomend it to anyone ! We stayed in a suite on the 22nd floor. The room was huge and the bathroom was superb with a sunken bath complete with TV screen .

as we had an early flight out of HKG we chose to stay at the airport. Initially we 'd booked the Regal , which charges a premium as it is the only hotel AT the airport. Following some more research and a screwup with our Regal booking chose this place instead .

we stayed at the Novotel Citygate for business. .

booked this hotel as I need to fly off the next day for an early flight and the hotel is like 10 mins away from the airport. They do provide complimentary shuttle service to airport which is good .

for a quick stopover or for a bit longer , this hotel has a great vibe , trendy and chic. Fantastic Italian restaurant and the best buffet breakfast ever ! Cool bar and even has a pool. For a little indulgence the hotel is attached to a fantastic outlet shopping mall , designer stuff for 'oh so cheap'. You 'll never want to leave !

we chose this hotel for the reason it seemed almost everyone else staying there had chosen it...as a quick overnight stopover between flights .

stayed for one night at this hotel and it was great ! The room is comfortable , clean and affordable. An outlet mall is attached to this hotel , and there is a food court if you prefer to sample local food at a cheaper price , although the breakfast at the hotel is worth the money HKD118 per person . There is a free airport shuttle service that starts at 6am and it is less than 10-minutes away. The staff are friendly and helpful .

citygate Hotel Hong Kong good airport Hotel , in fact good Lantau Hotel. Stayed in there 3 nights. Got good deal online booking agent on Exc floor , so came with the usual perks , check in the Biz lounge free drinks of an evening , finger food , free internet , late check out 4pm if wanted etc etc .

the hotel was very nice , staff was very helpful. Location was excellent , if you do n't mind staying outside HongKong city proper .

we stayed at this hotel for a night in January whilst in transit from London to Saigon. All of the good things reported by previous Tripadvisor members duly happened. The airport transfer was very efficient and quick .

used this hotel as a stopover on our honeymoon. Very very short distance from the airport you can actually see the planes land and take off from our room with great detail and the hotel itself is modern and clean. We had our room upgraded into one of the executive level rooms on the top floor. Great view of the cable cars as they go into the mountains .

i chose to stay at this hotel due to the positive TripAdvisor reviews. The hotel lived up to expectations. It was clean , stylish , well located near the airport great for early flights and just steps away from the rail station that takes you downtown in 20 minutes. To get to the rail station you exit the hotel into the Citygate Outlet Mall major retailers have shops here and take the escalator down to the bottom floor. Easy !

this hotel is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel is modern and so are the rooms. We stayed for 10 nights and it was quiet and we slept soundly and the air con was quiet too. Enjoyed the outlook over the pool and the nice comfy bed. Staff are very courteous and quick to help. We did eat at the resturant and the food was delicious .

an excellent hotel for overnight stay when transiting through Hong Kong flights. The rooms were modern , clean , bright &amp ; airy. Everything works i.e. , air-conditioning etc . Service was very prompt , so I did not have to wait long for room keys .

we two adults and our five year old son stayed at the Novotel Citygate for a one night stopover between New Zealand and Belgium on 18 May 2008. The transfer to the hotel by shuttle was swift and friendly. We were let into our room by 9 : 30 am for which we were very grateful after a long flight. All our dealings with reception were courteous and friendly. The room was spacious allowing for a rollaway for our son , slightly puzzling in terms of design. One drawback is the integration of the bathroom into the room not for any privacy reasons but for the inconvenience of not having a separate area where the light could be switched on without having to disturb sleeping fellow travellers . Also , the water from the shower leaked into the room. The pool and garden area was lovely and peaceful. Another huge advantage is the City Gate mall with its shops and restaurants -- we had fantastic Vietnamese food at Deli Vietnam. There are huge residential apartment blocks adjacent to the hotel and we shopped at absolute bargain prices at the local small supermarket. The six o'clock shuttle the next morning took us back to the airport with plenty of time to check in for our 8 : 55 am flight on to London. We would definitely return .

my husband and I stayed at this hotel in April 2008. The hotel has a complimentary shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel which runs every 15 - 30 minutes. The hotel is a 7 minute drive from the airport. Rooms were spacious and extremely clean. Staff was polite and helpful .

i agree with the majority of the positve comments on this website , I have noted a few additional points below :

this is a great airport hotel and is only about 10 minutes from the airport. The hotel has a free shuttle from the airport which runs every 20 minutes. When you come through arrivals , turn to the right and go to the end , we gave our name in and within 10 minutes we were on the shuttle for the short trip to the hotel .

this is an excellent hotel , good value for money , and very handy for the airport. The rooms are big for HK compared with the Langham Place hotel we stayed at in Kowloon , which was expensive with small rooms . The Novotel provides a free shuttle service from the airport. When you come through arrivals , go to the B16 desk to the right. You are given a sticker and a staff member comes and collects you , walks you down to the bus with your luggage. Check-in and luggage delivery after a 5-minute journey was efficient. The hotel has a bad habit , however : even though I had pre-paid for accommodation on the net , the check-in receptionist wanted me to key in the PIN to my credit card. Taking an impression is fine with me. PIN ? No way. Rooms are pretty spacious ; the staff is helpful and friendly , although once you get to the door of your room , negotiating the electronic key system is a challenge. Best to wait for the bellman with your luggage. Same goes for turning on the lights. The light switch system is a little too complicated. The room is open plan with toilet and shower in cubicles behind thick smoked glass doors. Water tends to leak out of the latter causing a flood , and in our room the lock on the hand shower did not support the shower head. Also avoid the bath gel : it burns sensitive areas of the body !

as we were arriving into HK early in the morning we booked a room from the day before so that we could leave our cases and have a &quot ; wash &amp ; brush up&quot ; before going sightseeing. However when we arrived shortly after 7am we were told that our room would n't be available for an hour or so. I pointed out that we had booked from the previous day but that did n't make any difference. We decided to wait in the reception area and requested some complimentary refreshments to keep us going. That 's not possible we were told as the coffee shop was n't open , even though breakfast was being served in the restaurant .

just had one night here during flight Auckland to London and much needed break. Check in fast and accommodating , Room spotless and we could pull sliding door over the glass panel to the bathroom so that was n't an issue ! Piano playing around the reception and bar area and an excalator leads to the 3 or 4 storey Citygate Outlet Centre for whiling away a few hours with Levi Outlets , Timberland and the like plus a food court. Shuttle from airport took 15 mins to collect us but was only a 10 min ride away and early the next morning the 6.15 am transfer we 'd booked left on time and was at the airport in no time. Sleek , safe and easy stopover I would certainly use again .

i stayed at the Novotel on my layover back to the US from the Philippines and must say that the hotel was a wonderful end to my trip in Asia. The Olea restaurant downstairs served up nice Mediterranean food ; the room itself was well equipped with amenities and modern furnishings. I would absolutely recommend this for a stay near the airport or if you are going to Hong Kong for just a night or two .

very impressed with my stay at the Citygate Novotel. Admittedly I was fortunate to stay on the &quot ; Biz Floor&quot ; actually this is levels 21-23 in a King suite. Rate was pretty great at AUD $ 322 which included late checkout at 12 noon , turn down service , afternoon tea , cocktails AND breakfast .

a nice hotel , convenient for the airport but use their free shuttle every quarter of an hour as two taxi drivers got lost trying to find the hotel !

a great airport hotel.10 minutes from the airport a 22 story modern comfortable hotel dwarfed by 50 story apartment blocks around it is fine. Superior double $ 1250HK plus 13 % service with a free shuttle from the airport. $ 220US for room and breakfast for two. Excellent buffet breakfast including everything from smoked salmon to dim sum for $ 118HK plus 10 % . High speed internet in room for $ 40HK an hour , we are really spoiled in the US where it is free. Unique and weird glass window between bathroom and bedroom see picture allows one to sit in the tub and look through the glass and out of the room. 32 inch plasma widescreen with English news channels , hot water kettle , safe , hair dryer , iron , mini bar. Note you will need a British style three pronged adapter for 220v outlet in room not bathroom . A Shopping Center connected to hotel and short outside walk to gondolas that connect to Kowloon. This is an airport hotel , not a Hong Kong or Kowloon hotel .

the rooms in this modern hotel are of contemporary design and furnished to a very high standard. If you have pre-paid for the room , and don â € ™ t wish to provide credit card pre-authorisation as a deposit for using the mini-bar , they will lock it with a minimum of fuss. Room 1810 , a superior double , was spotlessly clean and had a user friendly desk with a bright light above for working , Alongside the large flat panel tv with a good range of satellite channels was a panel housing a range of video input sockets for the tv including a standard pc monitor port .

we stayed here for one night on our way to a cruise based on Trip Advisor feedback. We loved the hotel - the room was very modern , fully equiped , helpful staff , and wish we would have spent another night so we could go to Disneyland which is near ! Being connected to the shopping center was wonderful which enabled us to go to supermarket and buy large sizes of toiletries for cruise. Only criticism was breakfast buffet where food was just okay. Although we knew they had a free shuttle from airport to hotel , I still emailed hotel and got a nice response immediately with complete directions and a map of counter in airport. We highly recommend this Novotel. When we go back we will stay here as it is on subway line and could take in to city easily .

very modern hotel located 10 minutes drive from the international airport. We had been to Hong Kong 6 months previously so did not really want to go into the downtown area again. You could go into the city quite easily and quickly as the subway is so efficient and still return to this hotel if you wanted. We were only staying one night and then leaving early next morning for our onward flight .

we used this hotel as our base for our 10 days exploration of the HK islands. Located on the beautiful Lantau island this hotel is perfectly connected to most interesting places. It is a mere 30 minutes trip to Kowloon or HK via MTR. There are plenty of buses from the nearby station to drive you around with easy access to harbors for inter islands connections or key access to the Lantau trail. The NP360 had just reopened when we were there and we were happy to use it on day 1 .

we chose this hotel for its proximity to the airport as we had an early flight on our way home and this hotel operates a shuttle service .

we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel. I would like to share our experience with the honesty and efficiency of the hotel staff. Withouth realizing it , my daughter accidentally left her new iPod shuffle in our room after we checked out. The cleaning staff promptly turned it over to their supervisor who in turn contacted the front desk. The front desk called my residence in the Philippines to inform me of the incident. Fortunately , I was still in Hong Kong and was able to retrieve my daughter 's iPod. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel 's honesty and the great effort they took in ensuring that our property was returned. Aside from this , we were impressed with the hotels cleanliness and efficiency. Thanks ! !

we stayed at the Novotel Citygate for a night on our way back home from Shanghai. Since the Novotel Citygate is a five minute free shuttle from the airport we thought it would be nice to take it easy for a day before boarding and we were absolutely right. The hotel is new and well maintained , it is a tourist hotel as strange as it may sound but again , you 've got an underground station next to the hotel and you are less than 30 minutes away from downtown. The rooms are tidy and the personnel helpful. Also , there is a great outlet mall connected to the hotel with all sorts of brands New Balance , Nike , Timberland , Nautica , Adidas , Ralph Loren , etc... . Book it on the Novotel web site , it is the cheapest way and if you want to take the risk of waiting until a few days before your stay to book it you could get an executive floor room for the price of a simple room .

stayed at Novotel Citygate 16th Dec- 21 Dec .

excellent hotel .

this is our second time to stay in the same hotel. The location of this hotel is very convenient to the stop-over travelers , it is much better than the one Regal Airport Hotel . We bought a day pass for HK $ 50 , that we can take the MTR to the city , which is only a 30min ride. As this hotel is new and modern , good service and the convenient transportation , this is still our first choice when we stop-over in HK .

this is a lovely hotel which for an airport hotel has a good location ! They provide a free transfer from the airport to the hotel and back again in a minibus , though it is not advertised there is a desk in the arrivals hall which you need to ask at .

this is a great hotel for the traveler in need of a place to stay for a layover .

like other reviewers , our 5am wake up call did n't happen. Lucky we had set the alarm in the room , so no harm done .

a great hotel for a stop over , exhibiting at the nearby exhibition centre or if you do n't need to stay in the city .

it 's a shame to let the secret out but this hotel is fabulous !

very close to airport , staff kindly checked me in very early and after I freshened up pointed me in the right direction to the main centre. There is a 4 storey outlet mall attached and MTR right next door. 20minutes and in Kowloon. Room was unexpectedly ample , well fitted out and great value .

i needed a place to crash for a night in Hong Kong between flights. This was the lowest-priced hotel near the airport. It is unelievably elegant and modern. It is also beautiful. A free shullte bus runs from Hong Kong Airport 's Terminal 2 to the hotel every 15-20 minutes. I caught one just waiting for me. We were in the hotel 10 minutes later .

this hotel takes the idea of designer rooms to the annoying extreme. The toilets and shower doors open straight into the room. There is a glass pillar right in the middle of the room , that you have to go around all the time. Because it is both so absurdly located and made of glass that you can see through , it fails to register in the brain and you keep discovering it over and over again right at the center of the room , like a nightmare in an endless loop. Need to connect to electricity ? Well good luck finding it hint : it 's hidden in the table . I have stayed in 'creative ' hotel rooms before , but this one , whoever designed it needs to be locked away .

this hotel is a short trip from the airport and a free shuttle was available. The rooms are spacious , clean and modern. The staff are attentive and efficient. Great place for a no-fuss transit stop through Hong Kong .

there are plenty of good comments about this hotel already posted here on Trip Advisor .

we stayed for two nights in the Novotel Citygate. We were in town for an event at Asia World Expo and figured the Citygate would be a good option as it was close to both the airport and venue .

this is a great Hotel for late/early flights .

fantastic Hotel , rooms are great , highly recommend for a nights stopover in Hong Kong , or longer if you want. Easy access to the MTR , adjacent to the Citygate Factory outlet , and close to Disneyland and the Big Buddha .

the 3 minute ride from the airport is a bonus. I used this hotel a number of times in August whilst transiting into Asia. The hotel is typical Novotel , clean , well appointed and geared towards the business traveller. Even though it 's a great hotel due to it 's location to the airport , it also sits next to a train station. It 's a 30-40 minute ride into the city so a quick shopping trip before the next flight is possible. If you do n't want to travel into the city , the hotel sits on a major three level shopping centre with restaurants , cafe 's , a supermarket , clothes stores , electronics and also a few outlet stores with name brands about 50 % off. A perfect stopover hotel .

five minutes away from the airport and all we could want in a hotel ! This hotel provides something for every weary traveler who may be using Hong Kong as a short stop .

we stayed here for two nights and were thrilled with our accommodations. I had booked via the hotel 's website , which was the cheapest I could find anywhere. When I checked in , they upgraded me from a queen jr suite to a king jr suite on the 22nd floor. The room was absolutely fabulous. Everything was very modern , tons of closet space , a large bed with a huge plasma tv mounted on the wall , and floor to ceiling windows with a fantastic view. The bathroom was absolutely my dream bathroom , with a step down large shower and bench inside , separate toilet compartment , and huge jacuzzi soaking tub. There was even a tv built into the wall with surround speakers so you could soak and watch tv .

this was an absolutely beautiful hotel. We booked last minute , wanting a hotel near the airport , and could n't have asked for more. The restaurant was stellar , the rooms gorgeous and the view just beautiful. Highly recommend !

best airport hotel I have ever been to .

i stayed here for one night at the beginning of july. What a great , clean , hip , and modern hotel. As soon as I walked into the huge lobby , I knew I was in for a treat. The room was beautifully decorated , and the bed very comfortable. It is so close to the airport , and the free shuttle was nice. Its attached to an outlet mall , with theatres , stores , and restaurants .

vey good hotel , new , clean , kid of design. The service however was rather average - plenty of people but not effciient. The restaurant is NOT to be reccomended : the food is not very good and not very fresh and the service is terrible : slow and inefficient .

love the physical property. You could n't ask for better ! It is right near the airport , there is a mall attached with a great supermarket etc. The rooms are small yet very well appointed and CLEAN. I found the staff extremely average. If you have a customer service need they do n't seem to understand ANYTHING VERY WELL .

this is a great hotel for an overnight stop but also offers more if you want to stay a few days away from the noise and bustle of Victoria Island or Kowloon. The Novotel Citygate is five minutes from the airport on Lantau Island by free minibus which runs every 30 minutes. Check at desks A16 or B16 in the airport arrival halls. The hotel is new with very modern good sized rooms well fitted out with bar fridge , widescreen TV and tea and coffee making facilities. There is also a safe , iron and board and a hair dryer. They also supply a neat power plug adaptor kit - you can buy one for youself at the front desk. Rooms are very quiet and have nice views. There are two resturants , but ca n't comment on these as I only had breakfast which was very good. An out-door pool and gym are also available. The hotel joins the Citygate shopping mall which is full of factory outlet shops.Thru the mall is the cable car to Ngong Ping village and the Po Lin Monastary with a huge mountaintop bronze Buddha. Well worth the ride. Also in the mall is the Tung Chung MTR station. The ride into central Hong Kong takes 30 minutes. You can also take the MTR to nearby Disneyland.There is a bus station at the end of the mall near the cable car terminal where bus tours are available to the quiet beaches and small fishing villages around the island .

i flew from Auckland to Hong Kong and wanted to stopover before travelling on to London .

truly brilliant. The best hotel I 've stayed at in its class. Totally brilliant , coouldt not fault it in any way. Flawless. cheap , yet 5 star looking. Great views , just near the airport... I can not write enough good stuff about this place

very stylish , nicely appointed rooms that think of everything for the traveler. Perfect location for a quick layover in HK. Good amenities. Great night 's sleep. Buffet has wide variety of excellent food. Very easy access by free shuttle. We have stayed there twice in the last year and would recommend highly .

i wanted to go to the airport and boarded the van bound for the airport after enquiring from the Concierge as well as the driver. Both confirmed that the van was bound for the airport but I was taken to the Expo instead !

i stayed in Hong Kong at this hotel for five nights at the beginning of May 2007. The Novotel is right &quot ; out of the wrapper&quot ; . It is a very new hotel located near the airport. This is the major issue. Although it is on a metro line Tung Chung line , it is the very last stop on the line. You are looking at a healthy walk through the mall to the metro station and then a solid 30 + minutes to make it to Hong Kong central station where all of the action is .

great hotel , with clean modern public spaces and bedrooms. Very handy and reliable shuttle bus service to the airport 5 minutes drive . Would also recommend the good sized pool and the hotel restaurants .

stayed at this hotel for 1 night in between HKG flights. What a great property. Upon arrival at HKG I proceeded to B16 this is important as shuttle service not clearly marked . After a 5 minute waitl I was escorted to the complimentary shuttle. Check in was by a very pleasant reception clerk. I had requested a non-smoking room , but to my dismay the room reeked of smoke. This was cordially rectified by the reception staff and I was given another room .

i booked the hotel for one night in Hong Kong and due to the short stay wanted a location near the airport. I have to say this is one of my best airport hotel expereinces .

stayed here for one night in april due to close proximity to airport

booked this as needed something close to the airport. We were pleasantly surprised that it was better than any other Novotel we 'd stayed in and rooms were bigger than normal for HK .

i booked this hotel for my Summer trip. After that I found out that my aging parent ticket has a restriction to not allow overnight in HK .

stayed here twice in the course of a week while having to overnight in Hong Kong. Very close to airport and a very nice hotel , but a bit expensive and overpriced for what you get. The rooms are very cool and the bathroom is integrated into the room with a clear column/stand separating them. Have n't seen a hotel quite like it before , but its a cool design .

because I was flying out of Hong Kong International Airport on an early morning flight , I made a reservation at the Novotel Citygate for one night. This hotel was a great surprise ! Clearly a very new hotel , it was filled with trendy decor and great service. The hotel is very conveniently located near a subway stop and near the airport. I took the subway to the hotel and the hotel 's free airport shuttle the next morning .

i needed a hotel for one night in Hong Kong - getting in late 9pm and leaving 12 hours later ! Hotels in Hong Kong are more expensive than in some other Asian cities like the amazing deals in Bangkok but I wanted the easiest option possible - and I thought I 'd take the advice in ju123 's helpful review .

we booked a 2 night stay in a Superior Queen room for Jan18. We decided on this hotel to avoid the long trek out and back to the city for just 2 nights , and to try to use the cable car lift to the monastery .

having already had 5 nights on Hong Kong island and following a 10 day tour of China , we found ourselves back in HK for one night prior to a flight to Singapore .

like a review from another traveller - they forgot my wake up call , I quickly packed and ran to lift , ran throught the foyer and jumped in the first taxi I could find , I was very lucky being the last person to check in for a london bound flight .

we stayed here on a 24hr stopover in HK. We took the free shuttle from the airport every 30 min from desk B16. The room was excellent. The best Novotel I have stayed in ! The adjacent shopping centre is outlet stores which were great , but do n't open until 10-11am. We were promptly upgraded when we showed our Accor card. Free fruit bowl and water etc was a nice touch. The bed was huge and very comfortable. The view was nice. We were also given late checkout. We caught the shuttle back to the airport in the morning , checked in for our flight , then caught the airtrain into HK for the day. Very highly recommended Hotel .

this was our first stop on a two month around the world trip. This is a beautifully new and stylish hotel. The lobby is stunning and I would stay here again. We did encounter some problems however .

like many travellers I probably picked this hotel due to its vicinity to the airport. However the friendly staff , efficient service , excellent restaurants and imaculate rooms meant I would make this one of my hotels of choice when in Hong Kong .

my wife and I had a 2 day stopover at the Novatel early in November and were delighted. I have stayed at the hugely over-priced airport Regal and the Novatel is a very attractive alternative .

very good airport hotel , 10 minutes taxi ride from the terminal or you can take the free shuttle . Modern and quiet rooms , excellent bathroom , good service. The kitchen of the restaurant closes to early for a hotel dedicated mainly to travellers .

this is the ideal airport stopover hotel ! We had a VERY short stay at the Novotel Citygate , due to a luggage problem , but really wished we could have stayed longer. We found the airport shuttle bus desk really easily - B13 in a group of stands for all the hotel shuttles. It runs every half hour , on the quarter if you miss one , it 's only 40 HK dollars to get there by taxi anyway . Check-in was very efficient and the very modern-style room was absolutely wonderful. Large bathtub , big fluffy towels and robes , lots of free bath oil etc , and the most comfortable bed. People have talked about the window into the bathroom - which had concerned me a little - but you can pull a big door across it for total privacy .

stayed on-route to China and on the way back to the UK .

we have a high opinion about this hotel .

great view , v. nice room but avoid the 20th floor if you can .

only 5 minutes from the airport , we booked a suite as the price was so good. Were taken straight up to the louge for check in .

this hotel is at the Citygate shopping centre in Tung Chung , on Lantau Island , only 5 mins drive from the airport about $ 60 HK taxi . There is a free shuttle to the airport every half hour. From our room we could see the Ngong Ping Skyrail which goes up to the Giant Buddha Tian Tan Buddha statue. The hotel is upmarket Novotel with the Chinese touch .

