we stayed at the Olympic Terrace Suites for 3 weeks in July and August this year. With a 10 year old son and a 15 year old daughter , the three bedroom suite was ideal. There was plenty of room to ensure that it was n't claustrophobic and the kitchen facilities albeit limited allowed us to cook a few meals. There 's a great little bakery round the corner - ask for Baw Lo Yau - pineapple buns with butter - delicious. There were hot weather warnings whilst we were there , but the air con was effective in keeping us cool. Unlimited supplies of bottled water were welcome , and I do n't think I 've ever taken so many showers in my life !

i have nothing to comment about the condition of the suite as expected only a 3 star standard but i have something to say about the attitude of the staffs manning the reception .

if you want to experience Hong Kong the way the locals do then this is the place for you. It is a modern skyscraper situated in the middle of many broken down dilapidated buildings. Not too many tourists around here but that makes it special. Our family of 5 were met with many stares and greetings as we walked the 5 blocks to the train station each day. And the people are really friendly. I was amazed at how safe we felt even at 11pm .

we are a family of four. It is almost impossible to find a hotel that will allow all of us to stay in the the same room. Well , I found it here - a 3 bedroom , 2 bath &quot ; serviced&quot ; apartment. And it was a great price - about HK $ 1200 per night ! Conviniently located between two MTR lines. Dim sum 2 blocks away. Several bakeries a couple more blocks away. They made for inexpensive , filling breakfasts .

we stayed three nights in December 2007 , on a stopover from Australia to Europe. We booked this hotel based on its good price , as we were travelling on a budget. We got a one-bedroom apartment with a kitchen , bathroom and lounge all rooms quite small . Stayed on the 19th floor so had great views from all our rooms .

i found the hotel through a travel and hotel website but eventually found a better rate through their website .

my husband and I are pretty fussy about our sleeping space. And finding good accomodation for under 650 is n't easy in Hong Kong. Olympic Terrace is a clean and basic hotel , which feels more like a tiny rented apartment. We pretty much had a comfortable affordable stay - the only down side was the damp smell in the kitchen and having no cleaning service. The friendly personel at the front desk was a major plus as this is n't common in Hong Kong. As for the area it is a good place to stay that 's if you are ready to &quot ; mingle&quot ; with the locals and happy to stay in downtown. The bonus... it is only a 3min walk to the nearest MTR. Vist the supermarket at the Dragon Centre between 19h00 and 20h00 and you will find a big selection of discounted sushi ! !

we , a family of 9 , stayed here for 3 weeks around end of March , beginning of April. We had a 3-bed and a 2-bed apartments on the 23rd floor .

we just came back from a 4nights stay in this apartment from 29 Mar till 1 Apr 2008 .

we stayed at the Olympic Terrace Suites whilst on a lay-over stop between Australia and UK .

we just came back from a 4 days stay in Hong Kong and we had a nice time staying in Olympic Terrace Suites. The hotel is clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. My two boys simply love the 3 rooms suite facing the sea. Getting to and fro from the hotel was no issue. The nearest MTR Sham Shui Po Exit C is less than 10 minutes walk. So hitting down to any part of Hong Kong was not an issue and walking from the MTR station to the hotel in the night , do n't worry it is safe .

some of the reviews here make this place sound like a bit of a dump but I 'm glad I took more notice of the latest reviews which have been positive. My stay for 2 nights over the Chinese New Year weekend resulted in a good experience as long as you 're not expecting too much .

although the location of the suites is n't on the main tourist drag of Tsim Sha Tsui , it is on the same MTR Line Tsuan Wan Line so the journey takes 9 minutes and the trains run very regularly I never waited more than 4 minutes . I actually quite welcomed the location of these suites as Sham Shui Po is much less touristy and is part of the 'real ' Kowloon .

we stayed at Olympic Terraces on 10th Oct 07 to 14th Oct 07. It is located in Sham Shui Po â € “ which is also the nearest MTR station .

we are a family of 4 - 2 kids 11 and 13 from Australia - and stayed here for a week in Oct 07. We loved it - great for a family - both kids had their own bedroom so they could go to bed when they liked , good bathroom with plenty of hot water , pleasent kitchen and lounge room - yes all rooms were small but perfectly acceptable and much better than being in one or two rooms in a hotel. Overall was very clean and well furnished in a bright casual way , light and airy , rooms cleaned and towels changed daily , good internet and laundry on level 1 , cable TV , reasonable air conditioning but could also open windows. We were on the 19th Floor so street noise etc was minimal. Was very like the photos on the many web sites we found photos on. Very interesting views - beautiful at night. Quick and easy to get to anywhere in HK on the excellent MTR service. 10 minutes interesting walk to nearest MTR station Sham shui Po , then 10 minutes on train to Star Ferry area. Interesting residential working class/ market area , with interesting fresh food and street markets selling clothes , jewellery etc to locals. Staff were helpful with directions , taxis etc. We always got a taxi back if late , as I didnt feel comfortable on the MTR late at night after about 9.30pm - from Star Ferry area taxi was about $ 50HK- reasonable. Certainly would stay here again - thankyou .

it was our first trip to hongkong. As we consist of 3 families total 6 adults + 2kids , we had a hard time searching thru the net for the best deal. We finally found Olympic , and thanks to them , we went back with a great impression of hongkong ! ! !

spent 5 nights over New Year. Almost what we expected having read the previous reviews. If you want luxury DONT GO. If you just want to get your head down during a busy sightseeing schedule you may be able to tolerate it. Be careful when booking. I booked with Expedia and they allocated a 2 bed Appartment with 3 beds for 4 of us. We would not have managed if I had not spotted it. Be careful getting out of bed. if you get out the wrong side you will go out of the window. The kitchen existed but there was not a knife , fork or plate in the place.Towels the size of hankerchieves were changed daily. The microwave and fridge did work OK. The area is extremely Chinese and appears poor. People in general cant speak English in that area but tried and were friendly. It was about 15 minutes on th MTR tube and the transport system in HK must be the best in the world. You can get anywhere really easily. Dont use Olympic MTR , walk out of the front door , turn right and immediately up the busy road that is first right Kwelin street and you will come to the Station within 10 minutes Sham Shui Po .

avoid this place at all cost. Upon check-in I was given a single room instead of the double I booked , the towels were dingy , toilet is stained , and the sheets smell like the last visitor. It 's 12 : 30am in the mourning and I â € ™ m on my computer booking another hotel because after killing one roach and seeing another come from under the bed I cant sleep and I definitely wont be turning off the lights tonight. The worst ever ! ! !

we returned from Hog Kong last week which is well worth a visit. The people are friendly and welcoming and there is plenty to do. The Olympic Terrace Suites , where we stayed , was a tower block wedged into older buildings in an industrial area to the north of Kowloon right on the edge of the new territories according to the map so a lot further from the main tourist activities of Hong Kong and Kowloon than we had imagined. For a family of 5 experiencing Hong Kong for the first time the location was a bit of a shock initially. This largely industrial area was devoid of English speakers but not at all threatening if you exclude the taxi and bus drivers who ignore red lights at crossings. The welcome by a non english speaking porter/security guard was the most scary he was very kind and helpful because we were not sure what we were getting in to as we checked in at 9pm after our long flight from Sydney. The apartment it transpired had only 3 beds and two bathrooms instead of the kitchen we were expecting. There was a table and large refrigerator but no appliances only a TV and old fashioned noisy aircon units for each area. The view of tennis courts , as depicted on their website , is largely obscured by the freeway flyover which runs parallel to the street. The rooms were clean and very basic. We were too tired to argue and the kids needed sleep so one child slept on the sofa. We were offered a folding bed the next day but that was broken. I got the feel that if you were a longer staying customer you would possibly have had a good deal out of this place but for a short stopover I would not reccomend the Olympic Terrace Suites .

