having been to several Hotels and Hotel Restaurants during my wedding holidays , this is my favourite. The room we stayed in was beautiful , everything you could possibly need , including the toothbrushes. The food at the bistro , the Panda Cafe , was great , the staff friendly and helpful , and the food in the upstairs at the Balcony was also superb , try the pigeon .

overall I had a great experience staying here for 4 nights. The room size might be a little small once we had our extra bed in but it is still okay. The hotel provides free shuttle bus to the main downtown area or you can take their MTR subway , which has a station about 5-minute walk from the hotel. The hotel starts from the 3rd floor of the building and the first three floors are shopping complex , which is convenient for those shopaholics. Prices here are comparatively cheaper than you 'll get in downtown area .

i stayed at this hotel when I had to fly out of the Hong Kong Airport 3 times on my recent trip. First the Airport bus to this hotel is infrequent and does not always leave one time since there are little travelers going to hotels in the NT. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful enough. I had to check my bag there a few times while on trip and had no problems with that .

my husband and I got a great rate on the rooms at the Panda hotel , which was the only thing that made it worth the price. Very little is included in the room rate. Our room was small , but very clean and comfortable aside from the strange rainbow-colored carpet. The lobby is beautiful , and the panda theme is quite cute .

reasonable price , good location for finding food at night , friendly staff. Kids are still missing it after years. : -

booking :

had a great experience. Check in was easy. Room was big and comfy. Washroom really clean and sanitzed. A/C is cold. No free wifi but was able to find some free Wifi through other buildings. Location is about 25-30 mins by car to Mongkok or TST area. I didnt mind it cause the MTR is less than 5 mins away and its convenient. The hotel offers free shuttle bus to and from Mongkok area. I got a great last minute deal of less than $ 50 USD per nite. Will be going back to stay again .

ok,

i know Panda Hotel from TripAdvisor 's reviews , and when I checked the hotel official website , they were currently offer long stay package which make the room price really economical .

we stayed there from October 25 - 28 , 2009 our room was located in the 15th floor on the first room left side of the elevator... It was such a nice experience we had a spacious room with a living and mini bar/kitchen area were we were able to unpack and prepare our takeaway from the restaurants outside I must say they are complete with everything ; with 2 separate rooms in one room with 2 bathrooms both having bath tubs perfect after a long tiring day of walking and running around the city... i think they just refurnished the carpet and there are ongoing renovations... I loved how the front desk would accommodate your needs ; though I hated one lady who would reprimand their clients while in the lobby for example in eating or sleeping while waiting for others to com and cleanliness is good though the room smells like smoke that 's the down side. What I love about it was attached or has a shopping mall the panda place were we were able to roam around not go far from our hotel for it is within the hotel safe too ! though its location is in tsuen wan quite far from the main areas like Kowloon still we had fun many food stalls are located nearby if you just look around... just across the hotel is a mall too with a store of phone cards in case you needed one the guy was really helpful and very honest when asked questions no joke... its nice to stroll around at night and see the streets come alive in this part of Hong Kong. quite peaceful and not really super crowded around 6pm onwards... pretty safe to me. they their own tour arrangements at the lobby if you want to have a tour etc just inquire... the hotel is complete with amenities from fitness to restaurants though the lobby is in the 3rd floor still its okay... though the view that you could see form you room window are the residential buildings that 's the only view you could see including the high way... loved my stay there i hope they open up a branch somewhere near Kowloon. I 'd love to come back ! â ™ ¥

got a big nice room on 12 floor non smoker , big kingzizebed , bathroom and small table with chairs , nothing to complain about , very nice

i was initially booked into this hotel by Cathay Pacific for a layover and since returned for two more short stays. The rooms are good , well-designed layout , clean and comfortable. The rooms on the Executive floor are highly recommended ! I found staff at least helpful to very accommodating and the place is definitely a good value for money. Good room service and excellent breakfast buffet. the only drawback is the location which is a good half hour from the airport .

it 's not convenient area to access to the town , in the quite isolated area like where we are in Hong Kong ? .. .

overall good value for what you get - it 's located in Tsuen Wan which is ~ 30 minutes from TST by subway. The rooms are standard size , clean , and the amenities are well kept. Staff is friendly and helpful. Tsuen Wan is a residential town but has a lot of good places for food and shopping. Will stay again after stayed there twice before ! .

this hotel is kind of old , but they are doing some innovations. I really like the laundry room , they give you tokens to do 1 load of laundry per day .

okay , it 's not in a central location but I have to say , this hotel is fantastic value. And , the staff is extraordinary. They have done everything in their power to ensure I have been happy during my stay , which will be nearly 2 weeks when I check out. I am writing this review from my room now , I am on an Executive Floor- the top floor of the hotel , after getting upgraded. There was nothing wrong with my first room , which I thought was great , except some plumbing issues and the staff immediately upgraded me for the duration of my stay the value of the new room is now 2x that of the old room . On the lower level the rooms have large sized refrig , microwave , coffe station , full sized desk , table , 2 chairs , wardrobe , armoir... the rooms are huge ! On the executive floor the room has been designed in modern form , with a flat screen tv , king sized bed , chair and ottoman , and work station. All the rooms have in-room safe and wireless internet is available for a fee $ 100HKD a day or $ 400 a month . There is also an Executive Club Room on the 30th floor of the hotel , with city views , lounges , internet , newspapers etc .

great value for double room , room was very big , beds were very comfy and pillows comfy. rooms were very clean and great cleaning staff. Walkway to the MTR a 15 minute walk , local shops and restaurants. close to major mall with grocery store. very safe at night coming back late night. Free shuttle to TST and pickup

been to hongkong a lot of times. panda was recommended to me by a friend.Since i heave n't stayed in the new territories are , i decided to try it. The lobby was under renovation when we checked it. On top of that i had requested my travel agency to book a king or queensize bed since i was travelling with my boyfriend. reception said they did not receive the request so they offered to put the twin beds together...i just agreed because they were full , according to reception so i did not really have a choice but to agree...very uncomfortable bed , nothing at all romantic. The only nice thing about the hotel was the showers . good water pressure and hot. But if i was given a choice again in the future would rather stay in another hotel. Staff was not that friendly anyway... wondered y they were full ? ? But if you just want a place for sleeping and shopping. hotel is ok. A place just to sleep with no great expectations

we stayed there before heading off to Langham Place. The Panda Hotel is value for money. It has generic rooms , but I love it 's location , but I 'm not talking about its proximity to all those tourist spots because it 's not. It 's out of the way and far , I know , but it 's near or in a residential area. It 's quite nice to see people 's daily lives. There 's a basketball court outside which can be seen from our room , and several apartments/condos .

my third stay in Hongkong , stayed here for 4 nights. After several second thoughts about the location of this hotel because of the reviews here , it turned out to be a great one. Truly a value hotel with 4 star quality. We had a convenient and most enjoyable stay so far plus shopping !

  day stay in Panda Plus room which in reality is a double room with a Queen sized bed and a last minute camp bed installed for the three of us. OK , this place is getting a bit old by standrads and some areas still need refurbishing but overall , the deal we got with FREE buffet breakfast and having all the extra facilities available to us , including bathroom with shower AND bath , microwave , tea making , 27 channel TV , pool , over zealous air conditioning , was good value. Hotel has a free shuttle bus service every hour there and back for most of the day and night , down to Kowloon + Mong Kok average travel time about 20 minutes . Good all round facilties outside the hotel include all the fast foods and 7-11 's you could name. Choice of 2 MTR stations , 7 or 10 minutes walk either way not that we needed them with the shutle bus connections and airport coach door to door is $ hk100 at time of writing. Good concierge service. Pool closed in Typhoon warning times even if at level one with blistering heat and sunshine . Breakfast , although plentiful , gets a bit repetitious and this is about the only area that let 's the place down , due to the fact that no matter what time you attend your 1st meal of the day , 6am to 10.30am , there is ALWAYS something empty. Be it the fruit juice server or one of the food selection baine marie bins. On top of which , if they run out of butter pats , you will always get the replacements , straight out of what appears to be the coldest freezer system on earth. 20 minutes to thaw butter out for your toast is not funny. Oh , and the piped music will drive you crazy when the track 's get stuck on one parody. ; - Would I stay there again ? Quite probably as the overall enjoyment of having just that little bit more of what could be expected from a similar downtown establishment , exceeded the little disappointments we found along the way. This was our 2nd stay in HK from England. Airport to hotel shuttle bus , $ HK100 one way. About 30 mins if you 're the only drop off. 27th floor is a no smoking one and with reasonable views. Away from traffic noise and noticeably good soundproofing between rooms either side.. Does have mediocre speed wI-fI for internet but locked to subscription of hotel and subsequently , expensive to use .

located in the middle of Kowloon , but away from the main hong kong business area , good location for business travellers .

i stayed four nights in a &quot ; Deluxe&quot ; -room and enjoyed my stay. The room was newly refurbished , clean and big enough. It was also located on the &quot ; Executive floor&quot ; , which was very nice and peaceful. I disliked only the distance between the Panda Hotel and central Hong Kong. &quot ; Tai Wo Hau&quot ; MTR station is only 5-10 minutes walk from the hotel but the MTR ride takes some time and might be quite exhausting especially during peak hours .

panda Hotel , located at Tsuen wan , New territories Hongkong,... 20 minute walk from the nearest mtr... wear your most comfy footwear .

the Panda hotel is a great location between the airport and business center. It is close to the subway transit. Hotel has a great restraunt with great food and service. Mall is located under the hotel. Rooms are extremely small and only use twin beds. Very crowded for 2 people .

panda Hotel my second time i stayed in panda for even do quite far in the central its ok

i got a 'stay 3n pay 2n ' deal so I stayed in their 'Panda Plus ' room at the Panda in February. With USD180 including breadkfast , all taxes and surcharges , I found it attractive esp. for a 4-start property in HK .

we stayed in the Panda Plus room for 3 nights and the room was clean and spacious. Pretty easy to get to the hotel from airport by taking bus A31 which cost you HK $ 17.80 per person .

enjoyed our two nights stay. Clean room and helpful staff .

we love the spaciousness and cleanliness of the room and facilities. Three of us had no problems sharing the room complete with our luggages. We also appreciate the fact that it is located a fair distance from the heart of Hong Kong - which meant that it was quiet and tranquil - perfect to rest and relax in after a long day of shopping and walking about .

booked the hotel through a travel agent in Singapore. Was expecting the hotel to be good from the photos of the hotel .

nice Hotel its a bit away for the centre of hong kong but still only about 15 mins. plus with it being at the start of the Tsuen wan line you 'll get a seat ! ! anyhow back to hotel , rooms clean , quick check in and out plenty of shops in hotel and near by. bit of a tip get off the train at tai wuo hou station. check which exit you need i think its A , you 'll see panda hotel over the road bit to the right. you ca n't miss it its got a massive panda painted on the side of it !

stayed in 2 bed Apartelle Suite with our 2 boys aged 16 and 7 had a wonderful stay. Suite was spacious and peaceful after the bustle of HK. Rooms clean and lovely comfy beds. We were really impressed with hotel pool and changing facilities. Used the MTR most days and enjoyed the walk back and to. Although hotel is situated outside tourist area , shopping precinct underneath hotel was useful for eating near to hotel on a couple of nights. Bakery on ground floor great for breakfast .

did n't like it a lot but enough to try it again if i have no other choice in future trips .

stayed in late August 2008 ; was expecting to be on executive floor since we had booked a 2bedroom suite they advertise the suites as part of their executive floor...so a bit misleading

satisfactory hotel in Hong KOng , nice staff , good food .

loved the Panda. We stayed on Executive floor , which I highly recommend. THe accommodations were more up to date , even though small. They adjoined a second room for us for our daughter , so having 2 rooms and 2 bathrooms with updated furnishings was lovely. The staff at Concierge desk at the Executive lobby were very helpful , even writing out directions for us in Chinese for the taxi drivers. We enjoyed the simple breakfasts and cocktail hours each day that came with staying on executive floor. We will be back .

panda Hotel 5th stay in 6 years

i had been staying in Hong Kong for two weeks , at a very expensive hotel. Then I extended for two days and decided to move somewhere cheaper , and to have a look at the new territories. Maybe the contrast between four star on the island and three star in the territories gave me a negative impression of the Panda .

h

i stayed in this hotel on a 4 day /3 night package .I was upgraded to a room on the 28 executive floor on arrival .The room was very nice , king size bed , Lcd screen ,very clean , clean bathroom with a very good shower .The buffet breakfast is excellent at about 110HK dollars . The gym is small but adequate , the surrounding area around the pool is not very attractive . Internet access wifi is extra at 40HK for an hour .Staff are courteous not really friendly as in smiling but if you look for advice or help they will oblige . The MTR is about 5-10 mins walk and that metro is excellent. It takes about 30 mins to get to the city . Overall I was very impressed

we have just returned from a 14 night stay at the Panda and have only good things to say about it !

  . The front office staff apart from being rude &amp ; unfriendly , also demanded US $ 300 per day per room before we avail any room services , which future guests may please note .

needed a well-priced hotel in Hong Kong as we would be staying there for a week for work. Honestly , we chose Panda because of its price - it seemed to have the best value .

the food were amazingly tasty... and the employees were friendly. i been working for 12 years in a hotel industry... and now working in the most famous ocean liner luxury ship in the world , please believe me when i say... &quot ; true service can only be defined by the great servers themselves..&quot ; so try them ! the good news is that i will be thre again this march 11 to join my ship cunard.. hepeeeeeeeee ! = joyner abbu QE2 CREW

i just came back from a 4d/3n stay in hong kong , panda hotel was suggested by a travel agent. It 's quite cheap but the room is old. I requested for a newly refurbished room instead I was given an old one , the last room on th 25th floor , so from the elevator i had to walk for 1.5 min to get to my room. The room is just ok , but clean , ref is sooo small. Some of the front desk staff is not approachable or at least doesnt look friendly. I especially didnt like one of the conceirge , he 's not helpful at all and very unpleasant at that , the management should teach the customer service staff to atleast smile or reply with a nod once a customer says &quot ; thanks&quot ; , or perhaps these people are just not so friendly with filipino guests , you 'd see the difference when they talk to american or european guests. That is just soooo wrong. But to be fair , some of the staff are helpful and pleasant , the hotel is within 30mins drive away from the airport. There are a lot of restaurants and snack bar in the area. They provide free shuttle ride to downtown hongkong , bus driver is friendly , free wireless internet acces in the lobby. Although the vicinity is not recommended to tourists who are into enjoying the view , the hotel is sorrounded with old rusty buildings , though it 's safe to walk around. I regret to have not chosen a hotel in kowloon,

we stayed in Kowloon because Hong Kong was too expensive. We are glad we did. The lobby staff spoke English. The bed was comfy. The room was quiet. The area the hotel is located in was convenient to the subway and right near the big market - great shopping - cheap restaurants - nice covered walkways elevated kept us dry and out of the street when walking to the subway. Wifi works in the lobby. They have a cheap bus that takes you right from the hotel to lots of Hong Kong &amp ; Kowloon destinations. Would stay there again ! Took the train to Guangzho - really cool to see real Chinese countryside - and a breeze to get into the mainland. just do n't let anybody at the train station , at customs or the airport offer to take your bags - they 'll charge you for a 25-yard journey and confuse the hell out of you - acting like they 're all official and such also - if you 're American looking you have a sign on you that says &quot ; please yell at me in an effort to get me to buy what you 're selling - the louder the better&quot ; .

the whole family stayed here for 2 ngihts , we had occupied 4 rooms. Panda hotel is located at 3 Tsuen Wah Street , Tsuen Wan , Kowloon , Hong Kong. You can easily spot the hotel because of the mural of a panda painted on its exterior wall. The first and second floor of the buidling was a shopping center , you could do your last minute shopping here where you can find clothes , colognes , shoes and a lot more. They have an outdoor swimming pool at the 8th floor , we have n't got the chance to try the water because the weather was cold I think because it 's still winter. The size of the room was ok but the furnitures are quite old , the room was not so appealing because of its neutral color. The toilet and bath are excellent , they have a bath tub with shower. The toilet and bath room looks clean because of its white color. We have n't encountered any problem with their service , it 's just that some of them do n't understand English. We went to Mongkok and from Mongkok we took the MTR , took off at the Tsuen Wah Terminal and walk for about 10mins using a footbridge which will lead you straight to the lobby of the hotel at the 3rd floor. It 's not at the heart of the city but it 's ok. Travelling is not to and from the hotel is not a problem .

i stayed at the Panda Hotel for one night until 7pm the next day as my flight was n't until Midnight. The staff were great despite being so busy and my transfers , arranged in advance , all worked like clockwork .

my wife and I spent 10 days last November at this Hotel in an executive room .

the hotel was suggested to me by the staff at the airport for a 1 night transit stay . For just 604HKD , I was taken to/from the hotel by bus , and had a great 'executive ' room on the 23rd floor. Room was very well equipped , spacious and clean. Free wifi internet was available in the lobby .

we stayed in this hotel for a week during September 2005. We found the staff were very professional and friendly and the hotel was lovely and quiet at night.The foyer which has just been refurbished was beautifull. We did n't mind being away from the main stream of hotels because Tsuen Wan gave us a real sense of Hong Kong and the under cover walk to the MTR only took about 10 mins if you could resist the shops in the malls on the way and the free shuttle bus laid on was just as quick , we used it all the time to get into kowloon. We would stay here again and would recommend it to anybody .

although you 're in the new territories , It 's really easy to get to HK on the MTR. It 's the last stop on the MTR Tsuen Wan and takes about 30 mins to get to Kowloon. Take bus A31 from the airport which takes an hour and only costs $ 20. You go to the last stop and get a short taxi .

i stayed at the Panda Hotel in Hong Kong the night of Mar. 14 , 2005. While it is quite far from the city center Kowloon-- about 25 km. , the hotel was pleasant and very reasonable : for me $ 44 US per night , including buffet breakfast. The shuttle from the airport was easy and cost only $ 10 US. They even had my name at counter A-16 in the airport where you get the shuttle. The hotel staff spoke English and were extremely courteous. While the floor carpet was stained I believe they are renovating , the room was otherwise very clean with all the amenities , including TV , A/C , and a refrigerator. The free breakfast was fine. Cabs are cheap and this hotel is closer to the airport than most. For a business stay or overnight , it is a great bargain. One caveat : the dining room can be a little expensive if you 're on a budget .

ok , so the location is n't central but the free shuttle makes up for that and takes no time. Also , take into consideration that this hotel is one of the few in hong kong in which the rate includes breakfast - a big plus , especially if you dont know chinese - the sole language in which most restaurant menus are written !

we booked the Panda last minute during the SARS outbreak a few years ago to catch the Rolling Stones ' HK performance. Despite SARS , most of the reliable hotels Prince , Marco Polo were still fully booked that weekend , so on the advice of our travel agent , we went with this affordable alternative. The hotel was shabby - stains on the wall , bed and carpet. We requested a change of room when we found the in-room radio to be broken it could n't be turned off and we were moved to a better floor - ie , rooms looked better. The location of the hotel is terrible -- you have to walk around 15 minutes to the nearest MTR station and stay on the MTR forever to get to Central or Causeway Bay. We will never stay there again .

