the hotel is safe and clean. the price of the hotel fits mosts budgets. the best part is the hotel has a 7 11 , KFC , Macdonalds all within walking distance of the hotel. we had an enjoyable stay though we were on a budget trip .

the hotel staff are friendly. Eventhough the cleaning lady does not know how to speak english , when I told her and show my flat iron that needs an adaptor , she was able to give me what I need. The room is big and fits our family of four two adults and two children . The hotel is walking distance to the shops .

i am avery frequesnt traveler and I stay in several 5 star hotels. This time I brought my niece along with me for a treat to HK Disneyland .

we choose asia for our vacation for 3 mothns. Our first step in Hong kong We loved hong kong ! ! Our first stop on our trip , it was better than expected .

stayed 5 nights on a combined business/leisure trip at the Park Hotel. Our room was spacious with a separtate dining and office area , the bed though , was only 160 cm wide and quite hard as everywhere else in Asia .

we have been staying at the Park Hotel for our Hong Kong trips for over 20 years .

hotel is in a great location staff were excellent ,room was very good and most important very clean had 7days at this hotel and could not fault anything will stay there if we go back to hong kong again

we loved hong kong ! ! Our first stop on honeymoon , it was better than expected .

i have stayed at the Park Before and I wish I had not listened to a person who recommended the The Kowloon Hotel what a disaster that Hotel Is. I should have listening to my feelings and gone back to the Park. I have always had great service and really central to our needs. Rooms are great and even though they are doing up grades the staff were always helpful. I certainly would recommened the Park Hotel to any one. We Were orignally booked to go back to The Kowloon Hotel and I arranged for my travel agent to change hotels while on holiday - Great move that was.. .

we have stayed in this hotel numerous times. The last time we visited was last October 2008 so we were pleasantly surprised to find that renovations are almost done. They now have a new and more spacious lobby , the rooms look better and the staff were noticeably more attentive. I love the fact that this hotel is near the MTR station , Nathan Road , Ocean Terminal and a lot more points of interest around the Tsimshattsui area. The breakfast buffet is quite extensive. Tea selection can be improved but then again , it is only a 3 star hotel. It is great that this hotel has decided to improve on their facilities. The only things missing are free internet and a better tv system but if you are always on the go , these are things that you wo n't be missing .

great hotel in a fantastic location. I would stay here again as the rooms were large enough , the air conditioning just right and the curtains black out the light. Just right when you need a sleep in the day

ugly reception desk. So-so clean Rooms. Affordable Price. Staff ca n't speak a word of English so there was a language barrier all through out. If you like to be near a bustling night life , this is the place for you. Not a place for children. My teenage cousin had a slight traumatic experience near the hotel. As soon as we crossed the road , a pimp was waiting at the other side offering &quot ; night-of-fun&quot ; for travelers. If this is your kind of fun , then be my guest .

what can I say ! Had 4 girlfriends with me and this hotel was fantastic , location , staff , breakfast and rooms. Rooms are larger , shower &quot ; what can I say about that&quot ; Powerful shower head and always hot water regardless time of day or night. Close to MTR ! We only had to ask once for skim milk and it was always at our table or given to us. Staff always helpful did n't have one prolbem. Rooms cleaned every day. I will be staying at the Park Hotel again ! Always had notes in our rooms of next pick up or whatever we had planned !

we were a family with two daughters aged 18 and 15. Found the Park Hotel excellent. Great location , only a few minutes to Tsimshatsui subway station. The street had great choice of eating places , especially Charlie Brown 's across the street , we had excellent value breakfasts there. We had to have 2 rooms , would have preferred adjoining , but ended up with rooms next door to each other , which was no problem. Rooms were a great size , bathroom facilities were also a very good size , and fittings were 1st class. Rooms were serviced daily , with all bathroom items being replaced , and fresh towels provided daily. The foyer was unfortunately being renovated , and was temporarily located on the 4th floor , but this really had very little impact on our stay there at all. The concierge was fantastic , and booked us a couple of tours , his english was very good. We would highly recommend this hotel to any family. We were very impressed all round .

great location-very close to Mtr station,just need to walk around 2-3minutes.Next to the Mtr station,is a very famous Hongkong cafe or &quot ; char chan teng&quot ; by the name of TSUI WAH LAU.Or if you prefer fast food,kentucky &amp ; burger king is very near too.If you like to try hongkong Dim Sum,just walk 2 mins to a nearby office complex,go to 3rd floor,you will see a big chinese restaurant the price is very reasonable .Sorry,forgotten the name of the restaurant,you can ask the bellboy at the lobby,they know the name-coz it 's the nearest to our hotel.I highly recommend you to taste it,much much better &amp ; tastier than most of our Dim Sum in malaysia .

the rooms in this hotel have been recently been totally refurbished. They are spacious and ours at the rear of the building was certainly quiet. The staff are friendly and helpful. The restaurant gives a generous discount to hotel guests for breakfast. The location is very convenient for the local shopping district. If you are looking for a tailor to make a suit , there are many to chose from close by. It 's about a 15 minute walk to the Star ferry. Bus transport is readily available , and the airport shuttle bus HK 33.00 one way almost drops you at the door !

park Hotel was awesomely lovely to stay in .

this is my second time stay with Park Hotel in HKG , though I have stayed few times with Park hotel in S'pore. Staffs are friendly and enthusiatic to serivce. Room is clean and in good condition. Amenty kit also good quality. Just 1 points down for the hotel is renovation in ground floor seems never end. It would be perfect 10 , if they finished this .

stayed at the Park for 2 nights in June 2009. As soon as we checked-in we were immediately upgraded to a superior deluxe room on the 11th floor. Everything was newly renovated , the room was large by all standards , with a nice bathroom and great views. Location is excellent , walking distance to the Walk of Stars , Subway , 7-eleven , McD Â ´ s for emergencies !

i stayed here for 8 nights in July with a friend. I paid for the cheapest room but i was upgraded to a larger room I suspect it 's the Deluxe Room .

we booked three nights our room and bathroomm were large. Everything was spotless and functioned ! Air conditioning was too good if anything. All mod cons including tea and coffee facilities , comfy beds , quiet , design lighting and TV with cable tv included. Sure the hotel reception is undergoing renovations and is temporarily located on level 4 , which are due to be finished very shortly. It was n't a drama. The concierge are helpful and so were the concierge at the front door so I was surprised that an earlier reviewer said they had to handle their own luggage. As far as I can tell , there are staff on the ground floor 24 hours a day. Maybe it was a once off incident with the other reviewer ? ? It is a good location in Tsimshatsui Kowloon with all you want closeby - shopping , restaurants and transport. All staff have been courteous , professional and helpful. We asked for an extra towel and toilet paper , and the housekeeper brought up quickly a couple of towels , as well as the toilet paper and a box of tissues the latter we did n't request . We had breakfast delivered to our room - worked out cheaper than the buffet and at least the food is cooked for you to your order rather than sitting around in a bain marie ! Could n't recommend the Park Hotel highly enough and if we return to Hong Kong , will definitely stay here again. Faultless and spotless ! And what a bargain !

good rooms

it was worth spending days picking the right hotel for our HK trip because Park Hotel was exactly what we were looking for. We were well aware of the renovation work so the tiny lobby , the drilling and the hammering did not bother us at all. In fact we only used our room to sleep and drop off stuff !

park Hotel on Chatham Road is a four-star property ideally located. A hotel 's location makes a pleasure trip enjoyable and Park 's location could n't be better. It does n't have the grand harbour view of , say , Shangri-La and Intercontinental both of which are its neighbours but then its priced more moderately and is a functional hotel for someone who 's not planning to spend too much time in the hotel , instead concentrating on sampling the sights and smells of a vibrant city .

this hotel is undergoing renovation which I was unfortunately unaware of. The entrance is simply a doorway at the moment amongst shops across a road - so we had no help from our airport driver with luggage which created an immediate poor impression. Upon going up the lift to the 4th floor for the reception - a temporary sheet over old desk arrangement with falling apart sofas to wait did nothing to change this. We were then shown up to a room with 2 twin beds - for a family of 4 ! I rang the reception to say there had been a mistake and was told for an extra bed I would have to pay an extra $ 300 a night ! Back downstairs we traiped 2 whingy kids in tow and produced our document from our agent saying we had booked a double plus one extra. They said it was an error with the Hong Kong agent and that we would have to pay extra. After 15 minutes of arguing that it was not our fault and that they should be giving us the appropriate room and fix it up with the agent later , we requested for the head manager who within 30 seconds offered us a room with 2 double beds. Hallelujah. The room was great , bath and all , but the drilling between 8am and 6pm was a bit annoying when trying to rest in the afternoon. Wo n't stay here again .

the wife and I spent a week in HK at the beginning of the month. It was a public holiday and most hotels were full. We ended up booking at the Park and while expensive because of the timing , it was a very good choice. We caught the Airport Express to Kowloon for HKD90 each one way. There was then a choice of free shuttle buses to take us to our hotel depending on the shuttle route - just ask what bus to jump on for your hotel. These free coaches were a bit of a walk from the train itself but a good way to get to your hotel if you are unsure how far it is by taxi. Renovations are still ongoing at the hotel however this had hardly any impact. Check-in was fast and efficient and we were upgraded to a deluxe room on the 15th floor. Room was great - clean and modern. A touch on the small side and like most Asian countries the bed was very 'firm'. However , the location was fantastic. Near Nathan Road , numerous restaurants , close to the MTRs , all the shopping , the waterfront. All this meant an easy walk to everything while enjoing the alley shops , all the good stuff as well as the Indian touts of course. Overall , a very good hotel with a great location .

for tourists it 's perfect now that there is subway and fast train to China basically underneath.In 70 's used Park because our office was on Chatam Road next block. Was living in Taiwan at the time .

the hotel is suitably located within the walking distance from all major streets of Tsimshatsui area , which is great for going out in the evenings. Although it is still in the process of renovation the temporary reception is on the fourth floor , you will have no problem with it. The staff is polite and friendly. After you check-in and go to your room , in few minutes they will bring in some fresh fruits as a welcome and that is free . My room was on the 13th floor and I have never had a hotel room so high before for my personal taste , but I did not have any problem with that because elevators worked perfectly so I did not need more than a half a minute from the hotel 's entrance to my room 's door. My room was large enough and well isolated so I had any problem with the street noise , either late in the evenings or early in the mornings. Two bottles of drinking water were regularly supplied every day free and I always brought along one of them while going out .

stayed here for three nights for a short vacation with the wife and kids. Since the ground floor was still being renovated and the corridor leading to the elevators was quite narrow , hotel staff was stationed there to act as traffic police to make sure that those getting in and those getting out of the elevators do not bump into each other .

spent four nights at the hotel and got a nice , quiet room but with a view of the rear of some old buildings. The room along with the bathroom was spacious , clean and contemporary though the furniture was scuffed. As others have noted , most of the common areas are closed off for renovation , so there 's not much to do in the hotel but who would want to confine themselves to it when there 's so much going on right outside ? It 's a short walk away from the Avenue of the Stars with great views of Hong Kong Island. The MTR station is also within a short walking distance with plenty of shopping on Nathan Road .

i stayed at the Park Hotel for 2 nights and the hotel was undergoing major renovations. The lobby was temporarily on the 4th floor and the ground floor completely boarded up. The ceiling was very low on the 4th floor where the restaurant was located , not great if you 're taller than about 6 foot 2 ! ! Renovations should be completed by September 2009 .

just spent 1 week in the Park Hotel - It is a great location , very close to the metro and within walking distance of many attractions. We were upgraded for free and for no particular reason , which was a welcome surprise. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The room was clean , very large great seeing as most Hong Kong hotel rooms are on the small side . The bathroom was clean and marbled floored. Would definately stay there again and would recommend to everybody !

we loved this hotel.. my kids loved it ! ! it was clean , newly renovated , reception on 4th floor not much but who cares.. you 'll spend like 5mins there for check in and out . rooms good size , bathroom big for Hongkong standard. Minutes from MTR , Mcdonalds , Yoshimoya , KFC , 7-Eleven.. all in all... GREST STAY FOR US ! ! ! Safe and staff very helpful .

i like the room , is big , clean and new. I got an upgrade to deluxe room , so this review is based on the deluxe room , it 's big enough for me and my family , with 2 adults and kids. The room service is good , I requested for more blanket and it come just 3 min time .

i read almost all the reviews for this hotel prior to my trip and felt comfortable with what reviewers wrote when we made our decision to stay here. We stayed at Park Hotel for 5 nights last week and it was a very nice experience. As most people mentioned , for a 3-star hotel , we got an excellent deal. We booked through expedia.com we paid USD $ 86/week night , and $ 92/night for weekend , including breakfast for a Superior room. Note that Holiday Inn Golden Mile is a few blocks away , also a 3-star hotel , but relatively more expensive .

i have stayed in numerous hotels in HK , for 3 stars and considering the price I paid HKD 800 , this is probably the best .

i was n't sure about staying at the Park Hotel because on the map , it looked like it was far from the harbour and shopping. This is not the case. The location of the hotel is excellent. There is good shopping close by and the designer shops are not far away. The Museum of History and the Science Museum are very close and worth seeing. The MTR subway is just at the other end of Cameron Road and is very easy to use if you buy an octopus card which are easy to buy . The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful. The newly renovated rooms were very pleasant and the daily complimentary bottled water was an extra treat and the supermarket is very close for purchasing additional water . We got a great deal which included a late check out to 4 PM and breakfast daily. The hotel also had a special at the Park Cafe , save 25 % off the bill. I highly recommend this hotel .

stayed at the hotel for three nights. A small check-in area in the 4th floor but who cares... The receptionists friendly and efficient. Modern , comfortable rooms and nice firm beds. Had the best sleep in many weeks ! Nothing really bothered us in the room - not even the experimental design of light switchboard. A21 from HKG airport takes you directly to the hotel in 60 mins at a reasonable price of 33 HKD. The Tsim Sha Tsui subway station 10 mins walk .

i was booked at another hotel my first night in Hong Kong... but that place was pretty horrible. I immediately hopped onto the internet and found Park Hotel in Hong Kong. I chose it because it was reasonably priced , good location , and had great reviews .

the rooms are good , the staff is good , the location is one of the best in Hong Kong and the price is reasonable .

disappointed with the apartment we rent - as it turned out so small , not what we expected - in Causeway Bay , we started to seek a hotel during our visit. With help from my cousin who currently lives in Hong Kong , he recommended us this Park Hotel with a great fare of only USD90 per room per night !

this is a great hotel. The location is perfect for tourists. Easy walk to Nathan Road and the Subway. Lots of stuff to see and do within walking distance. Hotel staff is friendly and professional. Check in was fast and easy. The lobby is awkwardly small so there 's lots of luggage piled everywhere but the hotel was in the middle of renovating the first floor lobby area so maybe they will add some room. Nice sized rooms are very appreciated since many rooms in Hong Kong can be quite small. Not here. Bathroom was very clean and up to date. Bed was a little too firm for me but not bad. Nice desk for doing work. Internet access was included in room price. Nice couch and coffee table to relax at. Room safe provided for valuables. My main complain was that all the lights in the room except the bathroom are controlled by a box next to the bed. So if you want to turn on the lamp on the desk , you have to get up , walk around the bed , and search for the button on the box amongst several buttons. I stayed here twice in one month on both sides of hotel and so I recommend you ask for a room facing out the front of the hotel. The back side faces other tall buildings which is n't as nice. Hotel had a free buffet breakfast which was nice. Not a lot of choices of food but what they had was good , especially the made-to-order omelets. Hotel is also located 1/2 block from a free shuttle to the Kowloon station where you can pick up the Airport Express Train. Hotel can sell you the Airport Express Ticket too .

stayed in the hotel for 2 nights , Check in was easy and painless we arrived at 4.30 in the morning .

paid $ 125 per night for 3 nights in sept. 2008 through Agora. Hotel lobby is still undergoing renovation , but the rooms and hallways are done. And looks good. NO noise at night as they stop work. Location is in center of commercial Tsim Tsa Tsui , and 5 mins. walk to Tsim Tsa Tsui Metro B2 exit. There is a cheap nice barbecue pork and roast goose restuarant beside it for quick fix when hungry. You can also take airport express train to Kowloon station , then take free shuttle bus K3 which has a stop across Park Hotel. Would definitely stay in this place again in the future .

my daughter and I stayed at the Park Hotel for 4 nights in August of this year. We found the rooms comfortable and clean. The view of the buildings across the road were n't the best - but hey I 'm not here to sight see from the room .

we stayed in Park Hotel from 15th - 17th Aug 08. The location is perfect , most of the sights are a stones throw away , plenty of good decent eateries around the area ; MRT is less than a min away .

i stayed in Park Hotel from the 17th to 20th August. it was a great hotel for its price , very convenient location , relatively near to the MTR , and surrounded by restaurants , shops , etc. renovations are still going on , but we hardly hear the noise though we stayed daily in the hotel until quite late-we went out only at about 4plus...we could hear some lite drilling on and off for about twenty mins per day , but that 's about all. the room is not big but good for hongkong hotel and everything is very new and clean. staff was polite and helpful. the free shuttle bus to the airport is just across the road and comes every 12 mins .

me &amp ; my boyfriend stayed here for 5 days and had a great time. We arrived earlier in the morning and were able to leave our luggage at the front desk. When we came back we got upgraded to a bigger still pretty small room. All staff was very helpful. Everything in our room worked. We only had the food at the restaurant for breakfast and there was always lots of variety and fresh fruit etc .

i stayed there during 2 months and it was very comfortable , convienient , you feel safe in the area , it is right in the center of everything , shopping , restaurant , night life , subway.. .

we are a family of 6 , including 2 young kids and elderly parents. We stayed at Park Hotel in Kowloon for 4 nights in June , and absolutely loved it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! We took the airport bus A21 with 17 pieces of luggage and got off right around the corner of the hotel. Although it took a while to get all luggage to the hotel lobby , service at the hotel really impressed us. The check-in was fast , and our luggage was up in our rooms in no time. Staff was really helpful and provided information whenever we needed , such as the best dim-sum place within walking distance .

great location , comfortable rooms , gorgeous bed and linen. Staff extremely helpful at all times. Made the chaos of HK bearable !

we stayed for two nights en route from Australia to Europe. We managed to get a good rate for a double room queen bed . The hotel was easy to get to by airport express train to Kowloon Station and then a free shuttle bus K3 to a stop across the road from the Hotel. We found the hotel clean , comfortable , roomy and convenient for getting around. We could walk easily to the metro station and a bit further to the Star Ferry. We would not recommend the restaurant in the hotel ; the food was uninspiring .

there 's still some renovations not completed ithink. but the room was great ! Everything inc. the hallway , lift , even the controls in the room is modern. Since it 's newly renovated , the furnitures looks clean &amp ; new , and we were so comfortable during the 6 nights we were there.. it 's just a few mins walk to Tshim sha tsui MTR.. Bus K3 goes to the hotel from Kowloon Station airport express but will have to walk a few metres to the entrance. Rooms are also not dark and creepy at all .

renovations at the Park Hotel seems to be totally completed. We stayed in the Executive room. The room was very nicely renovated , spacious and very comfortable. The bathroom was also renovated and came with the usual amenities. The hotel is in a good location being located within 200m of the Tsim Sha Tsui Station and 300m of the East Tsim Sha Tsui Station which brings you to ShenZhen and right smack in the the retail shopping areas. The concierge/reception is very friendly and helpful. Plse ask them for nearby restaurant recommendations bec those that they recommended turned out very well while those that we ventured to by ourselves these were 3 restuarants located on the main streets near the hotel were a disappointment. All in , this is a very good value hotel and highly recommended .

i first stayed at Park Hotel 10 years ago. Ever since then , I 've shunned the hotel on my visits to HK because it was really tired , worn-out and rather depressing to me .

the renovations seem to be almost completed - except for the lobby - at the time of our stay. But there was nothing that interferred with our enjoying the sights , sounds and tastes of Kowloon during the 3 nights we were there. .

i was choosing between Kimberley and Park hotel for their location. After much reading in TA , i decided to go for Park hotel and i 'm glad i did. I was there from January 24-28 , 2008 and i do n't have any complaints. Like what you will most likely read here , the hotel has just finished its renovation so everything is new. I asked for a room for three and was expecting it be cramped but i was pleasantly surprised. We were given a quite spacious room , there was enough space to dance around even ! :

good location on Kowloon Island in heart of shopping area .

we had four days in Hong Kong to see the sights. The Park Hotel was ideally situated , close to Tsim Sha Tsui East metro station and within easy walk to shops and restaurants. To get there from the airport , take the airport MTR to Kowloon station and a 10 - 15 minute taxi ride to the hotel. We booked a deluxe room which was about right on space and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom was a good size , and overall , the room was well maintained.The air conditioning was fine and the room was quiet. Breakfast was varied and plentiful with an international choice. Staff were friendly and helpful. So with all the positives were there any negatives ? - only the roadworks outside the hotel but they will probably be finished when you go .

i stayed 4 nigths in this hotel and give 700 US $ deposit. This is much more than 4-nigths price. I do n't understand why they make me to pay this amount .

hi , Please stay at the Park Hotel Kowloon. Our experience was great. The breakfast every morning included a fresh omlette while you wait. Room large,clean , quiet and very comfortable , Bathroom large and well supplied. Hotel walk to everything and in the middle of the action. Will stay again

booked through Asia Rooms. The hotel entrance &amp ; foyer are unprepossessing but the rooms , dining room &amp ; all other public areas were lovely - all recently renovated. Our room was spacious , quiet &amp ; comfortable. In addition to the usual bathroom bits &amp ; pieces there was complementary mineral water .

i recommend this hotel to everyone on a trip to HK short or long who want convience , 3-4star quality and good service. It is very good value for money. Location at kowloon good for the walking tourist who wants to see a bit of everything. Rooms really pleasant with everything you need for a comfortable stay. It is about a 20min walk to ferry terminal to go to HK island and 5min to Nathan rd. Some really great sushi places across the road , very fresh. There is a small supermarket 5 min away , a tip for those wanting some 'Wine ' hard to find in HK. They have a good selection from around the world .

this was a good hotel , Location was good , and it was reasonably priced. We stayed on the 10th floor having been upgraded. The room was big ,clean and had adequate facilities .

my China company 's hotel of choice is the Park Hotel when in HK .

we stayed there for three nights in Nov and they upgraded us to the junior suites for the three rooms which was great of them. Location is

my husband and I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. We chose this hotel because it is recently renovated. We took Airport Express to the city and then transferred their free shuttle bus to the hotel. In the information , one of the stops of the shuttle bus is Park Hotel. Disappointedly , we found that the bus could not stop in front of the hotel and we need to carry our clumsy suit-cases and walk for 5 mins to the hotel. The hotel is located in a very busy street and also , lots of construction works is carrying-out on the street next to the hotel , everywhere is noisy and dusty. The frontage of the hotel is very small and no car is allowed to stop in front of the hotel. When I stepped in the hotel and disappointed again , that the renovation was still not yet completed. Not only that , the staff at the front desk is not so friendly and helpful , and gave us a very small corner room at the dead-end of the corridor. On the floor plan , we noted that it was the smallest room on the floor. At that moment , I regret to choose this hotel. After approached to the front-desk again , they let us have another room with larger size. We started to settle down and tried to enjoy our stay in this hotel .

stayed eight nights in room 1211. Staff very helpful and friendly. Room was large by HK standard two armchairs and one vanity chair at dressing table. Twin beds were large , almost a double. The consol on the bedside table that controls all the electical equipment in the room took some getting used to , but once mastered was ok. Room very clean. Bathroom very clean and had all the smellies and other goodies you would expect from a more expensive hotel. Even Japanese style flat slippers were supplied .

we arrived here at 9 am totally wrecked after no sleep on the flight from London. The staff were worked off their feet due to massive checkouts that morning after a conference. But they did their best to get a room cleaned for us quickly so we could get some sleep although

my husband and I were on a short trip to enjoy ourselves shop and eat and shop and eat in the city of Hong Kong and we were advised to stay at Park Hotel as it just got renovated. We was n't quite sure if the agent 's giving us good advice then cos we wanted to stay at Nathan Hotel initially .

stayed at Park with family last august by again relying on fellow trip-advisors ' good reviews of this hotel. AGAIN , TA is very accurate. we loved Park ! ! the twin rooms we got were new , very nice , and clean. nice modern decors and electronic switches to boot. definitely a plus is the clean toilet n bath which is a must for me. though the reception/lobby area is small part of renovation and during that time i think the hotel is fully booked so we were made to wait 2hrs for the 2nd room to be ready we requested for 2 adjacent rooms . but it 's just ok since we just brought our stuff to the available room and toured off the nearby streets. there are plenty of shops/boutiques around the hotel , 7eleven just around the corner , there are 2 mcdonalds one across the street , the other just 2 blocks away , several restos and food shops arround. 1st- you 'll never go hungry , 2nd- plenty of shopping around the hotel , 3rd- very near transportation 5mins to mtr tst , taxis around , 4th- area is safe even late at night , 5th- friendly hotel staff , 6th- newly renovated hotel. so what more can you ask for ? ! ! we will definitely stay at park again and recommend this to others too =

location : About a 3 min walk from the Tsim Sha Tsui subway stop exit B2 . Extremely convenient .

my husband and I got a very good rate for a room at this hotel in June 2007. We stayed there for one night as we had to attend a wedding nearby .

cant be beaten value for money..good clean rooms with everything you need friendly staff who are always willing to help in everyway. .

stay here many times many years ago. Recently came back again and is still very happy about the place .

what a fantastic 3 star hotel ! The service , the room and the location is 4 stars !

a pleasant four nights stay in a twin superior room at park hotel from 10th to 14th june'07

we were n't too sure what to expect as some of the previous reviews had n't been very good. However , this is an excellent hotel. There is still some ongoing hotel upgrade work being undertaken , but it really is n't a problem as you are out during the day .

we stayed at park hotel for 4 days..the day we arrived,there were many guests,but we were given a room right away..we stayed on the 15th floor.asexpected,the room was renovated,the beds ,carpets,bathrooms were new annd clean.no smell at all.the staff were friendly and accomodating. they welcomed us with a basket of fruits,2 bottles of mineral water..the location is great because you can easily reach the mtr station in 5 minutes.outside the hotel,were many store outlets,restaurants..my kids enjoyed staying at the hotel..and i will recommend this hotel.an advantage is that if you will take the airport express upon arriving from the airport,a free shuttle bus will take you straight to the hotel,since park hotel is a member of the &quot ; k5&quot ; or the five hotels in kowloon which are affiliated to the airport express. .

great ! ! ! I was worried after I had read the previous reviews of this hotel when the travel agent booked me in to this hotel for my honeymoon. I have high standards when it comes to accommodation - and was greatly relieved when we checked in. The hotel is beautiful , our room was of a 5 star standard , the staff were very friendly and helpful and the buffett breakfast was divine. I could n't have asked for more. I would definately stay here again .

after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor we were apprehensive about our stay at the Park Hotel and requested a newly renovated non smoking room .

we stayed at the Park Hotel for 7 nights in February. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. It is located in the heart of Kowloon and is in walking distance to all the major shopping and tourist areas. The hotel was being renovated so there was a bit of construction equipment around but no noise. Overall its a great place to stay , particularly if you are lucky enough to get one of the brand new rooms .

our company uses this hotel for all the Westerners who come to Hong Kong around once a month. The newly renovated rooms are a real pleasure. The beds are hard by Western standards , we find that to be true in almost any place in China and Japan. You can ask for an additional comforter , and sleep on top of one of them .

i read reviews from trip advisor on this hotel in july and decided to book this hotel. Many thanks to the reviews. I could n't agree more that this is a value for money place to stay .

having read the previous reports I wondered what our travel agent had let us in for but all 6 people in our group thought that the hotel was ok and above the 4 star average. Good clean rooms and facilities and a very nice restaurant for a reasonably priced meal. And I am a fussy person when it comes to accommodation ! !

a friend and I spent 4 nights staying at the Park Hotel at the end of June. We had adjoining newly renovated rooms on the 6th floor. The renovations were in their final stages , with new shops on the ground floor opening each day. The hotel was recommended by Qantas as a good , convenient , not-too-flashy hotel. It does n't have the acres of lobby and chandeliers that many other HK hotels seem to have but our rooms were spacious and clean with a small fridge , tea and coffee making facilities , a retractable clothes line above the bath/shower and , very importantly , excellent airconditioning. Public transport access was great , hotel staff were helpful and there was a 7-11 nearby for stocking up on cold drinks. We would definitely stay there again .

its awful , infact British Airways have stopped using it after we all complained so much. The only good this about this hotel is the location. The rooms are terrible , they smell of damp and have huge damp patches on the walls and ceilings. The carpets are a disgrace , the beds are very very old fusty and smelly. The curtains are the same. I was devastated when we arrived there , we were travelling in a big group so we just had to put up with it , there wasnt even a bar to socialise in with our friends so we went to the Aussie bar just across the road the Kangaroo Bar , which i highly recommend . The hotel is undergoing serious renovation , you cant even see out of your window its that bad. In my opinion it should be closed at the moment .

anyone and EVERYONE who is even thinking of staying her please do not !

while the Park Hotel was in a convenient location with respect to closeness to the MTR and Nathan Road , it did not give us good impression when from the road the whole hotel was &quot ; shrouded&quot ; in green mesh as it was and is still undergoing renovations. Speaking to one of the friendly staff , we found out that the renovations would be still ongoing for another 12 months .

the park Hotel was well below average. After 6 weeks touring Europe we ended up at the Park Hotel for 4 nights. We had ordered a triple superior room suitable for 3 adults. The room allocated was next to the renovation work , a tiny twin bed room and they were going to put a roll away in as well which would have meant that the furniture would have to be taken out of the room. We complained and were given a larger triple room that backed onto the elevators and the room used by the service staff as a utility room , noise most of the night and highly unsatisfactory .

i have returned today from 6 nights of well YUK after our stay at the Park hotel.Still under renovations after 2.5 years.Smells damp,beds well put it this way my dog had it better than we did.We were a family of 4 Adults 2 Children.No cold water for shower fixed after we complained Mould in Bath rooms,no heating except small fan heater.No laundry facilitys except expensive send out laundry.Coffee shop closed under renovations,building work noise started at 9.00am untill late.walls needed painting,Toilet filled basin very close to your backside.Dont be taken in by photos of modern clean hotel all not true,If you can go elsewhere

we stayed at Park Hotel for 4D 3N from Nov 26 to 29 for a twin sharing room. It 's clean , the room is just enough , though it 's not yet renovated. The room has hot and cold water , complete toiletries , hairdryer , empty ref and tv. Since we left in the morning and comes back late in the evening , we did n't feel the noise of the renovation being made. The lobby is quite small , hope it will be bigger after renovation. My comment is you can hear the sound of the vehicles from the outside , though it did n't bothered us. It 's two blocks away from the MTR TST station in Nathan Rd , and this is the most important thing coz you can go anywhere to the great tourist spots. There are lots of small stores in the vicinity , like 7-11 watsons,photo/cellphone , drugstore , eatery , tailor , mcdo and souveneir shop for your last minute shopping. You can walk from the hotel towards the kowlooon park and ocean center/terminal where the big shops are. One night from the Avenue of Stars we just found ourselves just walking to the hotel. The staff are great and will assist you patiently and tell you where to ride / exit and how to go back to your place. You can leave your bags for a late check-out w/o addl charge. Safe and great location , I recommend this hotel for your trip in HK .

