here is a wide disparity of opinion on the Parkview Suites in the other reviews. Having stayed there for two months whilst on business I will try and put it into context .

we had the occasion to spend a year at Parkview Suites and felt like we had always lived there. What can I say , a family suite is 1320 sq ft , with a full kitchen , and a wonderful grocery store on site with Australian beef , lean and mean , so you can eat in your suite every night if so inclined. Maid service ever day , free taxi service to downtown and docks , with Hong Kong at your command. Whether you travel here on business or pleasure , you can not go wrong with Parkview Suites .

been here nearly 3 months with family and new born and will stay another month. Could not be happier ! Have stayed in Central hotels many times and enjoy the location for short stay. For longer stay I like Parkview for the nearby hiking trails , barbeque sites , gym , many pools , on-site grocery store , and full kitchen with laundry. I even enrolled my daughter in the on-site preschool for a couple of months. The staff has been wonderful !

minimum stay is 1 month which is normal amongst hkg serviced apartments. if you have a family then this is more child friendly than four seasons and pacific place. good facilities for the children. has shuttle bus HKD17 to central and taxis are convenient. staff are helpful. development is over 20 years old but in good condition .

i grew up in Hong Kong and lived in Parkview for six years ! The facilities are wonderful and the hotel and apartments are beautiful. Parkview is home to locals as well as Expatriates and is very westernized despite some of the reviews I 've read. There is a grocery store on site , two outdoor pools , tennis courts and more ! Additionally , there are PLENTY of taxis waiting outside the hotel to take you wherever you need to go... You can have them drop you off at the bottom of the hill to catch a bus if you need to save money and /or want the experience of double-decker buses !

a long long way out of anywhere - reception are not especially welcoming , felt more like an apartment complex than a hotel - extremely limited facilities - I ca n't recommend it .

after flying all day we arrived at the Parkview expecting a charming 5 Star serviced apartment .

located a LONG LONG way from anywhere , many of the recreational facilities are open air check this before you travel , the rooms are large but poorly equipped and not at all modern , bathrooms do n't even have non-slip mats in the bath , toiletries very poor , and when I asked for a shaving kit , I was told I would have to pay. After a 13 hour flight on which I 'm not allowed to take a razor , I expect a nominally 5 star hotel to have this kind of thing ready and waiting - if the Langham can , so should this establishment !

if you 're tired of noisy and hectic downtown business hotels with 10 or 15 % service charge and arrogant service come up to the hill and enjoy ParkView Suites. We spend there only 2 days on Friday to Sunday but reallty enjoyed ! ! Even standard suite is huge : kitchen with microwave , toaster , stove , fridge , icebox - everything ! Livingroom with TV , DVDplayer , CD,VCR , etc. , all what you know from 5 star hotels. 2 outdoor pools with waterfalls and area to relax , 1 indoor &quot ; roman&quot ; pool , 3 saunas , 2 hot jacuzzis , supermarket and resonable priced restaurants around. Taxi to WanChai takes 10 minutes. Big advantage is the quiete area , the close hiking trails , the more comfortable climate up in the hills if you hate the &quot ; fridge&quot ; A/Cs in conventional hotels here you can even open the windows and let fresh air in your room .

