i stayed here on a recent business trip to Hong Kong. I checked in , went up to the room , and found a horrible moldy smell. I asked to have my room changed , and they said that the hotel was booked. They also sent somebody up to my room to spray it with air freshener. He claimed that he could not smell anything. I then called the Hong Kong university that had booked the room for me and asked if they could get the hotel to change my room. Ten minutes later , I had a room that did not stink. I really did not appreciate being lied to in the first place. What a huge pain !

almost all hotels in Hong Kong are tiny.Dont get caught out.This hotel has big rooms and all the mod cons.Brilliant value .

our family has always preferred this hotel ever since I can remember because of its excellent location and we 've been here countless times. The malls are a short stroll away it 's actually built within the mall but the hotel has seen better days. It 's still clean though and since it 's old , the rooms are larger than more modern hotels. It 's ideal for families with kids .

our short stay at the Prince was very pleasant. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. Complements to Christine at the front desk for gracefully and professionally handling my checkin with a pushy mainland tour operator screaming at her , trying to jump queue .

we had a mixed experience , staying for 3 nights with 2 children 3 &amp ; 7 . When we arrived the staff were very friendly and kept the children entertained while we checked in. We were advised of a special offer were we could upgrade our room for a minimal charge which we declined we were tired and just wanted to get to bed ! but with hindsight I wish we 'd taken it up !

marco Polo Prince hotel is the best budget price for me with my family because of easy access to Tsim Sha Tsui station,Nathan Road and to harbour city shopping malls which you can do shopping , eat , stroll and many more which you will not get bored. No problem if you get tired because all you have to do is to return to prince hotel without walking to the streets , the hotel is very convenient for travellers who wants to visit HK !

the rooms in this hotel are awful and nothing like the pictures that were featured in the trailfinders brochure that we booked from. They are outdated and grubby and in serious need of refurbishment. The first room we were given had a serious damp problem no 1112 and one wall was all lumpy due to the damp on the plaster beneath , but rather than deal with the problem , the hotel had just tried to crudely cover it up with some new wallpaper. When I asked to move rooms they told me that we had been given one of their best standard rooms as we were on honeymoon this just meant that we got a glimpse of the side of the harbour where the China Ferries dock , past an office building. In my humble opinion , not exactly a view to die for . They then showed me to another room that was the same grubby outdated decor , but at least it did n't appear to have a damp problem .

we had just return from our trip to Hong Kong last week. It was our first time there. The Prince Hotel was not like the photo 's at all. We have four kids and it was not place to take kids too. At first , when you arrive and was taken to the lobby , it looked like the hotel was elegant and was living up to it 's name but then when you had stayed there for a couple days , it turns out to be a drag. The Lobby is too small an narrow with not enough seats for guests. There were heaps of people coming and going. The staff walking around the lobby stared at us our kids constantly giving us the &quot ; evil&quot ; look. We were waiting for our pick up to the airport and had to wait outside on the stairs in the shopping mall .

i was a little bit hesitant in booking at this hotel due to varied reports .

stayed with my family in a room with two queen beds. The room was a bit small for all four of us and was looking a bit worn , however we were not in Hong Kong to sit in a room .

i stayed here for a very hot and steamy week in August on a business trip. And I can say that the experience overall was only satisfactory and no better .

stayed at this hotel with my wife and 2 children 11 and 14 as it was one of very few hotels to allow us to stay in one room. Like many of the other reviewers , I found that it was in an excellent location. part of a huge shopping mall with over 700 shops from small supermarkets to many designer shops . The hotel was within a short walk to many of the museums , star ferry etc. Found many great restaurants nearby including the beckinghams ? bakery on the ground floor of the shopping centre across from the entry to the hotel , the quarterdeck - in the shopping centre same floor as toys are us steaks , fish , pasta - great views of hong kong island from the back tables . The room I stayed in 1505 was fine with reasonable space..Staff at the hotel were helpful and the breakfast had a good range of food for all tastes .

the hotel is in a great location to check out the sights in Hong Kong. It 's about a 5 minute walk to the MRT. It 's about a 10 minute walk through the Harbour shopping mall to the Star Ferry , which takes you to Central on Hong Kong Island .

i have stayed in hotels in 63 different countries in the past 3 years and the Marco Polo Prince Hotel would have to be the best 4 star hotel yet .

thumbs up for the good and convienent location...The lobby and front desk definitely looks good for an old hotel but....i seriously think the rooms need refurnishment.. .

had stayed in this hotel many years previously. We do like the slightly larger than average superior level rooms. Even though they and the perhaps the plumbing are in need of some refurbishment , it was very clean and quiet for such a busy area. Corner glimpses of the harbour but no direct views as far as I could see , not that this was a problem for us. Extremely handy for our pre and post cruise stay. The cooked buffet breakfast in the Spice Market restaurant , although plentiful and catering to all tastes , was a little disappointing and not up the standard of other similar hotels we have stayed. There was a slightly greasy , over-cooked aspect to many of the hot dishes on offer and even some of the bakery offerings seemed as if they had overstayed their welcome. Overall reasonable value for money .

this was one of the few HK hotels that would allow a family of 4 to stay in one room- most wanted us to book two rooms. Our room was quite large with two double beds , and space for a little table and two chairs. As others have noted the decor in the rooms needs updating , and some of the fittings definitely need replacing. However it was very handy to have cupboards and a fridge to store food for snacks/breakfast. Besides the Spice Market Deli that others have mentioned , there are two supermarkets in the shopping complex that are handy for buying milk , bottled water , fruit etc. For dinner , there is an almost overwhelming choice of restaurants but we found the Canton Deli on the 3rd floor to be very reliable and good value for chinese food .

i 've been staying at the Prince Hotel for several years , most recently in March 2008. What this hotel really has going for it is its fantastic location , attached directly to Ocean Terminal and close to other major shopping destinations , to the Star Ferry , and also to the underground MTR . It makes going around Hong Kong or even across the water for a quick getaway to Macau extremely convenient .

spent 5 nights at the Prince and returned a week later for 2 more nights .

marco Polo hotels seem to proliferate around Hong Kong , which must explain why attention to detail and good service were overlooked along the way. Marco Polo Prince sits adjacent to Marco Polos Hong Kong and Gateway. I do n't know about the other two in this area , but Prince felt more like a spruced-up Holiday Inn motel to me. Which is a waste , since it 's very near the Harbor City shopping mall , this gigantic shopper 's haven which occupied a lot of my time and cash ! . The overall look of the area felt and looked like it was in a pretty upscale location , but from the instant we entered our hotel , it felt dark , dingy , and the staff were stiff and overly reserved , making us feel unwelcome. Budget-wise though , they gave good packages. The only reason why I 'm rating it 3 stars instead of 2 is because we did n't really encounter any problems with the hotel per se. It was just the whole atmosphere of the hotel that did n't agree with me , and I 'm usually a happy camper .

upon arrival , I was greeted with an irritating shock. Despite nobody mentioning otherwise , our room would not be ready for a few hours after we arrived , leaving us to carry heavy bags to Starbucks , where we killed some time until the rooms were ready. The receptionist also tried to charge us $ 2000HK extra for mini-bar and in-room movies something which also went unmentioned and we had no plans to use these. Fortunately , they let it go. Unfortunately the reception staff are inefficient and keen on charging extra for something or other...but once you can get past them , the hotel is quite good .

there are a number of hotels in this recently completed shopping complex in Kowloon. The Prince Hotel appears to be one of the older ones and is in a good location. With the large shopping complexes outside the door and its proximity to Nathan Road it is a good base for exploring Hong Kong. There is some refurbishment ongoing so the leisure centre was unavailable and there wasa cost to use the one in the adjacent sister hotel .

my husband , 5 year old daughter and 3 year old son stayed at the Prince Hotel from Dec 28 to Dec 31 .

booked premier newly renovated rooms , but we found the interior and lay out of our rooms look exactly like on a picture posted by a reviewer on this website , dated 2006. When we asked the reception , they gave mixed &amp ; unclear explanations .

a shining bright lobby welcomed me to this hotel , which enjoys an excellent location. However , once I got out of the elevator to go to my room I wondered whether I had stepped into a different hotel. The ambiance looked somewhat cheap , old and outdated. The room itself was just alike , though very clean , with a large bathroom and a very comfortable bed. Just what I needed after an 11-hour overnight flight .

while I prefer the more upscale Marco Polo HongKong Hotel , the Prince is a very good alternate during periods when the hotel rates are high , as the Prince is about 20 % less expensive. Location is sensational. The rooms are not tiny or huge , a little above average for Hong Kong. Bathrooms are large and lots of counter space. Beds are very comfortable. Buffet breakfast is very good and the hotel offered discounted prices for this 3 day stay. High-speed internet in room is very fast and not overpriced. Lobby is small but well-manned and the service was friendly and professional .

stayed at the Prince for one week whilst on business. On arrival the Porter took my luggage and I checked in. I had half an hour to get ready for a night out - 20 minutes later still no luggage. I rang reception and they said it had been taken by the members of my other party ? I told them I had checked in on my own and they were very confused. After much running around , my bags were located 6th Floors down with the people who checked in before me. Nobody apologised and they looked quite put out by the incident .

we stayed in this hotel as part of our honeymoon in August 07. The room we were provided with was very large and clean. It was a little dated and seemed like it belonged in a James Bond film from the 1970 's. The location was great and Kowloon itself was very interesting to explore. Two and a half days were enough for me in Hong Kong all the same especially with the humidity at that time of year. The staff in the hotel were very helpful though a cheap canvas print we asked the concierge to post home for us has not arrived yet. We paid extra for breakfast to be added and it was one of the most comprehansive breakfast buffets I have ever seen. Yum !

we stayed in the MCP for the first 3 days of our honeymoon and what a start. We upgraded to a business class room for the princely sum of HK $ 350 per night about â ‚ ¬ 40 and for that had our own private breakfast room full silver service , a larger room and higher up so a bit further away from the street noise .

nice hotel in HK. Near the shopping center and not far from the port 10 min walk . The breakfast also great .

great location. Near Nathan Road and the Tsimshatsui MTR station. Also about a ten to fifteen minute walk to Avenue of the Stars to witness the Symphony of Lights. Staff are very accommodating. Very large rooms ! A typical room for 2 can easily accommodate about 4 more people. Hotel was also connected to Harbor City Mall so easy access shopping and dining is also possible. Since its near the MTR station , access to everything on the island and HK island is easy and possible. I 'd recommend this hotel .

my husband , 13 yr old son and I spent 5 nights at the Prince. We initially found it hard to locate because everyone kept directing us into a shopping Mall until we finally realized that the hotel was integrated into the Mall .

the hotel is located at the end of an upscale shopping mall in Tsim Sha Tsui Kowloon . There are two other , more expensive Marco Polo hotels located in the same mall. The mall occupies the entire stretch

ok , we get it , Hong Kong is expensive ! : The Marco Polo Prince is an entry level upper-ish tier hotel in Kowloon , so our expectations were at least above average. If you pay that much in a city like DC or Boston , you get a pretty decent place. Plus it 's not that much less than the Sheraton down the road in Kowloon $ 30/night less or so , so again , we were hoping for a nice place to spend a romantic vacation. BTW , after the first night we would have moved in a jiffy if the Sheraton had rooms .

this was our final stop after a 4 week trip around Mainland China and was a treat for 2 tired travellers. We arrived at just after 1am and they way we were greeted you 'd think it was the middle of the afternoon , the staff were bright , cheerful and keen to help .

we stayed at the Prince hotel several times over a two month period. I was lucky enough to have spent two months in Asia , travelling to China , Japan , Singapore and Indonesia. We flew on the Cathay Pacific All Asia Pass which connected through Hong Kong , so we stayed at the Prince hotel 3 separate times and each return seemed like a homecoming to us. The lobby is very bright and welcoming , the staff did everything possible to ensure that our stay was comfortable. We always stayed in a room with 2 double beds which was large and a great size for a Hong Kong hotel. The bathroom was also surprisingly large. Sure , the room may be a little bit worn around the edges , but everything was kept spotlessly clean. There was a mini fridge and complimentary bottled water provided replenished daily . There was also a kettle that we used a couple of times to make instant noodles very handy for a cheap meal .

my wife and I had a six night stay at the Prince Oct 9-15. The staff are very accomodating and welcoming. The rooms are currently being updated. They are spacious enough with large bathroom that is clean. The Housekeeping staff are diligent and friendly. The location is perfect ; short walk to the MTR , Ferry and 20HK taxi to the airport train kowloon . Close to the Temple street night market and all that TST has to offer. A must do at the Hotel is the Buffet breakfast that you can make a deal for. THe dinner is also great for a change. Connected to Harbour City mall , there is a great food court area with ample choices of fresh Thai , Vietnamese , Korean , Chinese , Taiwanese , Japanese and fresh bakery. Would stay there again .

had a wonderful stay at this hotel. Location is convenient , close to shopping , dining and transport. Staff was courteous , friendly - definitely commendable. Bed comfy , bath clean and luxurious. Enjoyed our stay here .

booked a last minute break in HK in early September 06 and the travel agent advised me of a good package deal to the MP Prince how glad we were that she did. The staff were extremely helpful and courteous , the suite was large and well furnished although all views from the windows were of other buildings walls. Hey how long do you stand at the windows looking out .

we stayed one night June 06 , and one night July 06 stopovers - great location , staff are excellent especially Ivan , room was large - we had two adults and two children , so had a rollaway bed and two doubles. Bathroom is spacious and very clean. Toiletries are plenty - and they supply robes and slippers. Breakfast buffet is fantastic - what a choice. Curtains are so thick that you 'd better set the alarm if you do n't want to miss breakfast. I 'd stay here again .

we 've been to Hong Kong many times but always stayed on the Hong Kong side. This time , we chose to stay in Kowloon and picked Marco Polo Prince. We paid a bit more than if we had stayed in a 3-star hotel but no way did we regret the extra expenses incurred because we had a wonderful time .

stayed at the hotel from 14-18 June 2006. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. The room was very big , especially for a hotel room in HK. The location is excellent as well. It is attached to Harbour city , an upmarket shopping mall with more than 700 brands. There are alot of cafes , restaurants and shops in the mall. There are many shops outside the mall as well , including a duty free shop and several other branded stores. Hard Rock Cafe is nearby too. The MTR station is a stone 's throw away. You will not find it far as there are alot of shops to look at along the way there. Overall...a good hotel to consider , though it may be quite old....but it is still well maintained .

we have now stayed at the MP Prince on 4 occasions , and it has become our first choice when travelling through Hong Kong with our 2 children. The rooms are large by Hong Kong standards - 2 double beds and spacious bathroom/dressing room area. I would say that it is some years since the rooms were last redecorated , but this is more than compensated by the great value they represent at least when booked through Trailfinders ! and the space they offer. The Spice Market buffet has a wide variety of Asian and western cuisine and is a big hit with our kids who love cooking their own waffles ! The staff are always extremely courteous and helpful. Good location on Kowloon - in Harbour City shopping mall with dozens of upmarket shops , leading down to the waterfront and the Star Ferry. Also near MTR .

we stayed at the Marco Polo Prince Hotel in Kowloon Hong Kong for 2 nights in April 06. This hotel is in a great location - walking distance to all the Kowloon action - the foyer is modern but the rooms are very tired. The beds are a shocker - hard and very uncomfortable and if you are looking to get the head down on an comfy bed - this is not the hotel for you. The pillows are worse - they sink flat - so combine that with the hard old bed - and you get no sleep and a bad back - all for plenty of HK $ $ $ . The spice marekt on lkevel 3 has the best buffet in Asia - no issue there and there is value for money in this buffet. The hotel is connected to a shopping centre - good shops and a good coffee shop. The bar prices in the hotel will send you broke - find a better place to drink - there are plenty around. On the streets around the hotel you will get hustled for girls - mostly by a sexy female mama. Thats just par for the course in Asia. Find another hotel - this one is too uncomfortable .

jusr back from 10 nights at this great hotel. upgraded to a suite and loved the room. great size for a family and all the shopping bags. great position and great restaurants nearby. service was excellent rang for an iron and it arrived so quick i thought they must have been waiting in the corridor. my only problem if you could call it that was the one bed i slept in was very firm and it took some time to get used to..i would only stay at this hotel or maybe another marco polo hotel on my return as it made the vacation special .

my wife and I have just returned from 8 nights in HK staying at this excellent hotel. On arrival check-in was completed in a matter of minutes and all the booking details and inclusions were spot on. We were upgraded to a standard suite due to the length of our stay. The room was very clean and attention to detail was excellent. The toiletries supplied was a very nice touch as were the bath robes and scuffs. We found the buffet breakfast to be excellent , numerous choices of hot and cold dishes. This was paid for at the time of booking the hotel at the travel agent and is a must. Great value for money. The staff at the hotel were always polite and friendly. Nothing was to hard. The location was great as well. Being on Canton Road you are only a few minutes walk from the MTR , Star Ferry Terminal and buses. The hotel is part of a shopping complex with very easy access. Overall we would have no hesitation in staying again and throughly recommend this hotel .

we stayed there for the complete Chinese New Year. The staff is very friendly. We got a suite room but then we were told , this could only last until New Year , then we had to move into a different room with a higher price. With a smile on the face the receptionist explained &quot ; high booking season&quot ; .. O.K. , but what a surprise - we came into a single room , very small , small bed.. really terrible. After our complains we could move back into our previous room the price didn Â ´ t move back , of course .

