our family have visited Hongkong several times &amp ; we have stayed in this hotel twice. Was not too happy the first time as we were put in a supposedly non-smoking room with loads of cigarettes smell in both the rooms. However , this time round was alot better. The location is superb as the MTR is just at the basement of the hotel. Besides , there are many eateries within walking distance from the hotel vicinity .

i stayed here for the majority of my trip around Christmas time. I thought the location was great ! MTR at the bottom of the hotel , on Nathan Rd. , close to Temple Streetwith lots of eateries and shops close by. I would consider the room western sized. I stayed at the Kowloon hotel for 3 days and while it was nice , only really had room for the bed. Our room at the Prudential had a king sized bed and enough space for a chaise .

we arrived at 11pm and it was HOT and the door staff were so helpful with taking our luggage from us and sending it to our room .

this hotel was well situated with close links to the train and a shopping mall. Only 2 stops to hong kong island. The hotel rooms were clean and spacious. However , the staff were not as friendly as expected for a 4 star hotel .

we definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. It 's conveniently located with several MTR exits/entrances very near the hotel including one just below the hotel. Although I must say we rather use the MTR exits/entrances located just one minute walk from the hotel than go via the 4 levels of escalators to reach the MTR exit/entrance just below the hotel. Having said that , when it rains or when the weather outside turns cold , it was indeed convenient to use the MTR exit/entrance just below the hotel .

it 's okay. Expensive as every decent hotel in Hong Kong . It 's clean , the rooms were small , the location is convenient it 's inside a mall haha , and the staff is okay HK people are not that nice anyways.. .

fantastic hotel with great service , good sized rooms not little boxes. Duplex rooms have balconies looking over Nathan Rd which is beautiful at night. Friendly helpful staff and the breakfast is great. Great rates by booking at the hotel site over the net and we only booked two weeks prior to arrival. We 've stayed there twice now and the quality of service and room has been fantastic each time. Close to markets , directly above an MTR Train station which makes travel around Hong Kong and also to Shenzheng in China easy and cheap. Tour office on reception floor of hotel if wanted where the staff are helpful. Highly recommend it .

this hotel was in a great location and it was spotlessly clean. The staff were lovely and we will certainly go back there .

stayed at the Prudential hotel during end of Oct. 2009 .

we had a lovely stay at the Prudential. Right from the moment we arrived the staff could n't have been more attentive. The entire hotel was spotless and we found it totally faultless. Breakast was included in our tariff and was a great start to the day. We did n't have evening dinner in the hotel but ate twice at the restaurant in the basement just before entering the Jordon MTR .

we stayed six nights at the Prudential and were quite happy with it. The location , in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Nathan Road is great and the hotel is directly connected via a shopping centre to Jordan MTR station , no need to get out ! The rooms are decently sized and with tasteful and modern decor. Wide king size bed it could be longer flat screen TV .

prudential Hotel HK

the hotel is right above the Jordan MTR station and right along Nathan Road--the central street of Kowloon. The hotel is located walking distance from the Tsim Sha Tsui neighbourhood which will provide great access to amazing harbour views and tourist attractions. Even the standard rooms are spacious , clean and very comfortable. The hallways are very bright and smelled very nice. The only downside about this hotel is the lack of free internet access in the rooms and the hotel 's surcharges are not cheap. Overall , great hotel at a great location for a great price !

me and my wife loved this hotel very much ; FRIENDLY STAFF , VERY FAST LIFT , MODERN EQUIPPED ROOM &amp ; STRATEGICALLY LOCATED below is JORDAN MTR . Definitely will check in this hotel next time .

we had a duplex suiote which was v lovely being 2 storeys . the bed and pillows were very comfortable and room facilities were adequate .

i enjoyed my stay at the Prudential Hotel , particularly since I felt lucky to have received a room that had the all-glass bay window , so I could step into the bay window , and have sense of being suspended over Nathan Road , a very commercial street. While the room was rather small , the space was utilized with the greatest efficiency. The room was very clean , and it had even slippers available. For its price , the hotel definitely delivers more than expected .

was upgraded to the Penthouse level when we arrived late at night and rooms are fully occupied .

a friend and I stayed in an executive room for 7 nights in mid August. The rooms are very nice , on the small side but still enough room. It had everything that we needed. The free wireless internet access leaves a lot to be desired. On the 15th floor we only ever had a low strength connection that constantly dropped out , this proved very annoying while trying to book airline tickets .

this hotel is in a fantastic location. Jordan station is just a few floors down from the hotel. Nathan Road &amp ; buses on the doorstep &amp ; very easy walking distance to Temple Street Night markets. Rooms were clean &amp ; comfortable with plenty of room for a standard hotel room. As sightseeing &amp ; shopping were our focus this hotel was ideal. Air con which is a must was good &amp ; English channels on the TV enough to keep us happy. A very pleasant stay .

i was here for a weekend right after the Chinese New Year. This is a great location. Right on Nathan Road and all of the wonderful shopping. The room was a good size and clean. The bar/lounge was very nice. The staff was very pleasant and very helpful. Did I mention the location ? The Jordan MTR is right there. If you stay in Kowloon , this is the place to stay ! !

get the train at the airport and it drops you off under the hotel.Rooms are ok with aircon and a good bathroom.Ask for free internet when you check in.Bars and restaurants in the hotel are a bit pricey though,so .. McDonalds 100m away and a 7 11 shop 25m away for a beer in your room if you want.Chinese breakfast available at a shop behind the hotel 15 HKD,and pastries and coffee available over the road.A reasonable curry can be found on Nathan Road 150m away with a couple of beers 150HKD.Go to harbour at 7.30 to get a good spot for light show,and be there for 7.00 if your going to the peak to watch.Go early,9.00ish for nong ping and disney .

booked online and was not expecting too much , but was really pleasantly surprised. really central position on nathan road- though not in most touristy section of it , which suited us perfectly. its in same building as the MTR , so makes getting about really easy. simple to find the hotel- easy from A21 bus from airport which was cheaper than airport express and nice service. hotel staff didnt really say much- but if you arent there to make friends with them ! then you will be fine- they are courteous but dont get too involved unless u make an effort to greet them etc- this was fine by us ! ! room was a twin though we thought we had asked for a double , but hotel was full , so couldnt change it. large room- comfy beds , and very clean. perfect base for exploring an awesome city ! we didnt eat at hotel as there were cheaper more interesting places nearby .

stay there twice , once at the end of Jan , and coming back on the Feb. Both time we were upgrade to a better room. Staff are friendly , Room are clean , service was fast , room are big for HK standard , bed are comfortable , king size bed are actually california king size so they are huge. Location are the best , they are close to everything. Highly recommended .

let me first say that for those who are looking for a hotel which is near an mtr , reasonable rates , great service , fantastic location , surrounded by food stalls , 7-elevens and shopping streets , look no further .

cleanliness : clean linen , clean bathroom

this hotel is much better than a few hotels I have stayed in. Clean and spacious at least to me . I had once stayed in Dorsett Seaview which was a big mistake .

when I first checked in the executive room I was kind of pleased by the way the room looked , but to my horror when I checked the bed before I was going to sleep I found what looked like pubic hair on it , and a dead BED BUG ! ! ! First I called the reception to ask them to change my sheets but then I decided to ask them to change room. After I did so , the new bed had hair on it , so I asked to see a manager this time and I got upgraded to the mezzanine suite , not so much of an upgrade because it was a smoking room and the mezzanine is not very convenient I do not recommend for people with kids or old people , because you have to go up and down all the time since the bed is upstairs. Also it 's very dangerous , you can hit your head very easily on those spiral stairs which happened to one of us .

the hotel staff was very accommodating and helpful. Every question and concern I had was attended to in a timely manner. The hotel is located above the Jordan MTR and just one stop away from Tsim Sha Tsui. I would stay there again and recommend the hotel to another friend .

the rooms are small , but very nice ! Bathtub , nice desk , comfy beds and generally everything you need. Complimentary internet in the rooms is also a nice touch .

i had a great deal booking it online. Great Location. The subway station is underneath the hotel. Buses are across the street. Distance from all shopping areas .

probably fair for the price as Hong Kong is very expensive to stay in. I did expect it to be a bit nicer. It is a place to sleep .

nice hotel , great value for money , superb location , highly efficient and polite staff who responds to requests within minutes with typical Hong Kong efficiency - so efficient makes the Germans feel ashamed. Very very clean beddings and toilets. Run like an expensive Swiss clock. Makes you feel superbly safe and happy. Location superb , just ontop the centrally located Jordan subway station , so whole of Hong Kong and Kowloon just minutes away , literally at your feet ! Quick check in , quick check out. Only grouses are : no free mineral water in rooms , and room-based wireless broadband access sucks , business office internet rates exorbitant. wireless broadband access in rooms can not support computers running Vista .

i have stayed at the Prudential Hotel on several occasions over the past 2-3 years. One attraction for me is that it is located right above the Jordan MTR metro station. As I have owned an Octpus card Hong Kong 's EXCELLENT smart card system for some 11 years now , I live on the MTR to get around. It 's fast , efficient , and so easy to use .

hotel was in a Good location right beside the Jordan subway stop.A bus from the airport will also take you to the door basically. Hotel is in Nathan road and is only a few Mins walk from The harbour and some large malls. Also to the star Ferry. Hotel was comfortable,clean and in good condition.No noise in room even though located on Nathan Road. The rooms were quite large and modern and there was a widescrean tv with some english channels. near a pacific coffee company cafe which is good for breakfast and free internet. To get to this and harbour head left at nathan road when you leave the hotel. The staff seemed friendly. There is also a pool on the roof but can be closed a bit due to the many thunderstrom warnings in the summer. Overall good stay and great value. Wold stay here again .

my wife and I spent four nights at the Prudential on a stopover en route to Bali. The hotel is easy to get to from the international airport either by Airport Express train and hotel shuttle or thye A21 bus service. Situated directly above Jordan MTR station it is ideally situated for visiting all areas of Hong Kong. It is also just twenty minutes walk down Nathan road to the Star Ferry pier and two streets away from Temple Street night market. The check in and check out was efficient , Room well appointed and clean with a comfortable bed. Bar a pleasant place to spend and hour or so after sightseein. Breakfast superb with a choice of eastern and western fare and crispy bacon ! ! !

so far I 've stayed here 3 times and I do n't mind it .

stayed 4 nights we were early so had to wait till room ready which is fine but then when got room was twin bed not double they said all doubles gone but room was good clean comfy beds and pillows breackfast was great

location is excellent. Its just above the JORDAN MTR which is one stop away from the Tsim Shat Sui Area. However , after you exit from the MTR , you enter into the Mall which is of about 6 floors. They only had escalators which are switched off in the night. So you have to climb up after the days hard work ! !

con

my husband and I spent one night here during a stopover on our journey back to the UK. The hotel was very easy and inexpensive to get to , we just took the A21 bus which had a stop directly in front of the hotel. Upon checkin , we were told the hotel was full and we were upgraded to a suite. Due to the lack of time we could spend in Hong Kong , we did not stay in the hotel for a long period of time. We found the Prudential Hotel a perfect location for getting around the city easily. It is located above the Jordan station which can connect you to Hong Kong Island .

as a college graduation present I took my 22 year old niece to Hong Kong. Neither of us had previously been to Hong Kong. We loved our stay at the Pruton Prudential Hotel. The location to the Jordan Station MTR and the Temple Street Market was fabulous. The room was spacious and spotless with excellent service by all staff members. We really enjoyed the roof-top pool. Excellent reasonably priced restaurants fill the neighborhood. Unless you want to party late into the night in SODO , I highly recommend this hotel .

this place has everything you 'd expect from a plush hotel

i stayed at the Pudential over the May day long weekend. I booked a superior deluxe room because it had free internet access , but because I had no laptop I had to pay HK $ 50 each time I used the internet in the business centre ! Very poor PR , I felt. There was never anyone in the business centre , so what was the problem ? I had to use the cofee shop up the road .

convenient location

great location and great value hotel. Will definitely stay there again .

it was a first trip to Hong Kong and after much research we decided on the Prudential for its location and price. It was close enough to walk to the harbour in 20 minutes or a bour a 5 minute subway ride which was a couple bucks. There are lots of restaurants within walking distance and the shopping neearby is endless .

we stayed here 2 years ago , booked through asiarooms.com and the rates were actually better than on the hotel website at the time ! .

thanks to the many previous reviews provided by others who stayed at Pruton Prudential before , we decided to book it on booking.com .

chose this hotel based on TripAdvisor recommendations. It was n't spectacular and it was n't horrible. It was pretty no-frills ... room looked a little tired and could use some updating. Was disappointed that internet was so costly. Breakfast was a great deal - HK $ 99 for 2 people ... about US $ 12 for 2. Nothing to rave about , but nothing major to complain about. This place serves the purpose. If you 're not going to be in your hotel too much anyway - we were n't - it 's a fine choice. Convenient to the Metro and was easily accessible to / from the airport .

this has been my best hotel experience ever. The rooms , the service , the spa , everything. The staffs specially were very polite and couteous. Its located in the busiest street of hong kong,both for tourists and business. Best thing is the price. For the price of a 2star hotel. Way very cheap compared to other 4 and 5 stars in the same location .

we checked in at 8.30pm , very easy to check in went up to room which stank of smoke , when back down to check in desk , took a short while to get a non smoking room , which we finally did , what a big differnce. Had some nice complimentry fruit in room on arrival.Room looked out over Nathan street .

we have just spent a week in March at the Prudential Hotel and found everything to our liking. Our deal had breakfast included which we found had a great selection , The omletes were real Good . Our room was very suitable and well serviced. The Bar

we stay on 16/F , just a floor below the roof top observation tower and swimming pool. Very quiet and room is clean and spacious. You can take Airport Express Bus No. A21 direct to the hotel and the Jordon MRT is just at basement of the hotel. Walking distance to shopping area like Park Mall and Tsimshatsui. Many restaurants and eateries around cater local or international cuisine .

very nice hotel with good location..rooms are clean and roomsize is good. jordan MTRstation was under the hotel.breakfast was good and we got it 990HKD/2 persons. in hotel is disney 's ticketshop where you can buy cheap tickets to disneyland.near the hotel behind tak hing street is good restaurant called &quot ; king 1&quot ; it 's cheap and sweet and sour pork is there so good !

my wife and I have just returned from a five night stay at the prudential. The hotel is in a great location on Nathan road. We got the a21 bus from the airport for $ 33 which drops off right outside the hotel. It is also directly above the jordan MTR station which makes everywhere easily accesible. I booked our stay thorugh lastminute.com and got a really good rate. Check in was easy , we arrived early and the desk staf where more than happy to let us check in early , they where very freindly and helpful and where very keen to make pleasant conversation. We had a kingsize room and the bed was enormous and was really soft and comfortable. If I had one complaint though the room was a little on the small side and there was n't much room for luggage. The bathroom was fine and the room was very clean and everything was in good order .

decided to stay at hotel on friend 's recommendation &amp ; after reading the reviews. Indeed , it was a breeze taking the A21 bus only HKD33 each from the airport to the hotel doorstep. Room was a comfortable size &amp ; quiet. Location is excellent. You can find many eateries offering wanton noodles , seafood , dim sum , desserts etc in the Jordan area Pilkem , Parkes , Woosung just opposite the hotel. Ladies market is within walking distance , one MTR station away. Also , shopaholics should not miss checking out Granville Road nearby. Jordan station just below hotel means easy access to Central &amp ; Causeway Bay on Hong Kong Island .

stayed at the Prudential for 3 nights and was given the 14th floor. Got a very good deal from booking.com at HKD 500 per night. Was given a queen-sized bed , with bathtub. Tea-making facilities and safe in room. The MTR was right beneath the hotel and was very accessible to many places. The Jordan station could lead us to Central , Tsim Sha Tsui , etc... Had a shopping mall right beneath. Staff spoke english and was helpful. There 's a travel agency which sells Ocean Park and Disneyland tics. Got a good deal for the Disneyland , only HKD 295 per adult , instead of HKD 350 at Disney .

i stayed here for a couple of nights. I found it good value. My room was a very good size and I was pleasantly surprised to find it had a bath as well as a shower. I had read revues that suggested it was noisy as it was above a shopping complex on Nathan road , but my room faced the back and was very quiet - so much so that I nearly overslept and missed breakfast one day ! Breakfast was good and kept me going all day , but I did n't eat any other meals in the hotel as they looked quite pricey. Position was very good- on the airport bus route , by the MTR station and within walking distance of the harbour and star ferry , the night market , jade market , lady market etc. The pool was not open , but I was aware of that before booking .

i booked it shortly in advance and got a very good rate for such a proper hotel. Nice room interrior with window and all amenities. But we were not able to switch on the heating and TV on our own and were to lazy to ask for help. Coffee shops around the area for breakfast. MTR station in the same building directly in the main street of Kowloon with a lot of shopping and also local restaurants. Good area to stay in and you can see many tourists on the streets but still feel like in real HK .

a centrally-located hotel that sits directly above the Jordan MTR station. The A21 bus from the HK International Airport HK $ 33 drops you off right at the front door and check in was efficient and pleasant. The room was well appointed and the bed was very comfortable and not too firm , unlike the hard matresses that I have slept on in mainland China. The buffet breakfast HK $ 100 with in-room voucher was pretty average and you could do better elsewhere. Left luggage was efficiently managed and secure with bags roped together and stored under netting. About 15 TV channels on offer mainly Chinese langauage , but a couple of English and Japanese stations as well as in-house movies. Complementary fruit and water 2 of each , tea and coffee facilities and a stocked minibar. My room 1012 over looked Nathan Rd. While my room was not that large nor tiny , it was clean , fresh even though it was a smoking room and was more than adequate. Reasonably-priced at about US $ 100 .

the Prudential Hotel is ideally located , it is situated amongst the hustle and bustle of Kowloon 's shopping and eating district. Being located above the Jordan MTR station makes this hotel so convenient , which was especially important for us as we were traveling with our 10 month old daughter. We stayed for 10 days before heading back home to NZ .

we just came back from 4 nights stay at the prudential. We could n't fault this Hotel. Booked it on booking.com and paid on arrival .

i used agoda. com to book this hotel it was about 90 USD plus tax. it was such a welcome change from the other hotel i was staying at. it was cleaner , roomier , had shopping arcade in the first floor. it was very close to harbour city and the harbour itself. it was also close to the train stations , jordan station. great ! would recommend !

just returned from a 4 night stay at the Prudential Hotel , Hong Kong. We booked 2 Executive rooms 5 travelling through Expedia including breakfast and free WiFi Access although we did n't use this as we did n't bring a laptop .

i stayed here for 8 nights with a break in between. We had free airport shuttle vouchers we used to transport us to the hotel. The hotel sits on Jordan MTR. Check in was quick and painless .

hi,

stayed an enjoyable 3 days whilst taking my mother to visit relatives in HK. She is 83 years old and the front desk promptly gave us a room on the 12th floor nearest the lift. The duty manager also kindly extended our check-out on last day to match our flight times so my mother can rest before going to airport. We also had good help from the concierge so I do n't really understand what the fuss was with other complaints about front desk on this website , perhaps our ability to speak Cantonese made a difference ? The location of this hotel is excellent so even my 83 year old mother was using the HK MTR subway as this hotel is right above the JORDAN MTR station .

booked the Hotel through Travelocity.com and got it at about HK $ 900/day for superior room. The room is kinda small by other country standards but sizeable enough for 2 people and good enough by HK standard. If you have big luggage you may have a issues keeping it .

we stayed here for 3 nights end of June 2008 .

great location for travel , all atractions close or very easy acsses buy rail. The hotel is nextdoor to rail , with very easy acsses and shopping mall. We came by boat from Macua and it was a short taxi ride from the termanal , but it is a easy train rid from airport. Great little bakery across the road if you dont like the hotels breaky and good value restarunts near buy. Had the seafood night at hotel , good and plenty to select from. Good clean stay would do it again .

the hotel was easy to find and the staff were helpful. The room was really lovely and spacious , the best value for money we found in Hong Kong. It is also literally around the corner from the markets at Kowloon , we ate at the night market and shopped for trinkets every night after a hard day sightseeing ! Perfect .

on Kowloon side , very convenient to mtr at jordan station great for few night in HK

stayed here three nights on way back to England from Australia. I thought that this was very good value for money accommodation. I would stay here again and would recommend it .

i stayed there twice earlier this month and can only recommend the Prudential Hotel .

i thought this hotel was excellent for the price. My deluxe room was a good size , on the 12th floor overlooking the Nathan Road. The bed was a huge queen size &amp ; very comfortable and you get complimentary bottled water , fruit &amp ; newspaper , downside was the price of drinks in the bar &amp ; the restaurant. I found reception &amp ; concierge very helpful. Hotel was in a great location - easy to get around. I would recommend getting the airport express train &amp ; bus connection , it drips you off just round the corner from the hotel , but the pickup point is further away so I got a taxi to Kowloon station for HK $ 25

we stayed 3 nights here at the end of our honeymoon. We got an executive suite and it was a good size. I would n't call it big , but from what i have heard about hong kong hotels being TINY , i think it was probably quite big. Great bathroom and shower , massive comfy bed. Good high speed internet. Friendly staff. Great breakfast , although we only paid for one breakfast , and they would n't let us change the date of which we took it which was just nonsense. my husband got cross with them and they then let us , but it was so silly .

i checked in late because of a delayed arrival. I was given a smoking room despite of my reservation for a non-smoking one. I called the reception to sort this out and they came to my room with a spray deodorant to cover the stale of smoke. Of course I did not accept ,and asked to be relocated to a different room. I was reluctantly given one which , however , had definitely not been dusted for a few days .

my wife and I stayed a couple of nights here on the way to Vietnam. We opted for the best location that was within walking distance to the Nathan St area and markets , as opposed to something more luxurious. We did n't expect much , but were very pleasantly surprised when we arrived. The staff was friendly , courteous and very helpful. We had a lot of luggage since we were staying a month in a 3rd world country. The bellhops did not complain once .

we stayed for four nights in early November. We arrived as notified at midnight and our preference for a king bedded room could n't be met. We were told that the previous occupant had n't checked out - hmm. However , they did offer to change our room the following day. This seemed like a pain so the next day we cancelled the change and kept the twin bedded room. Based on a previous reviewer 's suggestion we asked for a high floor and were on the 12th , overlooking a small side street and it was surprisingly quiet. The only disturbance we had was from other guests being inconsiderately noisy in the corridor late at night. The room was small and furnished a bit like a TravelLodge in the UK and the bathroom was very tiny indeed but the bedding was very clean , the bed comfortable and the towels new although far too small ! Daily room servicing was skimped a bit but acceptable for this grade of hotel .

i agree with many previous reviews. The hotel is in a good location , right above the MTR stop. The rooms are kind of small and nothing to write home about. The surrounding area is not great either , but it is very close to the night market , the promenade and other tourist attractions. And the price was right at $ 120 USD per night. Only complaints - hotel staff was rude to us on many occasions .

great Location , on top of MTR subway makes it handy for getting around and shopping , good sized clean room for HK , helpful staff

we stayed at the Prudential Hotel from October 1- October 10th. The hotel is located very centrally right above Jordan MRT. This was a great locatIon as it was only a few minutes away from Temple Street Market and also Central station .

we stayed at Prudential Hotel for 6 nights in Oct 2008 .

stayed there end Sept. for 4 nights. I had some misgivings after reading the reviews , but the location + price won , and I 'm happy to report that everything was OK , starting with the bus straight from the airport , without having to change and wait for a free shuttle , and then , again , we just crossed Nathan rd. on the other side , and in a few minutes we had A21 back to the airport , the journey taking about 50 minutes. You get to see the city and it was very handy and great ! Night market - 7 min. walk. Ladies ' market - 20 min easy walk. Star Ferry - also between 15-20 min walk. At the beginning we used the MTR with the Octopus , but we found the air conditioning freezing , and a lot of walking in &amp ; between the stations , so whenever possible - we walked. Breakfast - sushi , dim sum , scrambled eggs per request - worth the money , since , personally , I hate to wake up in the morning &amp ; search for a place for breakfast , and either they speak poor English , or I could n't understand what they were saying.. .

great location on Tsim Sha Tsui. Jordan MTR subway is directly below the hotel so access is perfect. Cabs are easy to get .

i stayed at the Prudential Hotel with my mum for 5 nights in a twin deluxe room. I must say that the hotel is perfectly located to close proximity to public transport with a bus stop right outside the hotel/shopping plaza and the Jordan MTR right underneath. As previously mentioned by other guests , the best way to access the MTR is via the street entry/exit on Nathan Rd and not the Prudential Hotel entry/exit as there are about 5 levels of escalators to go up to reach the hotel entry .

we stayed at the hotel for seven nights during the heat of September .

first off , this would n't be a TripAdvisor review of Pruton Prudential without a swipe at the directions to the lobby from the MTR station. Yeah , they suck. Once you know where the door that leads to the lobby is , it 's really , really obvious , but to be honest , if you have bags and you do n't want to mess around , just go outside at first and follow the building around the corner. Besides , it 's probably the only time you 'll get to see the pretty street-level entrance if you 're normally heading out to Nathan Road or the MTR in the future .

i stayed with my family in Prudential Hotel for 4 nights in September 2008 .

i was on a business trip and had to stop by in HK. Based on reviews , I choose its hotel for its location. Effectively , it is very well situed at the bottom of Nathan Road. So if you want to be in Kowloon , it is an excellent place to stay .

spent 3 nights here on business and really enjoyed it .

indeed , like many other travellers whom had stayed at Prudential Hotel , the hotel is situated at a very good spot just along Nathan Road. There are plenty of eatry and shops are just at the doorsteps. The room is minimal but spacious in HKG standard. Ca n't asked for more. It will definitely my choice of stay for my next trip .

i have stayed in the hotel from 08.08.08 - 13.08.08 and I would say what you see in the pictures is what you get. Clean room , bedsheets and etc. Very helpful concierge as well .

we stayed at the Prudential for 2 nights on our way home after spending 4 weeks in Europe - after reading recommendations on this website - good value for money. Great position - located in Nathan Road over the Jordan Station. Caught the A21 bus from the airport $ HK33 each which took approximately 1 hour but saw the sights on the way. Bus stopped outside the hotel. We arrived at 9.15am and were able to get into our room straight away - very pleasant reception staff. Great service by all staff although the Concierge was a little under pressure during the day and not as attentive to our enquiries .

location

just came back today from a 5 nights stay at Prudential. It is exactly like what the earlier reviews said. Lovely place !

my three children and I stayed at the Prudential for 9 days. It was a great hotel for us. The Jordan MTR under the hotel made getting around so easy. The room was clean and comfy and the breakfast buffet set us up for a busy day of exploring. The staff were helpful and friendly. We had a view out to the buildings at the back but this was not a negative , we had sun in our rooms in the morning and enjoyed watching the activities in the buildings nearby.i.e. a movie being filmed on a rooftop and the daredevil bamboo scaffolders at work. I would stay in this hotel again if I came to Hong Kong. P.S. There is a very cheap laundry at the far end of the backstreet , and the Kamazaki bakery across the road in Nathan Rd is a great place for rolls , cakes and snacks at very affordable family friendly prices. .

i stayed at Prudential in June and July and on both occasions found the hotel to be clean , well serviced and the concierge Stanley especially to be very courteous and helpful .

we just return from our 4 nights stay at the Prudential Hotel. It was our third time in HK and decided to try out this hotel for the first time and was not disappointed. Prudential sits atop the Jordan MTR made travelling to TST , Mongkok and HK Island a breeze. Smack in the heart of Nathan Road , you are not far from all the shopping actions in TST or Mongkok. There are many shops and eateries around the hotel if not opposite , especially the Satay King at the basement of the hotel. It is just so convenient that we often drop by our hotel to drop off our shopping bags and carry on from there again !

this hotel lived up to my expectation as I was looking for a hotel with clean and comfortable room/beds , close proximity to the MTR and in a mid range price. All my expectations were satisfied. We booked the Earlybird package for a week , and found the room very clean and comfortable. Although not much of a view and limited TV channels , the convenience to the Jordan MTR , shops and reasonable price made up for it. The staff were very friendly and helpful .

the Pruton Prudential Hotel in Hong Kong offers excellent accommodation right in the middle of Nathan Road .

we stayed here in nov 07 in a group

after reading some of the reviews about the Prudential Hotel here , I decided to book it. I was not disappointed. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in a deluxe room. The room was very spacious and had a very comfortable king sized bed , an electric kettle , safe , flat screen tv and free internet. The bathroom was well sized and had a decent hairdryer. The hotel also has a roof top swimming pool and a small gym .

we booked a deluxe room and it 's a huge room for HK standards that could accomodate 3 adults and 1 child. There was no need to get an additional bed for the third adult as the sofa could be used as a bed. The room was large enough for me to do some simple cooking for my 18-month-old toddler .

this hotel is in a great location just a short walk to all the late night shopping and markets ! ! ! ! !

the last two times that I stayed in Hong Kong I stayed at the Prudential. The arrangements were made by my travel agent .

we booked a double room to use for a few hours before our flight home. The location of the hotel is ideal for being in the centre of things in HK. We found the room to be clean , tidy and comfortable. Although we only used the room in the afternoon and early evening , there appeared to be quite a bit of noise from the surrounding rooms and the corridor so not sure if this would disturb your sleep or not thorough the night. All in all , it seemed like a fairly decent hotel , not sure if I 'd rate it as a 4 * though as a lot of the paintwork needed a tidy up. Overall though , it was perfectly fine for what we needed and would seem like a good base for exploring the sites .

all that needs to be said about its location has already been mentioned , right on top of Jordan MTR Exit E to directly access the hotel and shopping centre .

i think you can make an effort in finding something more attractive .

hey there , i 've just come back after a three week stay here at the prudential hotel

im from HK so this is my view on the hotel. I do n't believe I have very high standards and I know space is limited .

the room was a reasonable size for HK with short King bed and small sofa. Flat screen LCD TV but TV in HK is terrible if you do n't have satellite , which Pruton does n't . Small bathroom but everything was spotlessly clean so no complaints. Water pressure was great and water was HOT in a nanosecond ! Complimentary bottled water x2 replaced daily was nice touch as the tap water is ordinary .

great hotel , clean , nice rooms. Easy access , just go upstairs from the Jordan MTR stop. Easy access to Lan Kwai Fong and shopping areas .

my family stayed at the Prudential Hotel from 25/01/08 to 27/01/08 - 3 days 2 nights .

we arrived by Airport Express and then the free shuttle bus from Kowloon Station , which stopped a block down the road I would have found it hard to find the hotel had a friend not met us ! . It is a bit

loved our time at the Prudential. I went there with a friend and we were able to get very good rates with free late check out at 4pm. The hotel readily met our requests for a twin , no-smoking room - we just emailed the hotel a week before our stay. The room was large by HK standards , with basic amenities. Best of was the location - the hotel was so close to the MTR which was much appreciated after a long day of walking and shopping. Also , Jordan station was so near the other major stations , less the maddening crowds of Mongkok or Tsimshatsui at weekends .

the best thing I like about Prudential Hotel is its location. It sits conveniently above the Jordan MTR station. i 've been to Hong Kong twice and had previously stayed at another hotel Nathan Hotel which was about 10 minutes walk away from the Jordan MTR Station. After a long day of touring and shopping , I can tell you that walking 10 minutes from the station to your hotel is pretty tiring ! So , Prudential 's location is really great !

i got a pretty good deal from zuji.com. about US $ 100 a night .

the hotel was in a great location , just above the MTR station. However , there were stairs before you find the hotel , so not convenient when you first arrive and do n't know where the hotel is. The room did not have a good view , but that 's okay since it is common in HK anyway. The room was nicely decorated and clean .

i stayed at the Prudential Hotel in late November 07. My booking was made after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. I found that the previous reviews were justified in recommending this hotel. My room was very modern and well decorated , one of the highlights was the large flat screen TV. The standard of the room far surpassed the money that I paid. The room was very clean with the hotel servicing it daily. To get to the hotel you must change trains twice , but once you get to the hotel the location is fantastic , with the hotel above Jordan MTR. I did a lot of exploring during my stay , and had no problem in finding the hotel again. The hotel also supplies a map of the area which is very beneficial .

the location of the Prudential CAN NOT be beat. I needed to stay on the Kowloon side but even if I did not I would recommend this hotel simply for the adjoining Jordan MTR station. We bought an &quot ; octopus card&quot ; and zipped around Hong Kong , to all the sites and across the harbor in minutes. My daughter who lives in NY marveled at how superior the subway system was compared to NY. But more about the hotel...the rooms were much larger than I expected. We were told than we had been upgraded but after reading all the reviews on this hotel , we believe that they may tell everyone that and the &quot ; superior ' room we got was really no different than the &quot ; standard ' room booked. No matter , it 's a nice marketing strategy and the bottom line was a room that was large enough for two women , all our luggage , multiple hair appliances and toiletries - you get the picture. The furnishings are basic and plain but comfortable and clean. About hair dryers - there is a built into the wall style dryer in the bathroom but we did n't know that and brought our own. I prefer mine anyway But even with an adaptor and transformer best deal is Wal-Mart $ 19.95 the dryer did not blow at full power and weakened the longer you used it. The showers were fantastic...shower heads have quite a bit of pressure and plenty of hot water. The beds were very comfy , especially the comforters and pillows. The room was quiet no noise between walls however the doors on all rooms make a huge noise that ca n't be helped. If you want to sleep in , bring ear plugs. Much has been written about the buffet breakfast so I will also weigh in....it is $ 99 HK about $ 12 US and has made to order omelets , hot cereal called porridge which was a thin oatmeal - great mixed with the granola to thicken it up - toast , hot dishes , fruit , yoghurt , etc. Is it worth it ? Yes if you want some American choices for your meal. You can also order off a menu which they wo n't offer unless you ask. I found out that if I only had oatmeal from the buffet , the a la carte menu price was $ 48 HK $ 6 US . Some mornings we went to the Starbucks around the corner. Once we tried the close by Australian Dairy recommended in another review. For $ 22 HK you get a big plate of eggs scrambled or fried and 2 thick pieces of buttered toast plus a broth soup with macaroni in it. Very inexpensive and filling. You can also get pastries for breakfast for cheap in the subway...there 's lots of clean shops in the underground. For the price we paid $ 112 US this hotel ca n't be beat !

i booked a room with my wife and 5 years old girl between 18-21 Nov. The room is ok in size for 3 Asians with an extra bed added . Clean and simple , this hotel is great when you have a kid with you as the MTR station Jordan is just right below .

i stayed here for 5 nights as part of a business trip , and would definitely recommend this hotel .

i stayed here for my 2nd night after I could n't extend my stay at the Eaton Hotel see my review . I rented the Superior room ~ C $ 150 and it was bigger than the room I had at the Eaton Hotel. The beds were softer and the TV was more modern flatscreen . There is a pretty small security safe but it required a key , which you need to get from the front desk , although , I was n't informed of this when I checked in - not sure why I was n't told in advance as I 'm sure most people generally use the safe to put their valuables for safe keeping. The key to the room reminded me of the key you use to enter the bathroom at a gas station - it 's an actually metal key with a 1x3 inch somewhat cumbersome &quot ; keychain&quot ; which is also used to power on the room - it 's definitely too big to put in my wallet. Wi-fi internet access is available from the room for a fee. All in , I was happy with the place .

after spending hours searching for hotels on this site and after good feedback from others decided to book direct with the hotel. Others had advised that interconnecting rooms were available here and as we are a family of 5 this is very important to us also this site recommended asking for a room overlooking Nathan road which we did and were not disappointed. The hotel was geat the rooms of a decent size but the fact that the hotel is on top on the MTR Jordan station and a stones throw from the Temple Street markets made it a fantastic choice for us. My only gripe would be that breakfast is not included and therefore pretty expensive but we only ate there once preferring to eat at the local Mc Cafe or Starbucks or pick up food en route to attractions etc. We all LOVED HK the kids thought is amazing and Disneyland was very quiet in comparison to the USA but we thought the Ocean Park theme park even better than Disney. Also visited China for the day , thought we could go it alone but is very difficult getting the visa if you are not part of an organised trip so would not advise to go it alone , its also very expensive to get a visa on your own. Others in our party opted for the serous shopping experience but we decided in the cultural experience and only had 1 hour shopping which was enough as there is so much stuff to buy you could get seriosly carried away....many did ! !

clean comfortable hotel , nathan street shops and night markets walking distance , the buffet breakfast was good value for money and filled us up till lunch , did wonder about carrots being on the menu ! the underground rail was directly under the hotel and was easy to use , we bought octopus card , staff spoke english very well and were friendly , we would go back to this hotel again and would recommend it to friends and family thinking of a holiday in hong kong hotel had all basic needs .

my third visit to HK , and we decided to try out this hotel .

for the price , you ca n't beat the location of Prudential. It sits on top of the Jordan MTR stop , and there are bus stops right outside the hotel. There is plenty to do within walking distance , including the harbor , which , if you choose , you can get to during a nice walk through Kowloon Park .

perfect ! Perfect ! Perfect ! The Prudential is located in the perfect spot for getting around Hong Kong. It is a very short walk to the Temple St night market , a pleasant walk to the harbour and surrounds , with plenty of shops to distract you on the way ! There are plenty of local restaurants to choose from we ate where the locals ate , and NEVER got sick ! . And if you do n't like walking Jordan MTR station is right below you and several buses stop right in front of the hotel - we used both modes of transport to get around there were 5 of us so we did n't bother with a taxi and my teenage kids were really impressed with the public transport system. We purchased the Octopus card - what a BRILLIANT idea , wish we had it here in Australia ! - and went about our merry way. We visited Disneyland , Hong Kong Island , Ocean Park , Stanely Market and more , all using public transport. Do n't waste your money on organized tours for these - it is so easy to get around ! We found the hotel itself very very comfortable. We were unable to get connecting rooms , but we did get adjoining rooms and this worked just as well as we did n't actually spend much time in them ! The rooms are really quite spacious I have stayed at the Park Hotel before and the Prudential was much much better ! very , very clean and comfortable. The hotel staff were polite , attentive and very helpful. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel , most especially if you have never been to Hong Kong before. The distinctive facade and observation tower on the roof made it easy to spot from the bus , so we knew when to get off ! LOVED IT !

love the general location of the hotel which is central to shops , food stores and night markets in the Jordan area. In fact it is built right over the Jordan MTR underground station. Venture into side lanes , you 'll experience the local atmosphere and culture. Yet it is within walking distance to the glitzy Tsim Sha Tsui commercial precinct , the Promenade and the Star Ferry Pier .

we booked two rooms for 2 adults and 3 children. Each room was set up with two twin beds each and when we questionned where the extra bed was , we were told that there is an extra charge ! The rooms are very small. The location was decent. Probably would not choose to stay here again .

my daughter and I spent a week in this hotel in June. The location is excellent and being able to access the MTR without going outside the Jordan station is under the hotel was brilliant .

stayed here coming and going from mainland China &amp ; Macau in 11/06 and in 05/07. The hotel is a short taxi ride from the airport express train station. Also , reasonably close to the ferry terminal to Macau or other cities up the Pearl river delta. The hotel lobby is located up 2 escalator levels from the street. Hotel staff will collect your bags at curbside and bring them up for you. The bellhop station is easily found. The onsite restaurant had a good buffet at a reasonable price. It 's on Nathan Rd. , but street noise was not a problem. It 's very close to the Jordan subway station. Room size was about average. The beds are reasonably comfortable. There is a charge for internet service. The internet time runs continuously from when it is purchased ... so not so good for just a few minutes online. There is free WiFi at 3 McDonalds restaurants and other locations , w/in a 2 to 4 block radius. All the staff was friendly and helpful w/in reasonable expectations. English lang proficiency was good. All the rooms I used were in a well maintained condition .

we chose the prudential because we wanted to be close to the Temple St Markets. We are a family of 5 and had interconnecting rooms. The location was fantastic , at first I wanted to be on the water front but could n't book anything there that was in our budget. I am so glad I did n't because when I walked down there , the atmosphere isnt nearly as good as being back where all the action and shops and markets are.. You also have the subway directly underneath the hotel so its off the train and up to your room , perfect. The hotel restaurant was excellent , best seafood buffet I have had and the service was also very good. I would recommend this to anyone .

good Hotel , great location for business trips , high speed wireless was a big help. Rooms are clean and nicely sized for Hong Kong matchbox standards .

what this hotel lacks with the room decor , it makes up with the location. The rooms are a little tired , but in Hong Kong you should not be spending much time in your rooms anyways. The loaction is great , just above the Jordon subway station. You are 2 subway stops in one direction to the Ladies Market and 2 stops in the opposite direction you are at Hong Kong Central. The Temple night market is a few easy block walk and it takes about 15 min to walk to the Hong Kong harbour .

the Room

i chose this hotel based on the reviews below and had a great stay over Chinese New Year. The room was unusual in that it was decorated like it was 1985 , however the furniture , bedlinen , towels and carpets were spotlessly clean .

the Prudential Hotel is located close to MTR-Jordan Station in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsui. Nightmarket and markets of Mongkok are easy to reach by foot .

i have just returned from an 8 night stay at this hotel over the New Year period. I booked this hotel after reading numerous reviews on this website mainly due to its location but also because it offered a competitive price at an expensive time of year .

we arrived at the Prudential early morning around 9 am. We didnt expect to be able to check in as it was so early , the staff were most helpful and offered us our room straight away even though check in is not normally till 2 am .

we go back to Hong Kong every year to visit family and had stayed in Prudential in 2005. We were happy with it last year , so decided to stay there again this year. It has a great location with many restaurants and shops nearby and reasonable priced. However , the hotel seems to have deteriorated since 2005. We stayed 5 nights at the end of Nov. 2006. We booked a moderate priced non-smoking room through Expedia average US $ 130/night plus taxes . We were upgraded to floor 13 due to full occupancy. The room is at the end of the hall room 1301 and immedialy upon opening the door , the room smells of carpet cleaning detergent or something it was really strong . I had to turn the air conditioner to high to try to remove the smell , only to a certain degree. We were tired from the long flight and it was late , so we did n't bother to request for a room change. Eventually , we got used to the smell. The room is pretty big by HK standard with a hard bed , but the bathroom is very small and not that clean , and the tub does n't drain water fast enough. The toilet paper is especially rough and cheap. Overall , we were disappointed with this hotel and will not stay here again next year. For the price we paid , we had other choices .

a short trip to Hong Kong , we only stayed 4 nights. Booked the Prudential Hotel on Expedia for $ 144CAD since none of the usual preferred hotels like Ramada HK seemed to have anything available. There must have been something going on in the city since most 5 star hotels were still available and 3-4 star properties were $ 215USD and up .

a reasonably priced hotel centrally located on Nathan Road over the Jordan MTR underground station. The Star Feyy , main shopping malls of Ocean Terminal and Langham Place as well as the restaurants on Knutsford Steps all within 10 mins walking distance .

after reading all the negative feedback , I really did n't pin too much hope on this hotel... But my four nights stay was excellent ! ! !

i stayed here for 5 nights and really can ` t see what everyone is making such a fuss about. Our only problem was finding it ! The Prudential is slap bang in the middle of Nathan Rd - a perfect location for a Hong Kong shopping veteran , with Temple St 5 mins walk to the right and the glorious haven of Kowloon Park 5 mins to the left. The entrance wasn ` t very well signed and although we had a pretty good idea where it was , we wandered aomlessly round the 1st floor of the shopping centre for 10 mins before seeing an entrance to get up to the 2nd floor. There is a &quot ; proper&quot ; entrance just round to the left hand side of the building. I think that access for the disabled would prove a problem from the ground level as I saw no lifts or ramps,but then unfortunately Hong Kong isn ` t particularly disabled friendly anywhere you go .

a great location in Hong Kong .

the best thing about the hotel is its location as there is a shopping centre downstairs and is surrounded by all the facilities of Nathan road .

my partner and I stayed at the Prudential for 3 nights in April and were expecting the worst as had read the reviews on this site. But when arrived we were met with a friendly smiley face from the concierge team who took our bags and told us where to check in .

not impressed. Hotel is difficult to find , but in a convenient spot near the Temple Street Night Market - I recommend going , and having dinner on the street at a seafood restaurant. Rooms are small and damp , bathroom floors had scum in the corners , the shower curtain was one of those you just avoid touching. No views from the room and the pool was closed for the 'Season ' although we were there during spring break and it was about 80F. Although the maids could n't find time to clean the dirty floor , she complained about makeup on a washcloth and left a note for us to call management. After I threw it in the sink and swished it around a few times , the makeup came out... nothing that impossible with some bleach and a washing machine... I called mgmt and had them clean the floors. Oh , and the toilet does n't flush until you pump the handle about 5 times .

our family had just returned from Hong Kong where we stayed at the Prudential. The location was excellent. It 's right on Nathan Road and within walking distance to the Star Ferry , subway and of course , the Temple Street Market. The rooms were small but clean. We had adjoining rooms which was an excellent feature for our teenage boys. On our 2nd day at the hotel , the electricity was shut off due to yearly maintenance. We barely had time to finish our breakfast and the lifts were shut down. Our choice was to climb up 12 floors to our hotel room or line up for the service elevator. My husband complained and a fruit basket and 4 dinner coupons were waiting in our rooms when we returned after a day of sightseeing. The pool was closed for the winter although we were there in mid March. The dinner buffet was excellent but the breakfast buffet was average. The hotel staff were fairly helpful and friendly. Overall , it 's a good budget hotel .

i 've stayed in quite a few different hotels in Kowloon before and by far this was the worst hotel ever .

i stayed in The Prudential Hotel during my last week of visit in Hong Kong. The staffs were very friendly and helpful , and they offered shuttle bus service to airport which I used on the day I left HK. Once I arrived to the airport , I realized I 've left my wallet in the hotel room , so I called the hotel and was assisted by the hotel 's manager immediately. Within 30 minutes , the shuttle bus driver returned to the airport with my wallet - with all its contents - excellent efficiency. I 'd recommend this hotel to anyone who 's visiting HK , comfortable rooms , friendly staffs , prompt service , not expensive , what else could I ask for ?

i stayed at the hotel in March and was very impressed. The room and the bathroom were large , clean and comfy. Compared to other hotels ive stayed in this was by far the best. The view from our room was of a back street but we were to busy exploring HK to be worried about that. It was in an ideal location on Nathan road above the Jordon subway which was great. The lobby was very busy at times and was very smokey but it didnt bother us. When we arrived our cases were taken straight up to the rooms and the concierge and the reception staff could not do enough for us. we did not use the gym and the pool was closed. All in all for the price we paid   45 per night for 2 people it was great value for money and i would certainly recommend it .

