we used this hotel for two nights prior to the return flight out of Hong Kong. The hotel offered us an excellent deal and we were very please with it 's cleanliness and staff. We enjoyed our stay and will recommend this hotel to our family and friends .

the hotel had a good location with the tram stop in front of the hotel. Th rooms were quite spacious and clean .

as a person who travels , there are a number of things one can use to assess a hotel or destination in general. For the Ramada HK , it 's pretty straightforward .

i was living in HK Ramada hotel for leisure. Actually , this is my third time to live in due to its nice location access to central HK and spacious room. However , i am very disappointed about front desk service this time,

recently stayed here with extended family &amp ; proved excellent value for the price. Found a deal on travelsupermarket for Â £ 38 a night. Rooms spacious &amp ; clean. However , is not on the 'right ' side of Hong Kong. Saying that , it is excellent value and was easy enough to get around tram right outside Staff friendly &amp ; helpful and replied promptly to various e-mail enquiries .

stayed at the hotel from August 1-4 , 2009. Had a non-smoking make sure you ask for it deluxe room on the 25th floor. The room had two singles and an extra bed was provided. The extra bed was not very comfortable as you could really feel the frame where the bed folded. Bathroom was quite large and came with shower stall , no tub , which was fine. There was plenty of room for all our luggage in this room. Cost was definitely good value at roughly HKD $ 500 .

just return from our trip to Hong Kong. We stayed in this Hotel from the 9th August to 11 August. We got upgraded from standard to a junior suite which was great. Everything about this hotel is great except when we check out on the 11th August to go to Macau the staff at the concierge refused to take us 6 of us to the HK-Macau ferry terminal which is only 10mins from the Hotel reason because we have luggages and there is no room on their shuttle bus for luggages. thats what they say and ask us to take a taxi.So while waiting for our taxi outside their shuttle bus area we saw their staffs helping other hotel guest assume they are americans with their luggages much much bigger than ours to board the shuttle bus to the ferry terminal. When we ask one of the staffs if we could board the bus they ask how many people and luggage and finally they allow us to board the bus. I think the Hotel practise discrimination against asian people. I think the management should look into this matter seriously because we pay the same amount as other guests do.Despite having this bad experience I would recommend others to stay here .

i am a local and as my house is under renovation , I have to find a temporary shelter. This is the best deal I got after thorough research : HK $ 8000 for a month i.e. HK $ 267 per night without breakfast. If you are a traveller for a night , it only costs HK $ 500 as advertised at their entrance. Already stayed for 10 days by now , I found this hotel very good and got all I want .

i booked the standard room for 3 people thru operator in internet and suddenly got upraded to Junior Suite when I paid it in the web. Only 99 Euros 33/person ! .

only 10 min away from city center by tram , which stops in front of hotel. Our room has been upgraded from Deluxe to Suite for free. Room was big enough for a couple and it was clean. Clean towels every day but no carpet vacuuming , so if you drop something make sure you can easily find it even after 5 nights . Besides-if you go to visit Hong Kong ask yourself how much time will you spend in the hotel ? So if you just sleep there I truly recommend this hotel. Breakfast buffet is very nice and tasty. Service staff very nice and helpful .

one of the cheapest Ramadas i 've been to. Lovely rooms but the WC is claustrophobic. The hotel is located on a busy commercial street. Lots of local colour , shops selling salted/sun dried sea food , small food stalls , noisy crowds. Far from the metro/train station .

i stayed at this hotel for four nights and had a nice stay. Although the room was not very large , it was large enough for two of us , the location was convenient , tram stop right in front of the hotel , which runs till late night , and airport bus stop was just aroud the corner , the cheapest way to the airport and took only 40 minutes when I travelled .

i have booked a standard room but got an en suite room with a living room which was quite large. Rooms are well furnished and beds are king size. You have a mini bar and even a safe. The bathroom was very clean. They give you slippers , toothbrush and all the classic stuff. Towels were white and soft. I didn&quot ; t manage to get the massage fonction of the shower though , and sometimes the water would n't get hot .

i spent there 4 nights. The rooms are very nice and large , 4 stars equal. The look out you should rather avoid because the street is very dirty. The hotel is placed in Hong Kong West part , what is not in very center however the HK trafic system is great and you can easily reach the Central or Admiraliti by tram , which is two HK $ for one travel .

was a great hotel for the price. Very clean spacious rooms , and room service was great ! The general service was very courteous and efficient. Have stayed here twice now , and plan to stay again during my next trip. Its also very convienently located !

cramped rooms , have to wait long for the lifts to arrive..if you are a non-smoker make sure u state your preferance in advance .

very good hotel in heart of the city ! ! my workplace was just 5 min drive from this hotel so no problem what so ever in terms of location ! ! ! room was superb ! ! ! very clean..toilets again very clean..no problem what so ever...staff was very friendly and knew english and service was again very good. .

using a web-site we obtained a room here for half the price Aust $ 80 that we paid for West Hotel in Kowloon for an inferior room. We were very pleased with the quality of the hotel and room and free transfer to the closest MTR station and Airport bus terminal was provided. However we were also delighted that the trams stopped right outside the hotel , providing quick access to all of Hong Kong along the main East-West streets for only 2 HKD 1 HKD for seniors ! ! . We were on floor 10 which gave an interrupted view over the harbour â € ¦ higher would be better. However it was a big clean room with a good shower room .

this was last of the 3 hotels we stayed in during our recent 19 night trip to Hong Kong. I thought it was really good value for money , especially in comparision to the Courtyard Marriott just 30 yards away .

chose this hotel because the room sizes are a bit bigger than usual and it was fairly cheap. However , the room was so gloomy and uninviting , we did not want to spend any time there. You could not even tell what the weather was like outside and the room was so dark .

i booked a room Std on twin occupancy for 2 nights. My booking was confirmed and I also called up the hotel to follow up and reconfirm the booking. When i reached the Hotel I was told that they had issued the room allocated to us to a grolup which had checked-in a day before. We were about to cancel our booking when the hotel decided to upgrade us to a Suite on the Top floors of the building. The room was one of the largest that I had ever seen and was a complete appartmrnt by itself. Though we were just given a room upgrade not all facilities came to us free but surely the stay became a memorable one .

we stayed in a suite so the room was large and had seperate living room and bedroom areas. Its a little outdated. We did get the buffet breakfast which was pretty good. The area is pretty good if you like local and want abit more of an authentic experince. We often ate from local restaurants and bought 'sourvenirs ' from local shops which didnt have the tourist price tag. There are taxi 's everywhere and a tram stop out the front which will take you to all the tourist spots. We walked around alot and had a great time checking it all out .

we booked this hotel because it provided cheap accommodation for three adults travelling together - a third bed was squeezed between twins , leaving just enough room to cope for 3 nights. As seems to be the case with the older HK hotels the mattresses were &quot ; firm&quot ; but not so that we did not sleep well in our quiet room. The staff were just ok - they seemed to resent us taking advantage of the discount for breakfast which you have to ask for at the desk - $ 69 is fairly good value. For some reason it is slightly more expensive on Sunday. There is no lounge. With regard to location it is much better than you might think looking at the map - the tram and buses stop right outside the hotel and there is a free shuttle to the nearby ferry terminal. There is also a bus stop for the airport - the single decker we caught cost $ HK20 each .

this is an average hotel and a bit dated in the decor. The staff were very friendly and helpful , but the rooms were only average and we had problems with the showers , in that it took ages for hot water to come through it always did eventually though . Also , we had requested a non-smoking room , but it was clear that the room we were in had been a smoking room sometime in the recent past. The main great thing about this hotel was the location for the price. There is a Tram stop literally outside the door of the hotel and the tram into Central , IFC , Lang Kwai Fong , etc only takes 12-15 minutes and costs HK $ 2. Given that the hotel was significantly cheaper than other more central options , this made it excellent value for money .

this hotel is located in Sheung Wan , about 15 minutes bus/tram to Central. It 's located on the HK island side. Because of its location , it is much cheaper than many other hotels. There is a tram stop in front of the hotel .

conveniently located in the Western District of Hong Kong , the island-length tram service is just outside the door , as is the airport express bus service a 40 minute ride from the airport . Tram connects you to MTR , a ten minute ride away. Bargain rate of $ 3500 HKD per week is quite reasonable given the hotel 's moderness , location and amenities .

stayed at the Ramada hotel for 7 nights with my fianc Ã © in the beginning of january , and will not be returning .

recently stayed at the Ramada for 4 nights. Booked it for Â £ 50 a night. We took the A12 bus from the airport- the bus stops literally metres from the hotel , it is so easy and costs HK $ 45 approx Â £ 4.50 .

we stayed in this hotel last weekend for 2 nites. Booked through wotif.com and got one of the best deal in town.. The check in was smooth and they allowed us an early check in. I have stayed in other HK hotel before and knew the room of a standard room in HK is really really small. We were pleasantly delighted when they upgraded us to a suite room. The suite room here was not too big but it was reasonably spacious and the view was great. We can see the harbour from our room .

the family went to HK to spend Xmas &amp ; celebrate the birthdays of our daughters. We stayed in this hotel through direct transactions. I emailed the manager &amp ; she constantly replies to my queries. The price they offered me since it was a week long package was very reasonable. We checked-in late &amp ; there was no problem at all.The staff were very friendly &amp ; communicates well. The location is fine , away from the busy streets of HK , accessible to where you want to go. Tram station is just infront of this hotel , buses &amp ; taxis are everywhere. MTR Central station can be accessed by a tram within 10mins from the hotel. Airport Express is just 5-10mins away. Convenient stores &amp ; restaurants are located everywhere. There is one problem with communication in this area. Most of the folks here are not english speaking. Anyway , we survived with sign language...The hotel looks a 5 star hotel for me. You will see few staff in the lobby but they are so helpful esp with directions. The floor lobby was very quite. The size of the room standard is just enough for us. We booked 2 standard rooms. We did n't meet any problems at all. Water was fine , TV has too many channels to watch though the unit seemed an old model but it 's not a big deal. The view from our room was not that great but not bad at all. It was a partial view of the Harbour due to the tall buildings obstructing the view. Housekeeping was great...everytime we leave our room , it was really a mess. But the housekeeper maintained the rooms clean &amp ; organized all the time. We checked-out early in the morning &amp ; it went so smooth. Overall , I would definitely stay in this hotel again. The reviews I have read before I decided to stay in this hotel helped me a lot..though some comments would make you really think twice.But as they say if you do n't know how to appreciate things , you will never be satisfied at all .

stayed here on Jan 11 2009 for business stayed here a few times before and found the hotel to be an above average property. When you consider that hotels in HK can easily go for $ 200 to $ 300 a night , this Ramada is an excellent value .

booked on the basis of the good reviews here but was a little disappointed. While it 's true that there is easy access to Central by the tram and cabs are cheap enough to use them every day , psychologically this hotel feels quite removed from the rest of the city. I never wanted to go back in the middle of the day or even before dinner to drop things off , etc. Might be ok if you are on a family trip or with a tour group , but if you are a solo traveler I 'd probably stay elsewhere. The neighborhood is quite interesting to explore , but you do n't need to stay there .

stayed 7 nights together with my young family. Great location , easy to reach by tram , tram stop is right outside the hotel 's main entrance .

on the basis of other reviews I was a little concerned about what I would find ; however I was pleasantly surprised. Stayed 9 nights over xmas/NY. It was easy to find - 15 mins on the tram from the airport express station - $ 2HKD. Easy check in at 1030am. Had a harbour room suite - nice views and thankfully the Marriott over the road did n't block the view too much - although they need to tell their customers people from this hotel can see straight in their windows ! ! !

got a great rate from rates to go , upgraded to suite although it was two single beds . The view was n't special but very Hong-Kong .

not bad actually , good price for a satisfying location &amp ; hotel facility .

i stayed at this hotel for two nights in early december on my transit from NZ to the Middle East. I booked my room by emailing its reservation dept , responses were prompt and they indicated everything rates , freebies , direction to hotel , etc clearly .

my partner and i stayed here when we spent a week in Hong Kong in April before going to Thailand. We chose the hotel because it looked good value for money. Our view was we didnt want to pay a lot for a hotel that we did not intend to do more than sleep in. That is who this hotel is good for , dont expect full luxury. The hotel is away for the very touristy areas of Hong Kong , it was within easy walking distance of the harbour and other attractions as most things are in Hong Kong . The hotel itself was nice , the lobby was very clean and was always busy , the staff were helpful. The room was very clean with good air con , the bed was large and firm. I only have one complaint about the hotel and that was its location , it is very close to the fish packing district. This isnt a problem in the hotel itself but if you wish to walk anywhere rather than get a taxi it can get quite smelly especially in the hot weather. Apart from one very noisy night due to business men in the next room , which i complained about and the staff sorted out , a nice hotel and we would probably use it again if we were on a budget just passing through Hong Kong .

just completed a 2 week stay at this hotel Nov/Dec .

we checked in late and checked out late without a problem. You can take a tram to the hotel from the Jetfoil station. We paid for the room in a website but still the young hotel staff I think they 're students upgraded our room to a bigger room with 160 view of HK. It was a nice surprise. We enjoyed our stay and my boyfriend has a good night 's rest before he took his NCLEX exam .

from the moment that I contacted the hotel until check out the service was excellent .

firstly , please ignore any negativity vented towards this hotel by disgruntled , and frankly , delusional travellers....this place is first class ! ! !

i am a native Hong Konger. This hotel is in Kennedy Town where I was born. so I thought it would be nice to stay there for old time sake. Turned out the room was nice and clean. It is the only good thing about this hotel. I got a good rate for this hotel back in 2005 , that 's why it was n't so bad. If you are paying 2008 price , I would not stay there at all. Why ?

the price of the rooms and suite is perfect.. cheap price. .

started with a late check in , which went about seamlessly , smooth and quick. A minor hick-up , we requested a double bed got twin well , i guess some miscommunication. This was sorted out with an upgrade to suite. About the Efficient bit well we had stocked some water and milk and some breakfast bits in our mini-bar , upon upgrade we forgot to remove them and realized that we had forgotten that in the previous room well worry not , they were already there in our suite 's mini-bar.. .

stayed here for 2 days. The good thing is the room was clean and nice. Cant say as much for the other parts of the hotel or the location itself. We paid for a harbour view suite but could not see anything , I dont even remember a Window being there. The tariff was quite high , more than double of what we pay in Malaysia and it didnt even include free breakfast. Would probably not stay there again .

hong Kong is tough for hotels , and if you are caught out , as I was on this Fiday evening , then you are stuck with places that have significant problems , like this one. There are two key problems with this hotel , the first one - location - I did n't care about and reasonable due diligence will tip off the prospective guest. It 's in Western District , about 10 minutes from where you would probably want to be , but that 's OK. The second one , however - lack of natural light/windows in the room - was shameful and quite a nasty shock to me when I booked in. I can only assume that the hotel has given up on trying to nurture guest loyalty , and is just milking it for what it 's worth through first timers who naturally assume that the hotel room will have a window. To hotel management : guys , it 's perfectly acceptable to sell a box without a window to your paying guests , but completely unacceptable to neglect to let people know about this fact when they book the room on wotif or whatever booking site they use. Shame on you. I was in the middle of a somewhat stressful project when I camped here for a night and I needed a windowless room like a hole in the head. Thanks a lot guys. I am so disgusted that I am now going to go out of my way to turn people away from your hotel and will waste plenty of management time with complaints to Ramada regional management. Have you no sense of decency ? ! ? ! ? I really hope your hotel goes down the tube and rest assured I will do what I can to help it on its way .

the rooms at this hotel are quite nice , considering the number of cheap deals available. However , the beds are rock hard. Like sleeping on concrete. And the shower is a bit of a challenge , its quite small. But the room is well furnished , and I would consider staying here again.... although the prospect of sleeping on that bed another night might turn me off ! Only a short tramride to Central , with a tram stop right out front of the hotel. Reasonable location. If they could only organise a comfortable bed.... The staff were friendly and helpful , and spoke English. If you like a firm bed , consider this property.. .

i contacted the hotel directly to enquire on the rates and was surprised that the rates were slightly lower than that written on their site. I stayed there for 7 nights and must say that their rooms are much larger than the average hotel in Hong Kong. There is a bigger than average mini bar area , wardrobe , TV , 2 night stands and a coffee table in the room .

this hotel is soo bad I would never recommend it to anyone , the rooms are so small no room for bags , bed hard and bathroom disgusting .

this was our 2nd stay at the Ramada and we again were n't disappointed. While there were small problems , like them not telling us the shuttle to the city center was cancelled even though we had booked seats on it , and our room which lights would sporadically turn on or off for now reason no joking , we are convinced the room was haunted , the room was clean , nicely furnished , and relatively quiet. We would stay there again if back in Hong Kong .

this was a really good find. Quite a gem owing to the location. Found awesome package on rates-to-go website. Upon check-in we my husband and I were immediately upgraded to a delux room. The rooms are spotless ! ! We esspecially enjoyed the good shower it provided. The only downside was the hard beds VERY HARD BEDS and that the hotel is quite a distance from the MTR and major tourist locations. One can however use the bus or taxi to get around .

this is a lovely hotel - I 've stayed here a few times and it 's always been great. The rooms are really big and the last one I was in on the fifth floor was very luxurious and elegant .

this hotel was a pleasant surprise , smart and comfortable rooms with separate lounge areas , and views of the water between the opposite buildings.As this was a holiday trip the location was interesting and much more of a 'Chinese ' experience than staying in more touristy areas would have been. Really enjoyed riding on the trams which stop right outside the door every few minutes , were very cheap and could not have been easier to get around on. The restaurant and bar were okay , but this is Hong Kong , who wants to spend every evening in their hotel !

the location is a bit far off the city center and MTR station , eventhough it is still on the renowned Des Voeux Road. However , we did n't find it difficult at all to hail a cab. IFC Mall is about 10 minutes ride. The head concierge gladly helped us to find the exact location of places we wanted to go to , even made phone calls to find out opening hours etc then wrote down the addresses in chinese for the taxi driver. There are couple convinience stores and a Guardian drugstore on the same block , but I highly recommend buying fresh fruits/drinksat the small stall next door. From the lobby turn to the left . Very reasonably priced and the old man was very kind to us eventhough it was freezing cold at night. Overall it was a good stay , had a good time in Hong Kong. Pleasant weather at daytime and lots of sales too :

we stayed four days here.Facilities are non existant. Breakfast and dining are very poor. Room was basic , bed was like a board. Shower was broken. No heating although after many complaints a small heater was provided but was removed after 24 hrs ? ! MTV Bar was very bare with only enough room for approx 20 people. When you paid for the drinks the barmaid had to take the money down 3 flights in the lift to the cashier at reception who would then send back any change , very bizzare ! ! View from room was out over local slums. Hotel a good ten minute tram ride from shops or MTR. Would not recommend this hotel if it was the last one in Hong Kong ! ! Official rating 4 star but we,ve stayed in 4 star in Hong Kong that were much , much nicer than this .

i â € ™ ve stayed at this hotel a few times. The location is a little off the beaten path , however the Tram rides to Central/Happy Valley/Causeway Bay are a nice way to start the day .

definitely good value if you 're looking to stay on the Hong Kong Island side. I have stayed here more than 5 times in the last 6 months , and have almost always been upgraded to a suite .

my parents are originally from Hong Kong so this trip for me was not the typical vacation I spent most summers as a child staying with my uncles in Hong Kong and am quite familiar with the city .

if you were a very picky person who insisted on five star comforts and treatment then go stay at a 5 star hotel because this is not for you. But if you want a VERY good value hotel on Hong Kong Island , that is comfortable and well positioned then this is the place for you. It is definitely 3.5 or 4 star. It is about a 15 minute trip by tram into Central HK or faster by taxi. There is not much to see around the area where it is positioned but the fact that it is cheap by HK standards and located on the Island makes this hotel one of the best value in Asia. It is true the beds are firm , but this wouldnt bother anyone who planned to stay there less than a week or two. Highly recommended - I always get free upgrades when I go .

was a great place to stay. Checked out other travellers reviews , and found that although the Ramada was quite a way out of the CBD it was an excellent loaction for us - $ 2HKD ride on the tram to the front of the hotel from the HK train station. We stayed 2 nights and were upgraded to a suite , which had excellent views. Breakfast was n't very exciting , but we did n't go hungry. A great choice for us .

we booked this hotel months ago for a three night stay on our way home from New Zealand. As we would be arriving at 6am I called the hotel and asked if it would be possible to book a day room so we could check in straight away , they informed me that they dont offer day rooms but suggested that I book for the night before that way my room would be ready on arrival. I did this and got email confirmation. At this time I also checked that they could accomodate the 4 of us 2 adults &amp ; 2 children in the room as their website allowed me to book this but wanted to double check , they stated no problem with that .

my Wife and I stayed here for 4 nights. We chose this hotel as it had good reviews and price was quite reasonable. First impressions on arrival were good. Room checkin was prompt and no issues. We booked a standard room and they met our requests too. We got a room on a high floor , non smoking room and double bed. Bathroom was tidy and clean had a show cubicle , large mirror and a chair to sit. There is a lounge area within the room with a coache and TV. All rooms have safes. The room was on the 22nd floor and we had a good view of the Harbour. Didnt eat at the hotel as the reviews were not good , however there plenty of eating places just outside of the hotel. The bed was ROCK HARD , we knew this as some reviewers wrote this. In the evenings it can get a litte cold , however there is no heating facility in the room so we got some extra bedding from house keeping. The hotel is about 25 min from downtown hong kong by tram. Nearest underground station is Sheung Wan 15 min walk. Hong Kong Station is similar distance. There is a shuttle service which the hotel provide to Pickup and drop off between the hotel and Hong Kong Station 7am - 5 pm Mon-Sat. . The only downside is the rooms looks a little old , could do with some modern deco .

great hotel , staff were very friendly , we were upgraded to a suite. Bathroom was large , room very clean , bed hard but comfortable. Overall a very pleasant stay. Would certainly recommend. 10 mins on tram to Central or a very cheap cab ride almost anywhere .

we were booked in to stay 8 nights at the Ramada HK , upon checking in we found the desk staff rude and indifferent , they did n't welcome us or ask how we were etc , we actually had to wait a few minutes at the desk to check in as 3 of the staff we 're just standing there talking amongst themselves. When we did finally get served they asked us for our passports and credit card , took an imprint of the card and thats it , no thank you , no enjoy your stay nothing !

nice size room for hong kong,sitting room is good idea,shower recess was different but had no problem very large people may have trouble .room was cleaned to a good standard

the hotel staff were ok , there was no language problem as the staff spoke and understood English. The room was small and smelt of smoke , we had requested a non smoking room , had to wait til the following day to be moved. Bathroom was basic nothing special but clean. Beds were seriously hard , made it difficult to get a good nights sleep. Went into Chinese restaurant , found staff rude and kept us waiting , after waiting to order we were restricted to one page of menu , so left. We then went to the lower english style restaurant , which was basic cafe style food but edible. Place miles from city center , not a lot to see in HK , shopping is ok if you are a size 0. Only nice places are Stanley and The Peak. Would not go back unless someone gave me a free ticket. Better hotels and night life in Kowloon .

this hotel is just what you need. Clean , safe , great price and ideal location. Service was timely and professional. The concierge helped

having read a lot of the reviews I went ahead and made my booking. When we turned up the reception staff were very friendly and polite. However having gone to our room our cot was not ready and a lady turned up an hour later with a cot but did not know how to put it together so my husband and I had a go at assembling it. Eventually a manager was called to help assemble the cot. The curtains were broken so we could not open them. The bathroom was extremely dirty , there was black mould in the sink. During the night we could hear people banging on each others doors and slamming doors. We could also hear people walking around upstairs , Never again !

i stayed at the Remada for 2 weeks and I was very happy with my stay. Firstly I was upgraded to a suite for no extra cost. The room was spaceous and clean. The bathroom was nice and clean , but with the smallest shower I have seen in a while. However the water was hot and plentiful .

we enjoyed our stay at Ramada Hong Kong. The room was quiet enough and richly appointed. The bathroom was great , except for the small shower which was very very slow to drain. As many have mentioned , the beds were quite hard , but we still got a decent night â € ™ s rest. Staff were courteous and the location was fine with the tram stop out front being very convenient--just remember to save those 2 HKD coins if you don â € ™ t buy an octopus card. We also took advantage of the hotel â € ™ s free shuttle to HK Station one day , which was convenient. Having no real problems other than the shower drain , we wouldn â € ™ t hesitate to stay there again .

not up to Western standards for a Ramada , but mostly for the bathroom. Plastic stall showers leak and completely flood the bathroom floor everytime you take a shower. Pillows are paper thin and housekeeping could only provide 3 extra pillows for the 4 of us. Location is entirely in Chinese neighborhood , but transportation outside the hotel is excellent wave a taxi , jump on a double decker bus , or take the free hotel shuttle to shopping or ferry terminal . Fresh fruit provided first day , and we picked up more fruit at a small market right outside the door. No movie channels on TV HBO , but BBC and a few Australian stations available. This hotel is an absolute steal at about $ 540/night where most other non-luxury hotels are at least TRIPLE the cost. Down side is no swimming pool , which , apparently , many hotels in Hong Kong have. Concierge confirmed flights for us , provided good suggestions for hikes , etc. Rooms smell like smoke , as do all your clothes when you get home .

my stay at Ramada Hong Kong was fantastic. I had problems during reservation , but the Manager , Ms Ruby Liu immediately corrected it and even went out of her way to make my stay a happy one .

excellent hotel for price. Large and comfortable room. Good location .

stayed here with a tour group June 13 , 14 , 15. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful and we did n't have a language problem as the people that we dealt with spoke and understood English very well. The rooms were spacious , clean , and quiet. I had a suite with a sitting room separate from the sleeping area. The t.v. was in the sitting area. Loved the shower in the bathroom and the small dressing table and mirror , with a stool to sit on. This was separate from the sink and mirror over the sink.. The shower was a self contained &quot ; capsule&quot ; and once the door was closed there was no water or steam from the shower escaping into the bathroom. No steamed up mirror or wet floor. By the time we got to Hong Kong , we were used to the hard beds and I never woke up with a back ache the entire trip. Slept great ! The breakfast bar was excellent. All in all our experience with this hotel was very good. It was a pleasure to return to a restful environment after a full day of touring and/or shopping. I would definitely stay here again !

my girlfriend and I visited Hong Kong early June for 4days and 3 nights. it really lives up to its name as a vibrant city .

stayed here as part of a family holiday to HK in April Easter 2007 .

i booked it from the booking centre at the Hong Kong Airport. Great hotel for businnes travelers : nice room , bathroom , internet service. I paid U $ 90 for a double room without breakfast. I liked the location .

one night stay in January. Hotel staff very friendly and efficient. Checking in was quick. Staff spoke English well. Room was a little cramped like most HK budget hotels. The shower was too small for me. Felt like it was a plastic clam shell. It is a closer ride to Central compared to the other hotels in Causeway Bay. A good place for a couple nights stay if you are not expecting 5 star accommodation !

excellent polite staff. Allowed us to check in early and upgraded us to top floor suites for no extra charge. The rooms were large with fantastic views. The only down side was that the beds were very hard , but apparently this is normal in Hong Kong. We loved the area as it felt very safe and we were never hassled by anyone. The trams are excellent as they stop right outside but get very crowded in the rush hour. The octopus cards are great as you can use them on all public transport without the hassle of finding change or explaining where you want to go. Also you can cash in any unused credit at the end of your holiday. Also very useful was the check in desk for Cathay Pacific at Hong Kong central station. This meant we could check in our baggage and tour the city unhindered. The only catch was that you had to buy a ticket for the airport express to gain access to the check in desks .

we stayed at the Ramada for 12 nights , having two rooms for our family of five. From the airport we took a designated luxury hotel to hotel coach , which we booked once we had got off the plane. Guides showed us where to wait and then directed us onto the right coach it took about 35 minutes and we paid Â £ 42 return for the 5 of us. On our return the consiege phoned through our request for pick-up and we were the only ones on it ! ! !

we stayed at the Ramada Hong Kong in February 2007 for 3 nights during chinese new year .

april 2007. with friend .

we stayed at the Ramada Hotel on Hong Kong Island for 5 nights in March 2007. We stayed in room 2511 on the 25th floor which was large , clean and comfortable. There was a double bed in the bedroom area and a safe in the wardrobe. Next to this was a small lounge area with a TV. This led into the entrance hallway where there were tea/coffee making facilities and a mini bar. There were plenty of cupboards , drawers and storage space in all three areas. The bathroom had a shower rather than a bath but was roomy enough and was equipped with a hairdryer. As we were on the 25th floor we had breathtaking views with regards to the height but there were very high blocks of flats in front breaking our view of the sea. The hotel staff were helpful and polite. Breakfasts were fine with a reasonable choice and not too expensive. There was a bar on the 5th floor but it did not have much of a selection of drinks. On the ground floor was a restaurant. The food was good but over priced and we did not find the staff particularly accommodating. There was a small gym next to the breakfast room but it was not particularly well equipped. I believe the hotel also has a Spa but we did not give it a try. The hotel is not on a Hong Kong MTR line but it is on a tram line with a very good service to Central. The trams were great fun to ride on. As the hotel was slightly out of the centre it was very reasonably priced and overall I would say that it â € ™ s a good place to stay and I would certainly stay there again if I were in Hong Kong. While there , get yourself an Octopus card which allows you to travel on virtually every method of transport in Hong Kong and very useful and easy to use. These can be bought from Central MTR Station

ramada Hong Kong Hotel is the best in terms of location , service , price , everything !

i travel all over the world and have stayed in everything from 5-star luxury hotels to places in China that do n't even take credit cards. I think this makes me a fairly good judge of value as opposed to just price .

i had a nice 5 night stay at this hotel. It was clean and the rooms were much larger than many of the hotels my friends were staying in. I had to change from a smoking room to a non smoking room. I could barely breathe when I got off the elevator for my first room. They did n't have any rooms for that night but could change me the next day. I insisted and finally they gave me a nicer room on the top floor that did n't smell like smoke and swithched me to a non smoking room the next day. The staff was very friendly but it did take some convincing to get me in a non smoking room the first night. I never found any restaurants around the restaurant to eat in. The hotel does have a breakfast buffet and they give you a discount if you purchase it the night before. I never tried it. I also found it easier to get the front desk to write on a card in chinese where I wanted to go to give to the taxi drivers. I never had to wait more than 5 mintues if that for a cab. I kept the hotel address card in my purse to show to the taxi cab driver when I caught a cab going back to the hotel. I only had 1 driver who spoke english. I would also suggest picking up an Octopus card at the airport. They can be used for the ferry,trains and the buses. It came in very handy. The nice thing is we did n't have the tailor 's shoving business cards in our hands everytime we turned around like the Kowloon area. We did n't

i agree with all the other reviews - don ` t bother with the franchised out restaurant. Your bill will be in Chinese print and they don ` t serve coffee. Hotel room &amp ; service excellent -even to the free slippers. However the fish smell wafts around the street and the hotel ` s aircon only cools. We had amazing value breakfasts at Amy ` s Left out of hotel and at Dear ` s Right out of hotel . Also a good evening meals at Canada restaurant left out of hotel - top of Hill Street . Had a couple of glasses of wine one evening in the hotel ` s bar and it cost almost as much as our meal .

ramada hotel was very good value for money , new , good rooms , friendly staff , BUT the location was very bad , far away from everything though you can take a tram for 2 HKD that leaves you in the door of the hotel. We chose this hotel because it is good and unexpensive , the distance wasn ` t a real problem for us .

for the low price this was a nice hotel. The room was clean , the staff was helpful. Although the location is not the best it is directly across the street from the trolley ; which makes it very convienant. The room was portioned into two areas ; like a suit , only much smaller. It made the room feel smaller than it really was. It also did n't allow us to watch TV from bed ; something we love to do on vacation. The shower was great , but there was no tub. Also no pool. Our only othe complaint was street noise. You could here the rumble of traffic all night long. For the price , a good choice .

stayed here for a week in the beginning of January. Room sizes are small and the hotel is located close to Western Police station. Overall this is a budget hotel which has very hard beds in a very 'local ' location .

just returned from a thoroughly enjoyable stay at the Ramada Hong Kong. Very pleasant hotel. Room was more like a suite with a view over the harbour. Breakfast was about Â £ 4 extra each but well worth it. Tram and bus stops right outside. Plenty of restaurants full of locals within 2/3 minutes. At only Â £ 38 a night per room it was a real bargain. .

i booked the hotel through an online consolidator early in October for a low price of HKD576 per night including taxes. Although the hotel is not centrally located , it is easily accessible by the Tram take anyone of 'em eastward to downtown , and the Kennedy Town/Shek Tong Tsui ones back - that takes a mere 10 minutes or so. The hotel also has a half hourly FREE shuttle which you register for at the helpful concierge that takes you to the Macau Ferry Terminal where there 's an excellent mall and the IFC Mall transfer to MTR or Airport Express , before making the way back. The hotel is also accessible by City Flyer A12 from the airport HKD45 one way

we had 5 nights in Hong Kong as part of a 7 month round the world trip and opted for the Ramada on HK Island as opposed to staying in Kowloon .

stayed at the Ramada Hong Kong in October 2006 for 7 nights. Upon negotiation with the hotel prior to our arrival I was promised the Grand Harbour View Suite $ 2,800.00 HK per night . Arrived at 10.00pm with 3 children in tow and was escorted up to my promised room. Once entering the room I was a little suprised to see 3 cot beds placed in the middle of the floor and the main bed was a fold out sofa couch within the same area. When booking I was advised the suite was a 2 bedroom + sitting area apartment. Paying $ 2,800HK per night I was not happy. After many discussions with the Manager my family was placed in a 1 bedroom + sitting area apartment for a slightly reduced nightly fee. I agree with other travellers comments in relation to breakfast very average . A cheap option for breakfats is Dim Sum at the restaurant next door or 24 hour shop across the road which sells pastries , orange juice , fruit , etc. Overall the stay was OK .

i received a friendly welcome on arrival and was pleased to be told I had been upgraded to a suite on the 29th floor. Excellent views across the harbour. The suite had a very spacious lounge area and a lovely walk-in shower. A good supply of shampoo and a toothbrush and toothpaste was provided too. I had dinner in the Chinese restaurant on the ground floor. At the end of the meal I could not put the meal on my hotel bill as they said the restaurant was not part of the hotel , which seemed rather odd so my meal had to be paid in cash or by credit card. One girl on the front desk spoke very poor English , the other staff spoke better English .

i 'm not going to lie- I was first attracted to the Ramada by the price. It was one of the cheaper ones that kept popping up on the hotel search engines. But the more I researched it turned out to be a little gem .

i stayed here recently for 3 nights .

previous reports give details of the well-furnished , smart clean rooms and bathrooms , but slightly out of the way location , which I will concur. We stayed at the Ramada for a week , booking through the hotel â € ™ s own website that has long stay discounted rates. These rates beat the prices quoted in various Internet hotel search engines that are based on daily rates .

w                                                                            . hill .N.ireland. Loved this hotel , big rooms for hong kong lovley bathroom and beautifully decorated rooms all kept spotless. Do not worry about being out of the way , just walk out the front door and use the most enjoyable mode of transport in hong kong the tram , very simple to use , central in ten minutes. The staff of the ramada will help you with any problems and are very approachable .

just got back from HK. Ramada 's room was a delight for the price &lt ; 100 USD/nite . Clean , tastefully decorated , &amp ; has plenty of little shelves for storage. The hotel is in the far west end of HK Island very old part of town but offers some delightful places to eat with the locals but still convenient enough to get to Central by tram or taxi. The gym being a joke aside , I was most impressed with the overall quality I got from this hotel. Will definitely recommend it to anyone .

i must qualify my five stars by saying that for the price it deserves five stars , but is not a five star location. However , the service was top of the line and everyone that we interacted with was incredibly eager to help. We were also upgraded to a suite and our room cost 470HK $ on wotif. I was pleasantly surprised by the entrance and welcome counter of the hotel and the room was much larger than I expected. It had a seperate sitting area with a divider from the sleeping area. The bed that we had was incredibly firm , which was fine for me , but the girlfriend did not love it .

this hotel 's in the western district of Hong Kong which does n't have a lot going on in terms of shopping or eating , but it 's not far from the central part which does. To get there , you can either walk maybe twenty minutes , or get the tram which takes about 10 minutes. Trams stop right outside the hotel and there 's one about every minute or so. Although the tram probably is n't the fastest method of transport , it 's quite good fun and costs only HK $ 2 for any distance - and it runs all the way from the Ramada down to the Causeway Bay area , going right through the central parts of Hong Kong island. So it 's definitely the cheapest way to get about. A taxi from Central Station will cost about HK $ 25-30

the booking was in order on arriving at 0700 , we had expected to not be allowed to check in so early , but it posed as no problem for the hotel and they upgraded us to a suite. The hotel only has a few non smoking floors. There is internet facility , not cheap but convenient for emergencies , located to the left up the stairs when facing reception .

we stayed at the Ramada for a week this Ocotober. The hotel is absolutely fine , and is a great base from which to expore Hong Kong .

my husband and I stayed here for just over a week. We arrived way before check-in but our room was already waiting for us. And what a wonderful room. Very clean , spacious , lovely bathroom shower better than ours at home , loads of storage space. The hotel is very conveniently located right on the tram line which incidently takes payment by Octupus Card , there 's no need to have a pocket full of 2 dollar bits . Some may say that the hotel is abit out of way but because of the excellent public transport system in HK , it does n't feel like it is. I would very highly recommend this hotel to others. We would expect to pay a lot more than we did for this standard of hotel. Excellent choice. Will definately stay here again the next time we visit HK which hopefully we will as HK is a blast !

we overnighted here on the night of August 5th , just at the tailend of the typhoon that paralysed the HK airport. Our Cathay flight was delayed 4 hours and we arrived at the hotel at 00 : 30 , just after midnight. To our surprise there were still some other guests checking in , probably got delayed on the way in too. We were upgraded to their &quot ; suite&quot ; as it seems to be the policy for any singles or couples who did not require 2 beds since there appears to be more of these suites than regular twin bedded rooms. Everything about these rooms were said in the other reviews so I will not go into details here , just the typical deluxe room with the divided living room and bedroom , and you can not see the TV from your bed , a major pet peeve of many but we did not make use of the TV since we went straight to the shower and bed .

i stayed in Ramada Hotel on 4th August 2006. Booked through HotelTravel.com , standard room w/o breakfast for USD66. Quite a bargain I suppose. Got upgraded to suite for free. I 've asked for a non-smoking room but they do n't have it at that moment. So they gave me a smoking room and they spray some air deodoriser for me .

stayed at the Ramada July 31-August 4. We often visit family in HKG who live in a building behind the Ramada. Decided to try this hotel since our relative 's apartment is small and bathroom situation is not ideal. The hotel 's building has been around for the last 8 years at least. It was built to open as a hotel but then construction was halted a few years back. Glad to see it has finally opened as a Ramada .

