our agent booked a triple room for us I was travelling with my parents - so 3 adults at the Ramada Kowloon .

stayed at the Ramada for two nights. Very small rooms. No service. Staff not very helpful. No bar , coffee shop. In non-tourist part of town. Long way to travel to shop or to sight see. Need to use taxi , etc. Would not recommend this hotel. Room quiet , beds quite comfortable. Small mini bar .

as already specified , large lobby but hardly any seats. Waiting for transport or arriving early meant standing for ages .

service was good , they were prompt in attending to our needs , also , we could easily communicate with them as they know good English .

the room itself was a double bedroom. It was so small that both luggages barely fit so we were forced to leave them in front of the entry door , which was an inconvenience. The bed basically took up the whole space. The wardrobe was tiny and taken up with the safe and ironing board which left almost no room for us to hang our clothes .

rooms are small and dark , furniture are dark brown , walls dark yellow , which does not add light to the room , the carpet in our room was worn and with a patch. illumination very dull and even during day with open curtains you need to turn on the light. There is no picture on walls .

great location. very small room but if only staying 2 days as we did you only use the room to sleep the rest of the time out shopping .

the hotel is situated in TST near KCR / MTR exit P3. The entrance is not very shiny as it is on the main road but surrounded by various shops. It has a small lobby and a little sitting area but decoration suits to a 3 star hotel which it claims. However when Taxi driver drops you there the staff is smiling and they take over from there with the proper care of your luggage and your smooth check- in in the room .

if you find a GREAT deal for this hotel , i.e. 60USD a night , it 's going to be ok , but otherwise.. .

good Location

stayed at this place. Sad to say we had a bad experience here. I would n't want to go here anymore .

this is a very basic two star hotel .

we stayed in Ramada Hotel in Kowloon and never had a problem.The rooms may be small but with HK standards , they were way better tan other HK hotels. Staff were courteous and helpful. The people at the front desk were always accommodating though the WIFI service should have been part of their hotel amenities as HKD40 for 3hours may be quite expensive for travellers .

  star property according to me.. very small and congested rooms.. not that clean.. food has no variety.. staffs are courteous enough &amp ; well guided... Good for budget travelers... .

for the price we got is was good. The rooms were old , but decent. The restaurant was pretty good. This hotel would be good if the purpose of your vacation was to sight see , but if you are planning on relaxing and spending time in the hotel room , this hotel would be not so great .

the staff were not very accommodating. I was not asked about my room preferences and was given a room with 2 beds on a smoking floor. It took two times until I got an adapter and never received the iron and ironing board requested .

  am prepared for small room because lots e-pals say that .

we came from Toronto , Canada and have spent 2 weeks at the Ramada Kowloon. The hotel is average but service is incredible. The hotel staffs are very helpful and friendly. The biggest asset of the hotel is location. It 's proximity to shopping places , MTR subway and restaurants. It 's a great choice. However , if you look for luxuary than this is not the place .

we stayed here on a stopover to Oz and to be honest I would n't book this hotel again. The location was good , short walk to shops and the harbour but the rooms were tiny , we were prepared for small rooms in HK but ours really felt like a cell. Barley no daylight at all , hardly any space to walk around the bed. Lobby was nice and staff were adept at their job but no really friendly. I 'm sure there are nicer places to stay in Hong Kong .

after reading other reviews we were a bit concerned about where our travel agent had booked us. We did n't need to be. Yes the rooms are tiny how much time do you spend in them anyway ? ! ? ! But it was clean and the location was great. We did n't eat at the hotel as it was much cheaper at Charlie Browns round the corner so ca n't coment on the food. There are easy links to the underground and the ferry etc and while we avoided the touristy places for dinner where possible , there was a great local restaurant only a few doors down. Over all we have stayed in worse places for more money and worse locations .

i ahve stayed at the Kowloon Ramada twice last year and I did not have any bad experience. Service was great , the staff were very helpful , just about for anything. Yes , the room was a bit small , but by Hong Kong standards , the room was ok , considering the fact that by early morning you will already be out of the room. My bed was ok , view of granville road from the room was ok .

my advice is to look at other properties in Kowloon-something newer and better value for money ! Read on if you need more convincing.. .

i have never seen any hotel that cleimed to be 4 start hotel with such terrible facilities .

i stayed in Ramada Kowloon for 1 night during my transit back to the Middle East. The hotel 's undoubtful advantage was its location. I took a bus A21 or A22 I ca n't remember clearly from the airport and 40 min later it stopped in front of the hotel ! The bus stop back to airport is just on the opposite side of the road. So very handy for transit passengers like me .

spent 6 nights at the Ramada &amp ; the experience was 50/50 .

we had a 3 day stopover at this hotel in Kowloon on our way to the UK. Never having been to Hong Kong before we were not sure what to expect. On arrival quite late at night we were greeted by the friendly night staff , booked in quickly , and taken to our room. We had a double room with ensuite , and whilst not as big as we are used to in Australia was adequate for the time we were there. The staff were very helpful with directions to various places , and the lady in the officed that booked tours went out of her way to help us. I have been reading some of the other reviews about this property , and have come to the conclusion that perhaps there are 2 Ramado hotels in Kowloon tongue in cheek as we did not experience any of the problems others seem to have had. In fact we are returning there in September .

this is a very seedy hotel. I travel to HK frequently for business and I must say that this hotel gave me the creeps in a serious way. The blankets are disgusting -- pilly brown blankets that seem like a fire hazard. Also , no real lobby , dark entrance , dark hallways , teeny tiny bathrooms. I had a room w/ 2 twin beds although I booked for a double sized bed - the beds were 15 inches apart from each other. Yes , that 's right , 15 inches. I will never stay here again .

the room in this hotel was super small and so does the bathroom. We were given a bad room &quot ; overlooking&quot ; a dumpster floor. eekk. hated it .

we booked it when we arrived at HK airport through the HK Hotels Desk as it had the best &quot ; last minutes rates'&quot ; and we also needed 3 beds which can be hard to get in Hong Kong .

this has to be the worst hotel I have ever been too. The room was so small that the 2 of us could n't fit our luggage in and had to remove the desk chair. I could n't open my suitcase properly as there was n't enough room ! ! !

the hotel is conveniently located for Kowloon/TST , and a short walk or subway ride from the Star Ferry etc. Service was competent without being remarkable , and the room was small , as is usual for HK. The room was clean , the bed comfortable , and the aircon worked well. Breakfast was toelrable , without being especially good. However , given the price , it was a good choice , and we 'd stay here again .

having spent a few days in China with fantastic service and a smile from all the staff at the hotel we had stayed at , Century Pavilion , my wife and I were looking forward to a few days in HK. This hotel spoilt all that. The reception was dark , dingy and the staff were abrupt on the verge of rudeness. We were allocated a room on the 5th floor , no choice of smoking or non smoking , so as soon as we got out the lift it stank of smoke. The room was even darker than the reception area , smelt worse and was very small. Everything was crammed into the room , and the bathroom was tiny. Our room was opposite the lifts which pinged on everyfloor which was just a tad annoying. We tried to stick it out for 1 night but after a horribly uncomfortable night , the mattresses can hardly be called such , we gave up and moved elsewhere. Needless to say , I WOULD N'T RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE,

my family decided to take a long overdue vacation in Hong Kong. We decided to take the trip on the week inbetween Christmas and New Year of 2007 as it is the only days where we could share time together as a family. It was a 5 day trip where all accomodation and tours were booked ahead by our travel agent. On our second day , our first full day in Hong Kong , the itenerary was for a city tour. We were scheduled to be picked up by our guide at 8 : 30 in the morning. We we all excited and was at the Ramada waiting lounge around 7 : 30 AM , an hour earlier than the expected pick up time. While all 5 of us were there sitting and waiting , my son fell asleep. The security personnel gave us a not so friendly stare. That personnel paced around us several times with the same stare. After pacing around us for several times , he approached us and spoke in broken english , saying &quot ; dont sleep&quot ; . Sensing he could not speak fluent english , I let it go and said &quot ; OK&quot ; . A few more minutes passed and the stares were still there. Worst this time the stares were accompanied by head shaking. It is the type of a stare done by high school bullies. The constant stare were as if we had committed a serious crime that we had to be watched over very carefully. I complained to the manager about this harassment. I was told in no uncertain manner that it was their policy not to allow sleeping in the waiting lounge. That it was their board of directors who created the rule. I explained that we were waiting for our guide and falling asleep durig these times are normal. I also asked what was the rationale for this policy. Instead of explaining , the manager informed me that they could get fired if they wont wake people up. I then said that higher management should be advised that PAYING guests should be allowed to fall asleep without being disturb while waiting for their pick up. The manager responded that all hotels are like that. On the contrary , per our schedule , we transferred to Disney 's Hollywood Hotel in Hong Kong for the Disneyland trip on our last day. In Hollywood Hotel I saw several people , in several occassions , dozing off while waiting for their bus rides or their guides. I made it a point to take note if any of the Hollywood staff would wake their guests up. The alleged claim by the Ramada manager that all hotels wont allow sleeping in waiting lounges NEVER happened in Hollywood. Harassment is not a great way to treat customers. I dont think there will be a next time for us in Ramada. I will also call my travel agent and inform them of this not so memorable experience .

hotel was clean , central and perfectly adequate for our stay. Staff helpful and friendly. Airport transfers available

i stayed 3 nights and found this hotel to be perfect for my needs .

i landed HK with my wife and 2 years then old son....we were carrying enough luggage as we came on work permit from MNC. The experience was horrible for me and my family and not matching with the cost they charge. Let 's me share

i am a frequent business traveller from Germany and I come to HKG once a month in average. This was the worst Hotel experience I ever made... .

i stayed here for 10 days and I liked it. My room was overlooking the street with large glass windows window can not be opened . I enjoyed the view. The room was basic and small. But it was adequate. The bathroom was also basic. But it was very clean. The breakfast was OK , but got somewhat boring towards end of my stay as they repeat the same stuff. I had dinner once here , I did not like it. But there are plenty of food options as soon as you step out of the hotel .

a real Hong Kong feel as soon as you step in you are squeezing for space. The rooms have all the basics and are presented ok. bathroom is small and has no real ventilation and the window looks onto a brick wall - so slighty costrophobic. So a good place to stay on a lower budget but not wanting a backpacer style .

booked this hotel on the web from the philippines since we were looking for a holiday on a budget. got exactly that. There were four of us , incl my wife and 2 boys , aged 11 and 8. Room had two beds but with 2 suitcases and a carryon , not much space to move. Bathroom was also tight and cleanliness so-so .

we stayed at the ramada kowloon for 2 nights. We were very happy and satisfied with our experience. It 's a good hotel , with great breakfast at a nicely positioned restaurant , and the best part about the hotel is it 's location. It 's withing walking distance to all major shopping streets and tsim sha tsui .

my wife &amp ; my daughter stayed here last April for a vacation .

i do n't agree with some of the negative reviews here. This is a decent full service hotel in a fairly good location with very good customer service .

my mother and I stayed at the Ramada for 4 nights in June 2006. Overall it was an OK experience. The room was roomy enough and clean. The toilet did not flush efficiently and we had to call someone to fix it. Also the powerpoint for the electric jug did not work so the maintenance fellow suggested we use the power point near the bed and just put the jug on the floor - which is what we did. The staff were friendly and helpful .

my boyfriend and I checked in Ramada Kowloon late because we flew into HK in an evening flight. Asked for a non-smoking room , the answer was &quot ; no , since you did n't request when you booked the hotel. but the room you got is newly renovated , it shouldn ‚ Ä ô t have a lot smoke smell ‚ Ä ù When we walked into the room , found the one of the twin bed was not made. Called the front desk , a guy came up 5 minutes later. Saying the quilt should just cover the bed due to the summer time. But the bed looked like as if someone slept on it. So he agreed to change the quilt. I asked him to change the sheet as well. He changed the bed , and we thanked him. I used the bathroom for No1. And found out the toilet didn ‚ Ä ô t flush well. I had to flush 4 times , and each time I had to wait for the water to get full. My boyfriend said maybe because it ‚ Ä ô s too high we were at 14th floor , there ‚ Ä ô s not enough pressure. Fine. After settling down , we decided to go out for a midnight snack. Took the room key out from the slot for getting power to the room. Most Asian hotels use that to conserve energy and left the room. I went back to the room for my purse , and tried to insert the key back to the slot , the room wasn ‚ Ä ô t lit. The switch in the slot stopped working. Called the front desk , waited for 15 minutes for a maintenance guy to come , and took that guy 30 min to fix the problem. Asked the front desk for another room. The answer was ‚ Ä ú we will fix it really shortly ‚ Ä ù Came back from the restaurant nearby , we decided to make a few phone calls , but found out we were not able to call out. Asked the front desk for instruction again there ‚ Ä ô s an instruction printed on the phone , just to make sure we dialed the right numbers. Not successful. We weren ‚ Ä ô t even able to call 999 emergency number in Hong Kong , equivalent to 911 in the States . Asked the front desk to call a local number for us , and transfer the call to our room. The answer ‚ Ä ú no , we don ‚ Ä ô t do that ‚ Ä ù And asked the front desk why the phone was not working , the answer ‚ Ä ú we don ‚ Ä ô t know , if the phone line is having problem , then the phone company is having problem ‚ Ä ¶ ‚ Ä ù We stopped to argue , because we were really tired. And decided to call from a pay phone the 2nd morning , and NEVER GO TO RAMADA KOWLOON EVER AGAIN .

my name is Jesus Berenguer Lintag and we stayed at the Ramada for 4 days. The service was very good , the staff very courteous and helpful and the room amenities at 4 star level .

we Stayed for 4 Nights. Paid USD67 per night Total , incl taxes . We got exactly what we wanted. Clean , MiniBar used for refrig only , 1 Hugh bed , TV , AC/heat , Good part of town , walk to the subway , good restaurants close , clean bathroom , hot water with good pressure , tub. The room was a good size , not hugh , but sufficient for 2 people. The staff was very helpful. They had a good bar upstairs. All in all it was a very good experience. I would highly recommend it. I am really not sure why others wrote such poor reviews , I had no problems at all. This place was fine. For the money , it was great. No internet , Local phone calls HKD5 per call .

i stayed at the Ramada for four nights in January and thought it was OK. It certainly is in need of redecoration , and my room was a little cramped. However , it was clean and decent ; the staff were nice and friendly ; and the location is excellent : a block or two to the TST MRT station ; frequent buses to the Star Ferry and the airport going past the door ; and the shops and restaurants of the Nathan Road area just around the corner. The buffet meals were not exciting but were quite adequate. I paid $ HK550 a night plus taxes , which is very good value for Hong Kong. This is a good place for the budget traveller who wants something better than a backpackers ' guesthouse and who ca n't get into the Y ! .

we stayed at Ramada Kowloon Hotel for 5 days. It was an ok budget hotel , nothing fancy. The room was small as in any other hotel rooms in Hong Kong and we do n't have a view our room is on the 4th floor . We do n't mind this because we spent our time outside. Despite these , the room &amp ; toilet were clean , no complaints there. I noticed that the room door &amp ; bathroom door need a little fixing , but they still work. Elevator is small as well as the lobby. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The location is a little far going to the harbour , but it was nice walking around TST. You also need to walk a little far to reach the MTR station. There are shops nearby that sells clothes , shoes , bags , food , etc. Nice ! We did n't eat at the restaurant because there were fast food restaurants nearby. All in all , the hotel is ok for travellers who just need a nice , clean room to stay after going around Hong Kong .

we stayed here for two nights , we were booked for six. There was a connecting door between our room and the one next door and I could hear everything through the gap under the door. When you are tired after a long journey you do not want to hear the couple in the next room grunting and groaning in the middle of the night. The bathroom was dirty with duck tape stuck to the ceiling , I do not know why. The outside of the toilet was stained brown , I did not look too closely to see what was the cause and the painted was peeling from the floor tiles. If you 've booked and you 're not desperate try somewhere else. When we stayed we were charged ¬ £ 102 per night for a very , very basic accommodation. I think someone was having a joke at our expense .

i stayed at the Ramada Kowloon , Hong Kong , and my advice to others is dont go there. You cant drink the water that you boiled from water taken from the bathroom tap. The water smells of overnight cooking oil from your deep fryer. so it was off to the nearest 7-Eleven for bottled water. Then there were not even a complimentary tea bags or a newspapers , or maybe they thought a Chinese lady from Malaysia dont know English. Then I was billed HK $ 30/- each for 3 unsuccessful tolled free phone calls back to Malaysia , total HK $ 90/- , ,and HK $ 5/- for each call to places in Kowloon. I only paid HK $ 1/- for a phone call from the airport. Then on the 2nd nite , there were no bathroom light , and it took them quite a while to get it fix .

i liked my two nights here. It seemed a good deal less expensive than the Golden Mile Holiday Inn or others. The location on Chatham Road by a Park and by the nice old section was nice. There were less of the &quot ; Tailor vendors&quot ; as on Nathan Road. Also , I had less Massage offers in the evening in this area. It was a little farther walk to the great Ferry over to the Central District. The InterContinental HongKong had a great view in the lounge and dining area and all...great Security forces there , too. I was never in any danger in Hong Kong or Philippines. The Bus service from this Hotel to the Airport was super. I used Expedia to get this Hotel reserved. I received no frequent flyer miles from United Airlines on this .

i am being nice by describing this hotel as 'terrible&quot ; . I booked for 4 days , but checked out after one night. I was forced to stay the one night because of a deposit and a very late check in. The restaurant must be the worst I have ever seen , bordering on disgusting. My advice , pay a little more someplace else and be comfortable .

