hi everyone ,

the room was clean , the staff was helpful , but the location left much to be desired. Though there is a convenient bus stop on the other side of the building complex , you will need to take a bus , to the train to get to the city. After staying there I found that the amount I spent in travel would probably have been made up if I just stayed in the the city. If your desire is to be apart of the the city life and excitement this is not your place. This hotel is actually located NOT on Hong Kong Island , nor is it even located in Kowloon , but rather on a small island between the city and the airport called Tsing Yi .

this hotel offers a very big discount because it is in the middle of nowhere - rather like staying in a graveyard .

the transportation is quite a good convenience , The room was very nice &amp ; clean. I enjoyed my stay .

stayed in rambler oasis on route and return from oz.was generally pleased on route despite lack of restaurant......Was quite noisy at night due to its location next to the extremely large port.access to the city was no problem using the minibus and very efficient mtr. Taxi to the airport was $ 240 approx including a lot of luggage squashed into the boot ............Our return visit wasnt as good .....had no sleep due to a very noisy party next door but was dealt with promptly when I complained .The worst part was discovering that the sheets on our bed were dirty which we didnt realise until the following morning .....YUK .

located in Tsing Yi Island , 15 minutes to Central and 20 minutes to the airport , Rambler Oasis Hotel , along with 2 other hotels , sits in a residential complex known as Rambler Crest. Amenities include free wifi in the lobby , a gym and a shared swimming pool. It is accessible by MTR Kwai Fong and Tsing Yi , but one needs to catch the 88G to/from Kwai Fong or the 88F to/from Tsing/Yi for the 7-minute trip. The bus stop in Rambler Crest is right on the foot of the bridge , a 3-minute walk to/from the hotel. The hotel does provide paid shuttle services to Tsim Sha Tsui , airport and Disney ; cabs are also available. Although Oasis does not have a restaurant , coffee shop or a vending machine , the entire complex has an underground shopping arcade supermarket , 7 Eleven , restaurants , drugstore , clinic , etc. , open up to 2100 hrs. There â € ™ s also a restaurant next door in the Mexan Hotel. Based on observation , Oasis caters primarily to mainland tourists , who , I â € ™ m sorry to say , can get a bit loud and noisy .

rambler Oasis Hotel , $ 127. HK $ 900.00 plus 10 % services charge per room per night room only . This hotel is not close to MTR subway station , need to take a 5 minute mini-bus .

i 'm glad I chose Rambler Oasis. At first I had my apprehensions regarding the location but it worked well for us. Just a short travel time after our flight in good thing I printed the map provided at the hotel 's site so it was easy for the cab drivers to know where we wanted to go &amp ; we need not rush back for our flight out. We did n't mind taking the cab whenever we got out of the hotel because there were four of us traveling , so a HK $ 20 cab fare HK $ 5 each to Tsing Yi station was not a big deal .

i have stayed in the hotel for 2 nights. First impression - this is simple student hostel...I have changed my first room due to it was simply dusty and smell sigarets. Second one was cleaner. Both rooms was very small - around 12 sq m. Bathroom is a section 4.5 sq m .

my fiance and I stayed at the Rambler Oasis for 5 nights. It 's a bit out of the way , but with the regular shuttle bus and excellent MTR train system , it was no problem getting around. It was also nice to get out of the chaos of the city every night and head back to the refuge of our room. I guess the average price for a room here is around US $ 100 , but we booked through agoda.com and got our room for US $ 50 which was a great deal. The rooms are very nicely decorated with a very modern , minimalist design , and are quite roomy for Hong Kong standards. The pool was n't opened while we were there , but they were filling it the day we left. It was too cold to swim anyway , so no big deal .

