this hotel is in Kawloon City and hence can be easily accessable. The Hotel staff are very polite except the reception.Every thing there is chargeable ,even they charge for the TV Channels. Food is good and and the Customer Service staff are very helpful and polite. They are prompt in informing any messages or other information for guests. The location is crowdless but the nearby streets are not neat. Al together an average hotel with a lot of improvements needed for customer satisfaction .

twenty years ago this was The Hotel and once the new wharf area is in operation it will thrive again. Lots of work has been done in the cafe/restaurant area and 3rd floor and new rooms are updated all the time. After several weeks in Africa I was looking for the white fluffy towels and comfy bed , a real shower and all the extras.........I was n't disappointed. This is great value for money. Some of the room may be small you can upgrade to the 6th floor but they have everything you need for a relaxing break. It 's in Kowloon so you need to take a little bus HK $ 3 to Wong Tai Sin shops/temple then board the train to Central HK $ 11 . Have a drink in the 14th floor bar and watch the traffic...see how many privately owned cars you can spot........in a city of 8 million people the have there transport worked out beautifully .

good sized rooms , very comfy beds. service was not so bad.. most of them did n't understand english though. but the hotel was well decorated .

i got this hotel in a Wotif Mystery deal. My first surprise was that it 's in the middle of nowhere to the east of the actual downtown area. You need to take a bus or taxi just to get to the actual city. One of the amenities listed was free broadband access , when I got to the hotel they did not have this for my room. Even though it clearly stated that it did. I was forced to upgrade to a premium room 130 $ more. Rip off , this hotel is not worth it at all. STAY AWAY .

we loved our stay at the Regal Oriental hotel , the rooms were a good size by Hong Kong standards and were very well fit-out. The staff were extremely helpful and polite. I would recommend the restaurants as well , the food at Cafe Neo 's buffets was very good and special mention has to be made of their chinese restaurant the Regal Seafood restaurant as the food there was to die for , especially the chef 's special- beef and asparagus in wasabi sauce ! ! ! ! ! YUM ! ! ! ! ! ! !

the concierge , reservation service and cleaning staff were generally good overall , and their exchange rate is definitely better than having your money exchanged at the Australian Airport. Our only little whinge about their room itself is that they do n't provide enough sugar for coffee nor do they provide an iron/ironing board for use. We would 've liked to have been given the option of a smoking or non-smoking room to begin with so we did n't have to ask to be transferred. But once we got our non-smoking room , we were very happy. Although the hotel location is a little far away from the main happenings of the city , you only need to take 20 min bus trip Bus Nos. 1A or 9 to travel directly to Tsim Sha Tsui , where all the major shopping centres and eateries are. But definitely check out the Mongkok markets for discounted bags , jeweleries and clothes , which is only 15 minutes away from the hotel using the same bus route. Also , ladies...after all that shopping , you 're going to need a very relaxing foot massage , and I highly recommend going to the one directly opposite the hotel - its a must !

i do n't usually review hotels , but this one is exceptional. 1st night in Kowloon was a wash at a well known hotel in a popular area of Kowloon. Luckily , I found this hotel and decided to stay in Kowloon a few more days. Booked on-line for about 340 HK , when I arrived , the staff was actually smiling , polite and welcoming. For no apparent reason , I was upgraded into a suite 4x the size of the room in the other hotel. Then offered a package that included unlimited in-room internet , free breakfast good , fresh hot , food etc , for Less then I booked the room for on-line .

the room was good in general. but it doesnt access us to transportation easily .

we were on a family holiday with a child of 3 years. The rooms are good value for the money but then again the location is really sad , there 's absolutely nothing close by , its actually in the middle of nowhere ! !

all the negative reviews I 've read were put to rest. We had a grand time at the Regal Oriental Hotel. I booked for 2 rooms triple sharing and twin sharing . The rooms are beautiful , modern , spacious , clean. The bathroom has a bath tub. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful. We were pleasantly surprised as we did not expect the rooms as well as the hotel itself to be this beautiful. By the way , we booked our hotel thru Octopus Travel .

regal Oriental is a average 3 * hotel with no frills. The Hotel staff is courteous at the reception but room service is sad. Food is highly overpriced. Markets like Nathan street are 20 mins drive away. Nathan street is close to the electronic &amp ; fake market for purses .

the hotel is located centrally in Kowloon .. the rooms were decent but the service was not up to the mark .. basic thing like water was not available in the room and you could buy a bottle for $ 25 ! !

did n't mind the hotel at all - there are some good value buffets , and the hotel gives a discount to guests. It is far from the main sights , but the neighbourhood is quite interesting to walk around. I was n't staying long and had booked a tour which picked up from the hotel so not too bothered how far it was. The first day the staff seemed a bit arrogant , but nicer staff the second day. The waiter even remembered what I like to drink with meals Perrier . The wireless internet is very expensive !

i was rather hesitant when I made my reservation with Regal Oriental. Frankly , being a seasoned traveller , I know I should not trust everything on the hotel 's website... the clean and spacious room... the modern design. Unfortunately , I was proven right when I checked into Regal Oriental Hong Kong .

my husband was in Hong Kong for 18 months when he did his National Service many years ago so this was a nostalgic visit. We had a lovely room on 3rd floor which had obviously recently been refurbished. The en-suite was all glass which we found very novel and the shower was excellent. Coffee/tea making facilities were provided which is quite unusual in a foreign hotel. We found the staff helpful and the breakfast catered for every nationality and was more than adequate. The surrounding district is a bit run down but there are lots of inexpensive authentic restaurants and the busses are cheap and frequent. We got the A22 bus from the airport as our pre-booked transfer did not turn up , I think it cost 69HKD each and the stop is just round the corner from the hotel .

the hotel is off the 'beaten track'. The staff are not ready for European visitor 's,they had no time for us... Asked for a kettle to make a cup of refreshing tea and we were given a travel flask.. Watch out if you go into the 'English Pub ' there is a nut charge per person given if you dont eat them or arent ' given any.... Wouldnt recommend this Hotel to any one.. It was part of our package for 3 days it was ok but its definalty to far away for the hustle and bustle of Nathan Road

this hotel is quite nice and feels fresh. Our room was rather newly renovaited. We got a room on the 14th floor with a view ower the old airport and could see a little of the harborough. Comfortable beds , coffeemaking facilities , flat TV , sitting area and a beautiful chaineese dekoration at the wall ower the bed. The staff werer very friendly and helpful. Mabye the reception isn Â ´ t so great , feels a bit streange. The problem with this hotel is the location. It Â ´ s a bit way out and a bit too far from the city. We took the local doubbledecker bus just outside the hotel. It din Â ´ t even cost a dollar. It took a while to get down to the city of Cowlon but on the other hand we got a nice sightseeing tour .

i lived in HK until my early teens so I remember this hotel , which is located right next to the old Kai Tak Airport. Then , it was a classy 4 star joint .

this hotel was an excellent value , with large , clean well furnished rooms , and a bountiful breakfast buffet. As other reviewers have noted these assets come with drawbacks. This review will focus on how some of the drawbacks could be circumvented .

not all the rooms in the hotel have undergone renovation , so beware when booking a Run of House room from travel agent. Stayed here on two separate occasions , and the quality of the rooms varied significantly. The level 11 room was spacious , freshly refurbished , with comfortable beds and a LCD TV. The level 6 room was spacious but old , with hard beds , worn-out furniture , stained carpets and a mouldy smell. For both rooms , the bathroom was dated and quality of the towels ranged from fluffy to well-worn. We were also shown a newly renovated twin room on level 3 with contemporary furnishings and a modern glass bathroom , but the size of the room was extremely tiny. Service was also inconsistent , ranging from extremely helpful &amp ; polite staff to apathetic &amp ; gloomy-faced receptionists. The hotel is still undergoing renovations , and the view from the hotel rooms were of bamboo scaffolding and the concrete wasteland of the old HK airport. Location-wise , the hotel is not in a touristy area and is not close to a MTR subway station. However , outside the hotel there is a taxi stand reasonable price , but not for peak hour traffic , as well as a mini-bus station ask receptionist to change your notes to coins as the bus only accepts exact fare . Airport shuttle bus provided by the hotel was very useful .

this is a great hotel if you are looking for something inexpensive and am willing to travel via bus to places. This used to be a solid hotel back when the HK airport was in Chep Lak Kok. I was able to book a room for USD $ 75 a night via gtahotels.com , and there were many other websites that had the rooms under USD $ 100 .

the room was ok but very congested. The view from my window was terrible as there was scaffolding all around because of some construction going on at the hotel .

we were booked into this hotel as an add-on to a tour of China. We checked it 's website &amp ; it seemed fine apart from being outside the main Hong Kong attractions. There was some refurbishment happening when we arrived , lots of noise &amp ; dust , but the major disappointment was the room. Our room 347 was a furnished corridor ! The room was approx 8 feet in width with 2 single beds squashed up at the end of the room .

  It 's under extensive renovation , a fact they do n't tell you when you are booking. When you get there you have to keep the curtains drawn even during the day because of the work going on outside .

i booked the hotel thru HKHA Hong Kong Hotel Association at the airport. They offered a really good rate including airport transfer to the hotel and to the airport . The bus ride to the hotel from the airpot took only 45 minutes , but going to the airport from the hotel took about 1.5 hours because we stopped at another Regal hotel to pick up more people. But overall , the complimentary airport transfer is great .

located in Kowloon City not Kowloon Tong , and trade has passed on with airport relocation. It really is a long way from the HK action. Other than the small historic Walled City Park and the multitude of Thai and Chinese restaurants in the little enclave around the corner , there 's nothing to see or do here. The upside of that is , as soon as you leave the hotel on foot you are unlikely to run into any other tourists. It 's a working class HK neighbourhood which can be fascinating until you realise that the way people hang their washing out is pretty much the same all over the world. But if you 've been to HK many times and always stayed in tourist-infested Central or Tsim Sha Tsui , it 's an interesting experience for a couple of nights .

when arriving it has a regular three star entrance , the service is a bit chaotic , sometimes they open the door for you , sometimes they just stand there. They let you carry the luggage inside , after they take it to the bell desk. Check-in was not heartwarming. After check-in nobody was there to take our luggage up , so we unlocked it from the wire they put around our suitcases and carried them ourselves. Surprisingly while the hotel is mainly in old brown classic Chinese decor , the third floor-the Regal I-club where we stayed , was ultramodern and design , the rooms were equipped with a transparent wall-bath room and a big mirror on the ceiling that gave a bit of a love hotel impression. The Regal I-club has its own breakfast area at the same floor with a service counter , but the breakfast downstairs offers more choices .

the good point first :

spent 10 days in Regal Oriental Hotel , and enjoyed it very much. Reasonable sized and spotless room provided with everything you need for a pleasant staying : from sat TV to toothbrush. Nice and helpful staff from concierge to girls in the business lounge give this place a star more .

this hotel is located in Kowloon Tong where the old Airport and use to be the closest to the airport .

this hotel is not convenient from anywhere of interest to a foreign tourist. It is NOT near an MRT subway station and there is NO easy bus lines to an MRT station. You either have to take a taxi OR if you are chinese and adventurous you can be like a local and flag down the &quot ; right&quot ; green mini-bus from the side of the street 2 blocks from the hotel , NO station , the destination sign in chinese to take you to the nearest MRT station Wong Tai Sin station . The hotel itself looks nice but the rooms , although VERY nice , are very old. May be they are going for the &quot ; retro&quot ; look. I ate at the roof top restaurant/bar very nice and EXCELLENT night view but , I was the ONLY guest the whole time I was there. I just get the feeling that this hotel was once great but now it is &quot ; left behind&quot ; by the changing time. I loved the bed and the bedding , it has one of the best blankets and pillows that I have had in a 3 or 4 star hotel. The flat panel TV is good too. The bathroom is nice. This hotel was one of the best priced 3 star that I found for November. In summary , the accommodation is GREAT but the location is terrible for a tourist .

good sized room upgraded for small fee .

the Staff here were fantastic , very attentive and caring .

it was over-all a great hotel. Hotel Staff were nice even though I could n't understand their English that well. I like the lighting of the room. CONS - I could n't understand their television !

we have booked for one night only for 3 persons. The room was really VERY small. Normally it should be the room for 2 persons not for 3 ! One night for arrival after midnight and depart before breakfast flight very early - is ok , but not for longer stay .

this hotel must have been one of the closest and most disired hotels for the old HK airport , literally overlooking it. The staff was friendly and helpful , very much making you feel like a valued customer .

i recently went to visit Hongkong with my family and it was our very first trip to other countries .

regal Oriental used to be the renowned 4-star Airport Hotel in Hong Kong , that 's why before I move in , I do n't have any doubt on its quality. Unfortunately , the hotel 's golden days have gone , following the removal of Kai Tak International Airport to ChapLapKok..... .

