we Stayed at the Regal for 5 Days. The Reseption were always great , They all spoke English well and was always availble to help and give direction. The rooms were of a good size and very clean , a bit old but still fine. The hotel is within walking distance of the New Town Plaza and Shatin MTR and Bus terminus. The busses and Taxi 's Stopped infront of the Hotel and there is a shuttle service available. The Hotel is great value for money .

this HK hotel warrants a 4 star rating for service , facilities and a nice large well furnished room. Paid $ 600HK for room including Internet and return airport transfer. The MRT is about 15 minutes walk and breakfast is readily available nearby. Not as convenient as downtown Kowloon but the value and comfort of the hotel is unbeatable .

good location , easy to access different transportation e.g. A41 airport bus , free shuttle bus service from hotel to Shatin Railway Station. 10 minutes walk to Sun Tin Wai Railway station. Surrounded by plenty local chinese food shop .

not only was the hotel under construction , the construction was literally under our room ! We woke up the first morning to the sound of jack-hammers. When we opened up the door to find out where this horrible sound was coming from , we noticed an open panel beside our door and at least 20 men in the space below our room doing work. We asked for a new room but the hotel was booked solid and they could not accomodate us. It was a nightmare !

this is a perfectly acceptable hotel but not by any means one of the most comfortable in Hong Kong. Also , it 's pretty far away from the main tourist areas , so unless you have reason to be in Shatin , this is n't the best location for you. The rooms are spacious and have everything you need including a wired and wireless internet connection , available for HK $ 150 or 180 per night , respectively . Also a minibar with a small assortment of overpriced beers and soft drinks that 's more or less replenished every day. The bed is new and quite comfortable for those who like solid back support , but the furnishings are starting to age. The plumbing looks at least a decade old .

i stayed at Regal Riverside with my family last year and had never been so happy to leave a hotel. The corridors smelt damp and musty , and the room furnishings were old .

we stayed at this hotel in the middle of January 2009. Having looked at previous reviews I hope this review will be helpful in making your choice !

it is a nice 4-star hotel with good price. The location is not very good and the hotel is a bit old. But the room is really big and comfortable , with large king size bed and bath tub. The service is also excellent. They upgraded us to deluxe room because we booked by Amex. There was not much view , as we expected , but the comfortable large bed and clean beddings were really a pleasant surprise .

i was there with my wife and 18 mth infant on holiday and to visit relatives nearby. The room we got was fantastic. It was huge by HK standards , with tub and king sized bed. Foodwise , it is a 2 min walk to some diners and a mini market. Plenty of buses and cabs. Lovely river across the road for nighttime walkabouts. However , they were doing some renovations that was very noisy during daytime. Luckily I was out most of the day. Cost was about HK $ 700 per night .

the hotel staff was very good , particularly Alan the hotel manager. The rooms were well maintained and all of the staff were courteous and efficient. But the hotel restaurants were atrocious. We tried three of them , and the only food even remotely acceptable was the breakfast in L'eau .

we stayed for 10 days in this hotel. I was totally dissatisfied with it because of the building work that was going on , I did not get much sleep because of hammering and drilling. They did agree to change rooms , but it was not much better. I was not aware of the building works when I booked and If I knew there would be building works I would have definitely not stayed there ! The only compensation we got was a bowl of fruits that had seen better days ! The atitude of the front desk staff was very poor .

location

this hotel is nice inside and pretty much quite posh to look at. If you'relooking for something near to the centre of Hong Kong then do n't go here as you are really just in the middle of the suburb Shatin .

this was the second time we 've stayed at the Riverside as it 's handy for visiting my wife 's family in the New Territories. The hotel itself was pretty good and exceptional value compared to hotels in Kowloon. The room was immaculate and unexpectedly large. It 's easy to get to from the airport the A41 bus stops right outside despite being out of the main tourist areas .

i think the fact that the hotel was completely booked due to some conferences caused the staff to be over run and frustrated .

we just spent two weeks at the Regal Riverside Hotel in Sha Tin , and were really impressed with it. First of all , I would recommend that you shop around for the best price. I found the best price on asiarooms , and that was about 45GBPounds per night for a twin , including buffet breakfast for two .

what a lovely place to stay we have a large room over looking the river which is beautiful at night as you can see the gorgeous lights , good room size as we had a double bed and to singles a lovely walk over the brigde to the kCR at night or you can save your legs and it would only cost a pound to the station for 4 ppl which come in handy if you was tied at the end of the day or you wanted to say your legs at the start of the day .

just returned from a 4 night stay in Hong Kong with our kids. We only booked a week before , so had a narrower choice of hotels - would have stayed at the Salisbury YMCA hotel. Decided to stay out in Shatin as we were planning a Sunday at the horse races anyway only to find out at the track that kids under 18 are not allowed . The Royal Park was booked so we went with the Regal Riverside .

