if you plan to spend most of your time exploring HK and need the hotel only to sleep , then the Regal Kowloon is for you. The location is great , close to the Star ferry , Avenue of Stars , supermarket , eating joints/bars and a DFS Galleria mall excellent deals next door , not to mention quick access to Nathan Road and the night markets by cab 10 mts . There is a square out in the front which is nicely decorated for Christmas and offers some excellent eating places .

you can catch the 21 A bus from the airport and walk about 10 minutes to the hotel .

a lovely hotel , which despite its size manages to remain friendly. Good rooms and nothing is too much trouble. Location is good despite what I have read elsewhere. Have stayed here twice , once with mates and once with the girlfriend and ca n't fault it .

if you are staying in Kowloon on a budget that does'nt stretch to the Peninsula,this hotel is fine 10-15 min walk to Star Ferry and Nathon Road.Rooms were suprisingly fine and concierge service good.I paid Â £ 110 for a twin which seemed pretty good value

this Regal Hotel is one of a group , but probably the most inconvenient. Before staying at the Kowloon City we visited the Hong Kong airport Regal hotel - now that was fabbie with a Spa to die for - wow - voted best airport hotel in the world two years running... but 45 mins from Hong Kong island. Regal Kowloon City was about 20 mins from most of the action in Kowloon e.g. around Nathan rd but fairly close 10 mins by cab or local bus or metro to the Ladies Market , a little further for the flower market , fish market and/or bird market. Getting on to Hong Kong island meant at least two busses and the ferry. Busses are not expensive and the ferry is very cheap - but if you want to be in the thick of things socially , this is not the ideal location .

i heard about how hotel rooms in Hong Kong were tiny and usually just had enough room for the 2 twin beds in the room and nothing else. This is not the case with the Regal Kowloon. The rooms we stayed in could 've fit at least 2 queen beds with room to spread out our suitcases and purchases. The location was great. Close walking distance to the train station and the bus terminal. Also , close to the water , with a view of Hong Kong Island. If you want to stay in Kowloon and be close to TST without staying there , this is the place to stay. The area is so much cleaner and safer. I would definitely stay here again .

although the hotel had some work going on at the time , it was conveniently located. The price was reasonable , but I did get peeved with the fact that because there was renovation going on at the time of our stay , there was enormous drilling noise right next to our ears. Because we were hardly in our rooms , it did not matter as much as we were generally out of the room by 9 : 30 when the work started and were back only after the work was done for the day .

the Regal Kowloon grew on me as I stayed longer. Especially when I saw the bill .

apart from the central location , we were not very satisfied of our stay at Regal Kowloon. Service is very poor we had to wait ages in line to check in and check out and staff is quite rude. We asked to be moved to another room , beacause the one we were given was incredibly noisy due to a construction site nearby , but they literally ignored our request .

the location is excellent. The hotel rooms are quite big enof when compared to other hotels in HK. The staff &amp ; room service is very good. Its in centre of the city. TST &amp ; Temple street are just a few mins away from the hotel , where you can do lot of shopping. Also Hunghom station is near by. Its 5 mins from the sea side walking. Gr8 experience with good memories. The restaurants are good. Good collections of wines n liquor. Good varieties of food &amp ; many more. For me / my family it was an excellent 1 day stay in this hotel. Loved it .

i stayed at this hotel for 1 night during my transit. With an advance purchase I spent around US85 for my room. The hotel was located in TST east and was close to the waterfront , major shopping and sighseeing venues. I found the location handy as I could walk to banks , shops and restaurants to settle all of my personal business .

good hotel. good location. very convenient for trains. good shopping market nearby

first visit to Hong Kong , stayed in the hotel because the conference my husband was attending was under the same roof. Hotel was a bit old , under renovation , with bamboo sticks around the windows outside , but still fine inside. We had a late flight , by the time we checked in it was nearly midnight. Was a very fast check in. We were given the room that we asked , superior room with kingsize bed but no breakfast. No , worries , there are lots of cafes around for good breakfast. Room was not so big usual in Hong Kong from my friends ' stories , but still comfortable for 2 adults and a toddler. It just had a refurbishment as I was told. Amneties were good , WC was in excellent condition and well equipped. My son loved to have his bath everyday in the tub. Excellent location , very close to the breathtaking waterfront , which is just across the street , and just a minute walk behind the hotel are 2 great museums , which my son enjoyed and he 's just a 2 year old . Yet the place is tucked in the quiet side of Tsim Sai Tsui East , away from the hustle and bustle of TST , yet still within a short walking distance to all the shopping and eating area. MTR and the bus station was just 3 to 5 minutes walk away , plenty of taxis infront of the hotel and to the Star Ferry was a nice stroll by the waterfront , taking in the sights before arriving without having to go through all the traffics at the ferry pier about 5-10 minutes depending on your speed . The staffs were very friendly and helpful , and my husband said the food during conference and facilies were excellent too. Not so pricey for such a location amongst the 5 stars hotel around it .

we stayed here for 2 nights. We arrived after travelling all day we were so tired and when we checked in they told us they had upgraded us from standard room to a suite ! We couldnt have been happier the suite was absolute amazing. It made our trip in Hong Kong ! ! The restaurants are also really really nice. We had buffet breakfast both mornings at Cafe Allegro in the hotel and in the night we had dinner at one of the restaurants called Mezzo Grill all was so lovely ! The staff were also so friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel. The location was about 15 mintues walk to Nathan Road.. we did it both days was fine .

stayed 7 nights in this hotel in March. Booked a &quot ; Superior Room with a City View&quot ; , were checked into a very tired and dated room nothing like the picture on the website we purchased from. We asked to be moved and received an identical room on another floor , on complaining we were told that the room was not identical as it had a plasma TV and the first did not ! ! ! Eventually we were offered another room , getting closer to the photo posted but the view was of an internal courtyard and was obscured by scaffolding and mesh as the Hotel exterior is undergoing work , work which begins quite early in the morning. I 'm sure they 'll get their acts together eventually but for the time being I 'd avoid staying here as there are many other lovely , similarly priced hotels in the immediate area .

stayed here in March for 8 nights.The service was 9/10,just a minor complaint.I thought the room was good,things a little outdated,few cracks but good water pressure.Could offer a bottle or two free water.....The location i thought was fantastic.Once you got used to where you were ,i cant think of a better spot.Right across the street from the water,lots of little food areas,shopping.If you like to walk like i do 15 minutes in all directions gets you everywhere.From the Star Ferries to shopping malls.The one thing i did not like was the cost of the internet,surely in this day and age they could lower this a bit.I wouls have no qualms about staying here next trip .

brought our graduate students here after liking it the past two years. Never again. The management must have changed because the service has taken a nose dive and the rates were up. Problems kept popping up : breakfast that was to be included that kept getting billed ; assigning students to smoking rooms and refusing to find them another until I stated we 'd move them to another hotel ; hard beds , and so on. The final straw was the prostitutes knocking on our students ' doors , they were going down the hallway looking for someone to invite them into their room ! I did n't even bother to ask how the 'ladies ' got into the hotel in the first place .

fairly large , slightly dated hotel on the south of Kowloon about 10 minutes stroll to the waterfront overlooking Hong Kong island. The staff are friendly and professional and while both the rooms and public areas are clean and plush some parts look as though they could do with a little freshening up. There are several restaurants on the lower floors , a bar with a dart board ! , gym and sauna though we never tried the sauna and think you need to book and spend a while there as opposed to just wander in from the gym. I see some previous comments about call girls outside the hotel. We did see this late at night and there is a hostess bar close by which may be where they come from , though we never saw them in the hotel and it didn â € ™ t make the area seedy .

we have just returned from 10 days at this hotel. We went with another couple for a 40th birthday .

first the good things - the hotel 's position is first class. The hotel staff are most helpful and their English good .

this is a well located hotel , near everything and next to Hong Kong Centre , despite traffic. The personnel talks very good english and there is a good attention , overall .

we stayed as the first stop on a round the world trip and it was an excellent way to start ! The room was perfect , medium sized good for HK , with mini-bar and fridge , and a good marble bathroom , including bath and shower. Staff were friendly , and the lobby area is very impressive in terms of ornimental decoration. Perfect location - close to nighlife of Kowloon and Nathan Road , the Avenue of Stars , the Harbour to get the ferry to HK Island , and all museums. Hotel also offered cheap bus to the airport , easier than getting the train. We did n't have breakfast in the hotel there is an expensive cake bar and cafe in the hotel but in the surrounding streets are smaller local cafes which are good for a 'Western ' breakfast. Overall excellent hotel to stay in Hong Kong - we would recommend .

girlfreind and Istayed there whilst on shopping holiday . Rooms very clean , little dated , but overall everything worked and was tidy. Reception area was certainly well managed and staff were always happy to assist . The breakfast was supplied in our package and it was superior ,we found a huge breakfast was the best way to go before we set out on our daily activities the choices were fantastic and felt very satisfied all day TIP take a peice of fresh fruit when you laeve the breakfast room place it in your backpack and have it later on in the day .

we booked the Regal Club package and I would n't stay there without booking this. The hotel is fantastic with all the extra we got .

the Regal Kowloon was a wonderful hotel .

stayed 3 nights at this hotel - the first leg of my honeymoon .

my boyfriend and I stayed at the Regal Kowloon for 4 nights during our stay in Hong Kong in July 2008. The hotel was undergoing renovation during our stay but the staff informed us on checking in and all work stopped at 6 pm so it had v little effect on us. Our room was clean , large and comfortable. The location was good. It is about a 10 minute walk to the MTR station but it is a really lovely walk along the promenade of the stars to the Star Ferry Terminal. The hotel did not wow me but for about Â £ 95 per night Hong Kong is v expensive it did everything we needed it to do .

we had a great 2 night stay here. The lobby was undergoing renovation and was very underwhelming. We were directed up to the Exec Level check in which was smooth and friendly. Unfortunately we couldnt have a room with a view but no problem , just kept the sheer curtains drawn. A non smoking room was requested and it was great- no smell of smoke at all .

booked this hotel via Expedia Discount for a club/executive floor under 100 USD/night. Very cheap for HK standard. This hotel has basically everything that you needed in the club level room : Free waters , snacks , breakfasts , sodas , internets and LCD tv. However , what this hotel is lacking of is the view their view are really blocked by several buildings infront of them. The bed and bathroom are clean. However , the area surround this hotel is pretty dead. esp at night I do n't really feel comfortable to walk around by myself. Its quite a walk from metro station too at least 10 mins if you walk fast so if you do n't have a car in this area..you are trapped .

under no circumstances expect services from this hotel to be on par with the West despite the exorbitant rates . The concierge in the lobby referred me to a boat tour of Hong Kong that seemed fine at first , but then the crew physically pushed me off of the boat on Hong Kong island , which meant I had to find my way back to Kowloon , and the Regal shuttle back to the Riverside hotel already left , which meant I had to take a taxi at my own expense . This was not what I bargained for. Moreover , the assistant manager of the hotel pretty much blamed me for my lack of Cantonese language skills and left it at that. Then , when I finally got back to my miserable , overpriced room , the internet connection was n't working. Then , they moved me into another room and refused to comp me for internet charges...then I made a stink about that , and then finally they did comp me for the internet at about 11 : 30 p.m...a lot of good that did . I guess the water runs in this hotel though the toilet water runs pungent all the time , but it does n't warrant the price AT ALL. You 're better off paying a bit more for actual quality. AVOID AVOID AVOID .

although we had had a wonderful stay at the Harbour View Hong Kong in 2006 we decided in 2007 to stay in a different location , somewhere closer to the centre of town , and based on reviews on this site we chose the Regal Kowloon. We negotiated a really great price for a suite by dealing with the hotel direct , and found them excellent to deal with .

in a word this hotel was great ! We had an Executive suite on the 14th floor which gave us access to private dining room for breakfast , morning and afternoon teas , as well as free cocktails in the evening. The cost was around HKD2000.00 per night but you got your money 's worth. The room was good with all the amenities you expect king size bed , no balcony and with the mini bar on the house for some items. Bathroom was large with a bath and power adapters were available free of charge. Check out was easy with a reception desk on the same floor. Late check out was no problem with us checking out at 6pm. The view is the only thing that let the hotel down but in Hong Kong unless you are on the water there is bound to be a building in front of you. All the train stations are within easy walk and there are many places to eat and drink in the hotel and within a 10 minute walk. Nathan Road is a good 30 minute walk with more shopping on the way. If you are looking for good accommodation at a good price look no further .

we 've just returned from a 5 night stay at the Regal Kowloon , and rated it very highly. In response to a recent review , it certainly is n't on the island , but if you want to stay on the island do n't stay on Kowloon - pretty obvious really. Whether you think the island or Kowloon is better is personal preference , we prefer Kowloon. That said , the Regal is about a 10 minute walk from Nathan Road , so if you want to walk out straight into the heart of the area , look elsewhere. On the other hand , cross the square outside and go up onto the raised bridge , follow it to the harbour , and enjoy the 20 minute walk to the Star Ferry with one of the world 's best man-made views all the way , and not a single road to cross .

i had booked the hotel because of the mileage I can earn for my Asia Miles membership. It 's my first time staying at the hotel and I would say that it was a rather pleasant stay generally speaking .

first the location , its not that great , removed from Hong Kong Island. It 's a fast trip on the subway , but spend the extra money and stay on Hong Kong Island. The hotel is VERY dated , I do n't believe the hotel has been renovated since it was built in the 1980 's. Also we where upgrated for free to the excutive floor and the room smelled bad. Also the wallpaper was pealing and bubbling. The overall experience was not one I would recommond to anyone .

i stayed at the Regal Kowloon in October 2006 , during a business trip .

i stayed at this place for 5 nights in January 2008 , for a conference , and was very satisfied. I suspect I paid less a lot less than market price. PC Tours was the organizing travel agent for the conference , and they seem to know what they are doing .

this is our first time in this hotel , I know it thet it wouldn Â ´ t be the same like Shangrila Â ´ s Hotel , but the staying was good. I stayed at the suite room , was very big , but the bathroom was little , and the beds were very hard. The breackfast is included , american breackfast , ok , very complete. Very quiet , it Â ´ s a good option , well located in Tsim Tcha Tsui .

we stayed there for a week recently.. though our room located in non-smoking floor , there was strong smoke smell whenever we walked out from the room to lifts area. Staffs were annoyed and unfriendly started from check-in till we checked out. Room service was okay as we did n't expect too much. They hold 600 + SG for a week after we checked out and back to home , Singapore. I had to called a couple of times to hotel account department to release that amount of $ . Again , I received unfriednly tone over the phone. More over , they still charged to my card HKD120 after we checked out though I paid our room minibar consumption in cash when we checked out. I have been to HK for holidays a couple of times and this recent trip was the only set back for me to visit HK again. I will not book for this hotel again. If you want to enjoy your HK holidays , I wo n't recommand you to stay in this hotel .

we went to Hong Kong for 8 nights and then on to Shanghai and we stayed at this hotel as it was one of the only hotels that do n't charge for 2 extra kids if sharing existing bedding. Please note though that we intended to buy a air mattress for them to sleep on , but do n't bother looking as they do n't exist in Hong Kong. So make sure to bring one with you if bringing kids. I read from other viewers that this hotel was out of way , this is far from the truth. Except from staying at the Shereton or Penisula which are in great spots,amd 3 to 4 times the price , i think that the Regal kowloon Hotel is in a wonderfull spot near very good hotel 's like the Mandarin and interconinental hotels.The rooms are small and be sure to get the upgrade to a least the superior room. We payed $ 1000 hong kong per night , the cheapest i have seen is $ 950 on wotif.com. The Hotel looks like it was state of the art in say the mid eighties but has n't got out of that era ! . Lot 's of gold splatterd throughout the lobby and lifts , does look a bit tack y. But at the end of the day it is clean , staff were helpfull and we found the spot great. as we did n't get breakfast included we found the Delifrance excellent over the road. They sell a hot breakfast with coffee for only $ 24 hong kong dollars , we ate there each day for the 8 nights we were there. Also there is a starbucks right across the road and a seven eleven for all needs including wine or beer/spirits. do n't use mini bar ! . I would say hotel is approx 700-800 meters to Nathan Rd and can travel this in the underground subway if raining. Make sure to ask for room with harbour view , we were in room 605 great view . There is only a handful of rooms with view as there is a big glass building in front.i would say only 4 rooms per floor have the harbour view like on their website.Thera are also many western restraunts/bars around this hotel and only maybe 100 meters from the harbour where their is the boardwalk and view of light show on every night at 8pm. Much better spot than a lot of hotels in Kowloon up Nathan Road which is grotty and where you get hassled by hawkers. I feel Kowloon is the best place to stay as you get to look at the wonderful view over to Hong Kong island. I think Nathan Rd is tacky and dirty.I much prefer Hong island for the shopping and wonderful restraunts near the peak esculator.To travel across to Hong Kong island is dirt cheap by ferry or MTR Train. Get an Octipus card from the Train station that you can use on trains and buses everywhere so you don.t need cash. We took kids to the Science and Technology Museam which is only approx 400 meters from Hotel , worth a look. Be sure to go to Stanley Market over the other side of Hong Kong Island a beautiful spot right on water , be sure to have a seafood platter at &quot ; The Boathouse,&quot ; very resonable and delightful. and was the highlight of my trip. Families or people who want to have good western restaurants right on your doorstep where you can eat from Mcdonalds 's to great steakhouse Restaurants on yor doorstep this hotel for the money is very hard to beat .

we upgraded from a standard room on the 7th floor to a deluxe room on the 12th and , for $ 60 extra a night , there is no comparison. i say upgrade to a deluxe or stay someplace else. the deluxe room is spacious and a lot more up to date than the standard room , the latter of which is tiny , cramped and little depressing. go deluxe !

i stayed at the Regal Kowloon for one week in October 2007 .

i have stayed at this hotel 3 times - once for 2 nights , the other times just for 1 night. The first two times I was upgraded to a suite ; this was in both cases a large main room with a LCD TV and a seperate large bedroom , with a similar LCD TV and with 2 double beds and a bathroom. Last time I had a normal room which was small-ish but did have a large double bed and a two seater settee ; it did not seem that good value though for $ 1900HK a night. The rooms are in need of a makeover , they look like they 've had a lot of use. There was no free bottled water , only Evian in the minibar which at $ 35HK for 0.5L was pricey. Internet access was $ 600HK per 24hrs , also not cheap. I did not try breakfast - there is a Starbucks on the corner of the square outside the hotel that kept me in caffeine. The hotel 's location is good for Kowloon and there is a free shuttle bus from Kowloon MTR station , else its about $ 45HK by taxi .

stayed here at the start of July 2007 as part of our honeymoon with Kuoni .

stayed there 3 nights in May 2007 on the executive floor as part of a tour of China. Upon checkin , discovered a malfunctioning toilet with a crudely repaired patch of wall above the toilet. As noted by another traveler , the plumbing also made scary noises in addition to being malfunctioning. When engineering was unable to repair the toilet , we were moved across the hall to another room which produced elevator or dumbwaiter noise 24/7. The room was not made up until about 4 : 30 each afternoon. Aside from those comments , the room was smartly decorated with cream leather furniture and plasma tv , etc. Lobby is eye-popping with stained glass ceiling and gold sculpture .

we booked a one night stay here through Priceline for the night of June 1st and were very pleased with what we got for our winning bid of $ 91/night .

nice rooms and amenities with very good location , 20 minutes walk to avenue of stars , less than 5 minutes to metro station east tism sha tsui. Starbucks , 7/11 right across the mody street. Very nice breakfast. Very few rooms with harbor view .

we had a wonderful time at the Regal Kowloon. The location is excellent. Easy walking distance to just about everything , also quick access to the subway. The staff was great. The bed and the bedding was also very comfortable. The only negative was that our hallway smelled like cigarrette smoke , but thankfully our room had no oder. There was also a great transfer to and from the airport. Very convienant. Great experience .

stayed 3 nights at this hotel. Originally , we booked a standard twin room but upon checking in , the room was n't ready so we left our luggage and went out. We only checked in at night when we returned as we did n't want to waste time waiting for the room. To our surprise , we were upgraded to their Club Room and it was really nice. The interior and room size was great and beautiful and there was still a separate 'living room ' area with a sofa and coffee table .

we traveled to HK in a group of 6 and stayed the Regal Kowloon Hotel from 09 Nov till 12 Nov. Probably it was a peak season in HK and we desperately needed a hotel stay as we had to attend a wedding dinner at nearby hotel , at a price tag of SGD250 per room per night , we were definitely expecting more .

i stayed at the Regal Kowloon for a night with my mum as part of a stopover on the way to Europe. Our twin room was booked through a travel agent .

nice big rooms overlooking the bay - the decor wasnt great but we didnt go for that - only major complaint was the awful teabags supplied in the room...for a country renound for their tea it was a real let down !

first of all yes this hotel is a little farther out of the main tourist area of Kowloon but the MTR is only 10 mins walk , and if you walk an extra 5 mins you can be in the middle of Nathan Rd and all the action. If this bothers you taxis in HK are everywhere and cheap .

well located , reasonably priced place for a break in Hong Kong. Venture out into the square and try breakfast at one of the authentic local diner â € “ just don â € ™ t expect to have any idea of what you are ordering !

we paid HK $ 700 a night for a weekend there , and found the rooms fairly spacious especially by HK standards and clean. The bathrooms could be spruced up somewhat , but still satisfactory. The room we got also offered a peek at the harbour , though it felt more industrial than scenic. We did not have much contact with the staff largely because we could not find them ! . The one that we did find at the concierge desk was curt and not particularly helpful -- in short , he told us that there was no dim sum served in the hotel , and that we were better off eating elsewhere. We did .

