i am writing this as we are in the place now and I have noticed some questionable competition ? bad reviews in previous posts and want to let everyone know the place is 5 star and meets/exceeds standards for comparable hotels .

the Regal Hotel at the Hong Kong International Airport is always a good choice if you need to make an early morning flight the next day. It is so convenient to the international arrival and departure terminals. You can walk there. You do n't have to go outside and wait for a shuttle bus. The hotel offers several excellent restaurants and they are not fast food places. We had an exquisite Cantonese cuisine dinner at their Rouge restaurant. The rooms are comfortable , quiet and stylishly furnished. You do n't even feel like you 're in an airport hotel .

wow â € “ what a great hotel this is â € “ whilst travelling from the UK , we had a great overnight stay here on 2 occasions , being upgraded each time. Located right in the airport it is fantastic if like us you have had a long flight. To be met by the hotel representative before clearing Customs was a nice touch , particularly as we had lots of luggage for our holiday. This hotel lives up to its 5 star rating and would highly recommend .

i stayed one night here before heading home from Indonesia. It was conveniently located and when I arrived , the lobby was decorated for Christmas ! I had a room on the 10th floor - part of the upgraded rooms and was really happy with it. The bed was very comfortable and I ordered room service , and it was tasty. My only complaint was that the shower was the worst I have ever had - no pressure and the temperature kept changing .

we staye here one night to break up our flight from Europe to Australia .

having stayed here alot in the past on an airline stopover , company choice , I was always unhappy with my stays. Staff never cared , overall cleaniness/decor of hotel is poor , and internal room noise will keep you awake for hours. But I did always enjoy the China coast Bar and the music-singer .

the Regal Airport hotel recently won the award for Best Airport Hotel in the World. It certainly deserves this accolade. Most airport hotels are dull , impersonal , dirty and frenetic. The Regal is the opposite to these usual traits .

i stayed there for a 15 hours layover to India. I booked 21 days in advanced to get special rate and also upgrade to the executive club level 11th floors and up . Checked in at around 6AM and out at around 8PM. The executive level requires insert and remove of your key card to select the floor in the elevator. There is also the Regal Club lunge for the executive level guests to enjoy simple breakfast and also happy hours in the late afternoon with complementary munchies , beer , wine , champagne , and a small collection of liquor. You could also go to the club any time during the stay for coffee , tea , water and other soft drinks .

great location , just a short walk from the airport terminal. We booked a room on the Executive floor and the 6pm checkout time allowed us a full day of exploring Hong Kong before taking our evening flight. The train connection to the center of Hong Kong is very fast and convenient .

i have never been a fan of airport hotels but appreciate they are useful if you have a very short stopover or do n't know when your plane will leave .

we have used this hotel several times as a respite between countries and long haul flights. It is just terrific. You can walk from both terminals at the Hong Kong Airport it is attached to terminal one . The staff is excellent from the bell hops to the waiters to the front desk to the maids - all are pleasant and eager to help. We were able to store luggage between trips , mail the too many gifts we bought home , swim , eat and drink in comfort. We then left for a 13 hour flight in great shape. A great place to rest and recharge .

we booked a suite on the club level with the greeting service. Had n't got to bed before we left so being met and shown to the hotel was great. Check in was prompt friendly and efficient and the room was prepared for us. The suite was very spacious and the bed is ENORMOUS and very comfortable. Bathrooms are well appointed and everything works. The electronic light controls by the bedside are annoying. The wontons at breakfat are a must. Took a long swim in the OM SPA pool top work out the kinks after the flight. Nice pool - 25 meters down one side to swim laps. All the staff , everywere are focused on providing you with good service. For an airport hotel it was surprising .

the only thing good about this hotel is the location. Unbelievably hokey lobby some sort of weird cruise ship theme . Hard beds , shabby interior , poor facilites , really not that good especially considering the price. Ca n't comment on the food as we got in late and left early. Think the Novotel down the road might be a better option .

stayed here for 2 nights with my family to celebrate my daughters bday. I 've been looking around for hotels with packages that is great value for money. I stumbled on the Regal Airport Hotel 's &quot ; Summer Caribbean Cruise Package 2009&quot ; for Macau and Hong Kong residents .

a sudden change of plans due to the typhoon resulted in transiting through HKIA. The best option available was to try this hotel. I managed to get a good deal late night through the counter in the arrivals hall and walked via the connecting bridge to the hotel. The lobby was huge and check in was swiftly done by a good staff. However , the rooms were very disappointing. They were long past its age and the furniture , carpets reminded me of a B&amp ; B in UK. Bathrooms were tiny and toiletries of poor quality. The air-condition system was terrible and again of very poor quality with inadequate cooling. Bedding and mattresses were horrible. Luckily I had to manage for just 5 hours and spent a miserable night there. The only positive grace was the good staff and easy access to the terminal building which helped me grab the first flight available out of HKG. I would have never thought this hotel has won the best airport hotel award. For me , it should only go to the Crowne Plaza Changi. At the most this hotel deserves a 3 star level .

just stayed at the Regal Airport - for 1 night

brilliant place to destress out of the busy city , and just 28 min to the the city central .

i stayed in this hotel one night for transit to other place. The hotel is very nice and next to airport. Service is good. Breakfast is good. Room is clean and equiped with big LCD TV. Fast internet access .

the hotel is huge with decent size room and amenities. Lot of TV channels and free movies. A varierty of restaurants to choose from within the hotel premises or at the airport in a few minutes walk across a footbridge . The hotel is the closet one to the airport and offers nice view of the runway but it is a bit far from other attractions except those on the Lantau Island. Good soundproof and hardly heard any aircraft noice .

great hotel if youre lookin for an airport hotel...breathtaking views of hongkong

we spent one night at the Regal Airport Hotel last month. It was extremely convenient to help break up an overseas flight with a night 's rest after first flying nonstop for sixteen hours from the States. We landed in the evening , had a buffet dinner at one of the hotel 's restaurants , washed up and had a good night 's sleep before flying out again first thing in the morning .

my name is Vince Palumbo and I am a coach/player for the Australian Stickfighting Team,

my husband and I were stuck in Hong Kong for a few days and needed to be close to the airport. We booked the hotel through the Hotel desk in the arrival hall which gave us a good price for the first night. We negotiated the other nights and managed to get the discounted rate again. It is connected to the airport via a walkway and as it was pouring with rain we has no trouble staying dry. Our non smoking room had been used by someone who smoked and staff were helpful and moved us to another room immediately. The room key kept the lights on , the only trouble was when you went to sleep you either had to pull out the key which meant no lights on and a fumble to the bathroom or you slept with lights on. Three nights was enough. We did manage to get the airport express into Kowloon which was very easy. Complimentary water and fruit were helpful .

a perfect Airport hotel

i read recently thet this property has been woted best airport hotel in the world belive it was British edition of Business Traveller Magazine . What a lie ! ! ! Tasteless interior decorations , rude staff who ignores your complaints mine was about internet usage

stayed one night due to a 13 hour delay on a Cathay Pacific flight. Check-in/check-out was quick and the room was better than average. Cathay paid for the room but the rate that night was ~ $ 180 which was a bit pricey. There was no free high-speed Internet ; I called the front desk &amp ; operator and was rudely told that Internet does not come with room and they hung up on me before I could ask how to pay for it... twice. I had to bring my computer and walk back to the airport terminal to use their free wireless connection. Lame .

i only stayed overnight as i had to catch a plane the next day to Shanghai. The hotel was modern and clean and the hotel staff were very efficient. Check out was quick and easy. Highly recommended if you want a good airport hotel .

with the possible exception of the Fairmont Vancouver Airport , the best airport hotel I have evr stayed in. Facilities and service were outstanding and staff were amazingly considerate of teh fact that I was temporarily in a wheelchair .

we 2 adults and 2 children stayed at the Regal Airport Hotel for 5 hours halfway through a trip from Europe to New Zealand. We had eight hours in Hong Kong. Just a short walk through the terminal took us to the hotel. Checkin and checkout were efficient and the room we had was of a good size , clean and tidy. Kids liked Cartoon Network on a good size TV. Nice to see a couple of bottles of water supplied free of charge .

we stayed at this hotel for two nights because we arrived at 1am and we were offered an extra free night. we requested a non-smoking twin room , but somehow we could still smell smoke in the room. there was only one small pillow on each bed , and there was no blanket except one thin velvet cloth. The room was equipped with a small tube TV , and the bathroom was filthy , with mold in the corners. the airport is far away from the center of the city , and there 's nothing around the area. i do not recommend this place to anyone .

stayed here for 2 nights. The hotel feels 'new ' . Clean , trendy &amp ; great selection of restaurants &amp ; bars. However , the 'standard ' rooms are small .

this is the second visit to this hotel within the past 2 weeks , enroute to the airport for an early-morning flight .

a great place for tired transit travelers with a direct link to the airport. So you are paying for the location and convenience. It 's about US $ 180 for a room WITHOUT Breakfast Breakfast costs an extra US $ 32 . The hotel exterior,entrance and halls are luxurious but the rooms are like 3 stars quality so not up to what you may expect based on the rate the exterior look of the hotel. Food and beverages are over priced so you better have your meals at one of the so many restaurants at the airport .

great location , located at airport. Check-in service staff gentleman was unfriendly. Clean but dated room .

staff did not display the smallest indication of concern in regards to serving me at any point. Following this when I finally got to see an attendent they informed me that the room that had been reserved for me by Cathay Pacific for my layover was no longer available becuase they were not taking any more Cathay passengers .

stayed for one night at the Regal Airport Hotel in transit in HKG .

stayed at this hotel during a 12-hour layover in HK. Selected the hotel due to its close proximity to the airport. Bad mistake. I could n't sleep at this place. Next time , I 'll go into the city .

we stayed 4 nights in Regal Airport Hotel from 14-18 May 08. We were there for a business convention .

i used this Regal , as many do , as a transit hotel during a layover 13hrs between flights. The hotel is attached to the airport .

this was my second stay at this hotel. The first stay they were slow in checking in and out but I had dropped in on a whim due to being too fatigued to go into HK and having to fly out the next day. I ca n't say enough good about the place. It 's a perfect place to get reset after a long flight. The building is solid concrete and virtually sound proof. The decor throughout the place from the entrance to the interior halls is tranquil and opulent with low lighting in the right places. They had some nice piano music playing in the spacious atrium lobby as my father and I checked in after a very long flight from San Francisco. Check in was quick , courteous , and efficient with no problems whatsoever. Not sure why some reviews are so negative. Perhaps some people are a bit strung out from a long flight. Long haul fatigue can crush your patience. As for the reviewer who was critical in general of HK customer service , except for one cabbie and shuttle driver , I 've not found better customer service and courtesy anywhere on the globe ! I 've certainly never had a problem at this hotel and heartily recommend it to anyone .

i was booked into the Regal Airport Hotel by Cathay Pacific with my 9 year old son at 1am. This was our second night running in an airport hotel following some weather disruption compounded by some extreme Cathay incompetence / indifference .

we stayed at this hotel for 10 hours daytime during a stopover from Perth , although we needed to stay for 12 hours , but the cost was prohibitive. It was 200Euro for the 10 hours ! We did n't have any problem checking in , but again , as someone else mentioned , the hotel desks at the arrivals area in the airport are absolutely useless ! We had tried to find this hotel on our way to Perth , knowing we 'd need somewhere on the way back , and not one person could tell us that there was a hotel at the airport ! ! !

located perfectly just a few minutes walk from arrival area

me and my wife have arrived in HK on SAT night and our connecting flights were on SUN lunchtime. We wanted to overnight somwhere comfortable in airport hotel or somewhere near airport. Little did we know that HK has only 2 options if you want to be near airport - Regal Hotel and Novotel .

flight had been moved to a later date , but food and accomodation was provided directly from the airline. We were very impressed with this hotel ! Lobby was fantastic and rooms were so expansive ! The hotel also offers many different restaurants , which is a plus , so many to choose from ! You 'd think that airport hotels could sometimes be noisy and boring , but this was definitely far from that ! It was a good and quick stop over !

stayed here because I basically had no choice , with a very early flight the next morning. Rooms are tiny - like a Japanese style &quot ; business hotel&quot ; with pre-molded bathrooms. Do n't remember whether the hotel is non-smoking , but my room definitely was , and yet the whole place stank of smoke , as well as some other undefined smell in the rooms that made sleep difficult. Uncomfortable bed , inedible room service dinner , inevitable queues at reception... This is a 2-star hotel charging 5-star prices , but they have a captive audience. I heard that a second hotel will open at HK airport - maybe it will be better ?

we were put up here one night because of a flight delay. At first , I did not like it at all , possibly because I was in a bad mood from the flight delay. But I must admit they did check in a couple of hundred people quite quickly I guess they get lots of practise .

after reading mixed reviews we did wonder what we were going to find on arrival , we need not have been concerned. The hotel is fantastic .

i was really pleasantly surprised with this hotel. It 's a 3 minute walk from the arrivals area ; club lounge is perfect and it 's open till 11 : 30pm. The spa was great and Betsy gives one of the best massages I 've had. If you stay on the club floor , you get 30 % off spa treatments which is a great value. Nice gym ; pretty public areas and a nice pool and garden to sit in. Room was perfectly fine. I would n't stay there if I were going into town but as an airport hotel it 's great .

i travel through Hong Kong a few times a year. I try different hotels usually for the experience. However , in May of 2007 I did n't have a lot of time and I just wanted to stay close to the airport. I 've heard poor things about the Airport Regal , but I thought I 'd give it a try anyway. What a mistake. Very expensive for what you get. Modest accommodations , reasonably clean , labyrinthian room locations , very slow check in/out desk. On top of that the hotel nickel and dimes for everything ! I guess that would be ok if the room cost was less , but it is not .

they will not honor my booking through Hotels.com $ 177 . They told me that they do not like Hotels.com and claimed that they will send an email to Hotels.com to complain .

i stayed at the Regal Airport Hotel for three nights on business .

i stayed at this hotel when I went to visit a client , which happened to be an international airline headquartered out at the Hong Kong airport. We were very close to the client , being at the airport , but we were far from the city of Hong Kong. This hotel is quite new and very modern , and getting to Hong Kong is convenient using the HK Airport Express train. The room was smallish , but very new and clean. I did not eat in the hotel , and spent most of the trip at the client 's headquarters , which is a campus unto itself. This is convenient if you are doing business at the airport , but not if you are a tourist or doing business in-town ; definitely a business traveler 's hotel .

needed a place to crash between an exhausting trip to mainland and flight back to NY the next morning. So I crashed at the last minute at the Regal instead of dragging myself into Hong Kong proper .

this has to be one of the most depressing hotels I have ever stayed in. Due to a flight cancellation I was forced to stay in this place. I paid Â £ 170 for single occupancy for one night breakfast not included . Had there been a choice I would have gone elsewhere but this is the only hotel within walking distance of the terminal building. The staff are unwelcoming , the rooms tired looking and the room service disgusting. Such a depressing hotel. Its only saving grace was a fairly average gym. Unless you have a very early morning flight my advice would be to take the airport express into town and stay someplace else .

we have stayed here numerous times on route to Europe from Australia. We have mixed feelings about this hotel. The positive being is the location to the airport , basically you just walk from customs through the airport to the hotel. It takes approx 6 minutes. Just follow the signs. The negative â € “ something always goes wrong â € ¦ â € ¦ .

we stayed overnight at the Regal in transit on Cathay from New Zealand to London. I normally stay in Central or Kowloon when visiting HK , but there seemed to be no point in doing that for a 12 hour layover .

my experience was very similar to a previous reviewer ChaunceyGardiner , . I was also on the 11th floor at the same HKD 2,000 rate which entitled me to free Internet and health club access , but no Regal Club privileges available for an upgrade , which I declined .

what would you expect from an Airport hotel ? FLEXIBILITY ! ! ! ! ! That â € ™ s all that the Regal does not offer. They have a ridiculous cancellation policy of at least 48 hours before date of arrival. That means if your flight is cancelled or you have to change your flight plans you are in trouble. I had a reservation at the Regal last week and I had to change my flight plans but there was no way to cancel the reservation without having my credit card charged. Thus , if you are looking for flexibility that is definitely not the hotel for you in Hong Kong. It may be convenient located at the airport terminal but it is very expensive when compared to much better hotels located in either Kowloon or Hong Kong island. Since the Airport Express train only takes 24 minutes from the airport to Hong Kong you are much better of staying far from the Regal Airport .

i â € ™ ve stayed here before , and it â € ™ s an effective hotel for what it is : transit crashpad. It â € ™ s a reasonable trolley push from baggage claim , and for those of us who fondly remember the old airport an enormous leap forward from the Regal Kai Tak .

i stayed at the Regal for one night during a layover on my way from Europe to Australia. I chose the Regal because of its location at the airport and the close proximity the Tung Chung mall and the NP 360 aerial tram .

the location of the airport to the Regal is so convenient , but you should only stay at the Regal only if you need to be close to the airport. Of course transportation into the city is very convenient , but it still takes about almost an hour to get to Central .

basic luxury hotel in the airport .

i was lucky enough to go to Hong Kong for a week in February to participate in the Chinese New Year Celebrations. I stayed with a performance group for 5 nights at the Regal Airport Hotel. I can not comment too much on the price of the Hotel , because I did n't have to pay for the accommodation , but I can comment on other things .

i consider the Regal to be one of the best airport hotels I have ever stayed in. The quality is consistent and this is a hotel that is incredibly well managed. I have stayed here a couple times and love it. Don â € ™ t bother leaving the airport if you need a hotel. Stay here. The convenience and the quality merit the price you pay .

we had a 12 hour layover in Hong Kong from London to Sydney and decided to book here to sleep/shower. It was expensive but we did n't expect much from an airport hotel. The hotel is connected to the airport via an enclosed walkway and directions are well marked. Check-in/out was quick and we were impressed by the quality of the room and the bathroom. The pool area looks nice , but the weather was not cooperative. We did not try any of the food outlets , but it looked like there were a lot of options .

we stayed on the business club level of the hotel. The room was very clean and well-appointed , and the club lounge always had a helpful , English-speaking staffer available. Check-in and check-out were quick and easy. The hotel laundry service 50 % discount for business club guests , which made costs quite reasonable was excellent and on-time. At the business centre we thought the HK $ 14.00/page fee for printing out from the computer was a rip-off .

after reading reviews of this hotel on TripAdvisor and other sites , I was prepared for the worst. Though others complained about poor service , less than perfect rooms , etc. , I found very little evidence of this. Instead , I encountered a very friendly and efficient staff and a newly redecorated facility. My spouse arrived before I did we stayed our first night at the airport in Hong Kong before that , and she chose to pay to upgrade to the executive floor , which included a very fast Internet connection for my laptop in the room , a full and excellent breakfast , and access to the business lounge which has a few computers for guest use . The location very much suited our purposes after a leisurely breakfast the next day , we changed , as planned , to a hotel on Hong Kong Island , where we stayed for several nights . The airport is a long way from town even with the fast train , so staying here for business or pleasure for several days and commuting to the city is not a viable option. However , if you have business for only a day in Hong Kong or Kowloon , staying here may be very convenient. I 'd stay here again if I needed to be at the airport very early or very late. I did find that if I booked on-line directly with the hotel through the Regal booking site that they often offer an advance pre-paid booking Internet special that is far less than the rates of traditional booking services. Maybe it was an unusual experience or the fact that we upgraded to the executive floor , but we very much enjoyed our brief stay and were a bit sorry to leave .

i stayed here 8/28-8/29 for 2 days. I received a discounted rate of approximately 1200/night , which amounts to about 154 US. This hotel is not a 4 star US standard. I would give it maybe a 3 star , it feels more like a holiday inn type room. It is bigger than a normal size hong kong room , but no fancy soap or shampoo , just your basic amenities. I am in agreement with the majority of the reviews , this is an overpriced hotel for a standard room. If your flight leaves at 3 : 00am in the morning you might consider staying here , but with the convenience of the subways and buses , you have a better choice of hotels elsewhere. Also review your bill or have maid or somebody go thru room with you after you check out if possible , I received an extra 2nd $ 9.00 US $ 68.00 HK charge on my credit card bill This was not for the room tax nor 10 % service charge. These 2 items were added to 1st credit card charge I have no clue what this is for as I avoided the overpriced mini bar and took none of their amenities or towels. I dont plan to dispute the charge because the hassle of getting refunded will just aggravate me more , but for the rest of you , please beware .

we were pleasantly surprised by the Regal Airport Hotel. Large spotlessly clean room , big size bathroom with great shower , king size bed and lots of channel on TV , lunch buffet had lots of food veriety .

we stayed at Conrad for only HK $ 2000 , but we have to pay HK $ 2200- for our last night in HK , in order to catch the early fly. The hotel is not the same class as Conrad , it is really over priced .

i too often have to stay there , due to my flight schedules .

i have read many bad reviews about this property , so I was prepared for the worst. I was very pleasantly surprised. I booked my room through asiarooms for a very reasonable $ 151 USD including taxes I have seen reviews from people who have paid double and even triple this price and requested a Non-smoking King with runway view. I was expecting to get none of my requests met based on the low rate I paid and to be relegated to the worst rooms in the hotel like you get when booking thru Priceline. WOW...every request was met and as an added bonus we were given a great corner room which angles out like a pie wedge making is MUCH larger than almost all the other rooms. The front desk agent gave us her business card at check-in and said to call her if there was anything she could do to make our stay more pleasurable. Is this really the same hotel everyone complains about ? ?

having arrived in Hong Kong from London en route back to Australia I had no choice but to stay at Regal airport hotel even though I felt price was a bit high.. .

we got our room for GBP150.00 for the night at agency rates. We arrived at 9pm and were flying out at 9am so an airport hotel was essential .

like most people we stayed overnight here between flights - arriving around 10 pm on a Thursday evening and leaving 11 am the next morning , going home .

stayed each time when passing through HK on business trips for the past 2 years now which was about twice a month. My last 2 stays in December and the one just last Friday were horrid ! Seems the service has disappeared completely. Staff was just rude and obnoxious throughout. On check out I asked to speak with the general manager as I really felt insulted by the front staff but was kept waiting in lobby for close to an hour only to be told the general manager was too busy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Disgraceful management ! !

we stayed one night between our flights from Australia to North America and arrived late in the evening. The room temperature never rose above 18 degrees Celcius and the shower taps were broken and therefore shower temperature adjustment was extremely difficult. Service was just OK and the breakfast which was included in our package was pretty good. For the price of the room we did not feel we received good value at all. Room was clean but bed was like sleeping on a sheet of plywood and there were no face cloths .

like so many others , stayed here for one night so I could catch a morning flight next day .

like everyone else who has to stay at the Regal , I had to stay there because of an early morning flight. Thus , I had no choice but to pay inflated prices for the privilege of bunking down for the evening .

