while they are currently renovating the 'pipe duct ' system , this is a relatively good hotel. Renovations are between 10am and 6pm , so should be okay for those who do n't need to sleep during the day .

our stay in the hotel was comfortable .

the Regal hong Kong is well located in Causeway Bay , close to MTR , Harbour , shops , markets etc with easy access to many attractions on the island. We took the Royale Platinum option which includes an extensive range of add ons including , free airport shuttle , free late checkout , breakfast , afternoon tea , cocktail hour , executive floor , dedicated checkin etc. very good value .

stay for a week with my 13 yrs old daughter .

i was impress when I check-in , The girl at the Reception desk Panffy not sure with big eyes gave me a warm welcome with smile , after checked-in she gave me a map to show me where is the best place to shop .

while not disagreeing with some of the negative comments in recent

my real issue with this hotel is a matter of taste. Dated 'Renaissance ' is n't really my thing and I found the whole decor an affront to the senses. So if you like this style - you are much more likely to like this hotel .

it was my second stay in Hotel regal hongkong. It was nice experience .

we liked it very much , service was very good , rooms big and clean , location super many shops , restaurants , and metro near by .

on the new business side of Hong Kong it has a great accessible location. We were a part of a large group visiting Shanghai and HK and so stayed for 3 nights and were able to do all sight seeing and even go kowloon easily from here .

hotel is located in down town , I can see part of the harbour from my room .

the hotel is decorated back in the Renaissance period with mirrors and lots of gold around the hotel and the rooms .

after having to endure a half-hour wait to even approach the check in counter , we found ourselves confronted by possibly the slowest and most frustratingly inept staff in all of Asia. No mean feat given the competition for this title on the Chinese mainland .

we stayed in this hotel for one week and very much enjoyed our stay. Staff were pleasant and friendly. They had already arranged a late check out for us as we had a late flight home. We also ate in the two restaurants and thoroughly enjoyed our meals. We also had breakfast one morning and the buffet was out of this world. We were unfortunate in that we only got 3 days of good weather and so only managed to the rooftop pool once. My one criticism would be that while we were there , men were working at the poolside and made me feel slightly uneasy. Other than that the location was great and we would happily stay in this hotel again .

very nice , tidy hotel. Very centrally located and only a 5 minute walk to timesquare .

the location of the hotel is not bad. 10 minutes walk from the causeway bay mtr. The property is decorated in a rather over the top psuedo french renaissance meets baroque meets bad taste peachy pink everything style ! Still the rooms are large and the beds are very comfortable and pillows etc of high quality. The bathrooms are large too .

a very comfortable hotel in a good location .

reached hotel at midnight due to my flight. The check in was a breeze and the counter staff who assisted my check-in took less than 5 mins to settle me to my club floor. Before I left the counter , he assured me mine is facing a seaview .

stayed two nights for business in Hong Kong. Overall an older property with older bathrooms , OK for a business trip but probably better suited as a tourist hotel , with a its great location in Causeway Bay .

we stayed at the Regal Hong Kong hotel for 5 nights in March and paid Â £ 58 per night with BA holidays. At the time most of the 4 star hotels were at least double this price. After reading the tripadvisor reviews I was a little unsure of what to expect but as the price was so cheap I decided to go ahead with it. On reflection I was pleased I did .

i stayed at this establishment last summer with my wife for about 5 days. First off , when we arrived at the entrance , no one offered to help with our bags , even though there were several bell boys standing around chatting - a first sign of doubt for a supposedly 5 star hotel. We went to check in , the staff at the reception were trying to avoid contact with the guests - forget smiles and hospitality , we waited for 10 minutes just for them to &quot ; get around&quot ; to us , even though there was no line. The girl that checked us in clearly had her mind somewhere else , as I told her at least twice I wanted a smoking room , and she had to ask me again as if she had not heard what I said .

service is awful. Housekeeping sends extra pillows and doonas without their cases or separate from their cases. Takes them about half hour to get these things to you. They also have a tendency to go into your hotel room everytime you leave it. Checking in took a long time. Cleaniness is average. Spa tube in the room needed to be recleaned before we could use it. Rooms are older than what they look on websites etc. Does not live up to the number of stars it claims to be. There are much better quality hotels at lower prices in Hong Kong .

i stayed at Regal Hong Kong Hotel with my family for our vacation in Hong Kong last week. The hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the city and is surrounded by a number of shopping malls , which is the reason why I made my reservation as both myslf and my wife love shopping. We were offered a newly renovated room with a great view of the harbour. Unfortunately the swimming pool was under renovation otherwise it would be a perfect stay !

this is one of the strangest hotels I have stayed in. The reception is

regal Hotel was a good experience. It was part of the package we bought along with the tickets , to save some money and spend it shopping in Hong Kong ! ! !

i travel all over Asia/Pacific for my work , and see different hotels almost every week. This one takes the cake : the absolutely worst experience ever. I stayed in this hotel for only 1 1/2 days and hated every minute of it - and checked out as fast as I could , switching to a much more service-minded and better hotel. My secretary booked this disaster for me , probably thinking it was a 4 * hotel , for a week. The issues started immediately while checking in. Despite them having the full details of the company creditcard and thus 100 % guarantee of payment , limit 25.000 USD they came up with all kinds of lame excuses why that was not good enough and subsequently DEMANDED a USD 1000 &quot ; security deposit&quot ; in cash ! Guess what ? Even after depositing that rediculous amount they DEMANDED , the very next day , USD 500 MORE deposit TO OPEN THE STUPID MINIBAR which was locked immediately upon arrival while I entered the room , even ! . I could n't believe it. Do I look like I can not be trusted for a can of Coke or something ? After the check-in process the frontdesk staff was downright unfriendly and I felt not only absolutely un-welcome , but even like a criminal. The room was tatty , dusty and downright dirty and wornout in places - dispite the fact that it was supposed to be a &quot ; Superior&quot ; room. I have the pictures to prove it. If you like the style , then they indeed do have some nice woodpanelling and some faux &quot ; French&quot ; impressionist pictures on the wall here and there , but basically it 's a facade and a complete zoo. As so often is the case with so-called 4 and 5 star hotels : the more marble the more BS. Never , ever , will they see me there again , or in any other hotel of that group. I did receive apologies upon checkout , and even the promise of a better experience next time , but I really had it with these guys. SERVICE and HOSPITALITY are not part of their vocabulary. The only thing that is really welcome there is your wallet. Which , by the way , is proven by the other reviewer who they tried to squeeze for a bottle of water ! BEWARE !

as a business traveler who aways travel staying at the different hotel around the world this case is the worst .

my sister and myself stayed for 5 nights in this hotel. Despite the hiccup during the check-in process , we got a nice room that is quite large by HK standard with a queen 's bed. It is definitely a plus with the free shuttle service thru/fro HK International Airport .

bad idea to visit Hong Kong during the convention weeks , where hotels were either fully booked out or charged exorbitant rates. I stayed for a week at the Regal Hong Kong hotel at Causeway Bay , due to the unavailability of the very highly rated Conrad for a business trip at the end of October .

i am staying here as I write. My local secretary booked this because all desirable hotels were booked out this week and I gave zero notice of coming .

i highly recommend the Regal Hong Kong hotel. We stayed there for 9 nights from 24th March â € “ 2nd April 06 .

regal Hong Kong situated at the quiet end of Causeway Bay , a major shopping area on the island. It 's 10-min walk through elevated footbridge from the subway station .

stayed here because most of our other regular hotel choices in Hong Kong were not available .

being a well travelled travel agent , I have stayed in some of the best hotels in the world. For example , the last two times I was in Honk Kong for work , I stayed in both the Shangri La and the Peninsula .

we visited The Regal Hotel in Hong Kong in February and thank God it was only a short stop on our trip. The Hotel is rated as a 4 * hotel but I have stayed in better hotels that were only rated with 2 * ! The decor is so terribly out of date , the rooms are incredibly small and every time we turned the lights on they blew. The gym was located in the basement of the hotel and was in a tiny room that consisted of about 4 machines. In fact every aspect of this hotel was old , grubby and needs a huge overhaul. The only positive asecpt was the staff , they were friendly , polite and extremely helpful. I would never stay at this hotel again .

stayed at the Regal Hong Kong Hotel for 6 days from 1st - 7th March 05. It was an excellent hotel with a good location on Hong Kong Island. Our room on the 25th floor had a glimpse of Hong Kong harbour and Victoria Park .

