stayed with my wife and son 4 years old . This Hotel is in the shopping ccomplex. At the lobby , look out for the florist shop where there is a door which leads you into the shoping complex at level 2. There one can go to a supermarket &quot ; Needs&quot ; to get everything and there is a McDonald 's too breakfast starts at 4 A.M. . The Arena of Stars is situated at the back of this hotel. From there you can walk to the ferry pier 15-20 minutes walk .

having been to many cities and towns around the world we were very happy with everything about this hotel. Location is lovely being adjacent to the wonderful sea front with its magnificent light show each evening,and near to the star ferry to take you to Hong Kong.You can easily walk to the many exciting and bustling shops. Taxis are cheap . The staff were lovely and very helpful. We chose the club option which was well worth it because we had a complimentary breakfast,v nice , and free hors dorves and drinks between 6-8pm which were beautifully prepared and exquisite .The bedroom was large with shower cubicle and bath,and luxurious bedding. .All in all we could not have wished for any more .

i stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and it was a pleasant stay. However , during the day times there was some ongoing construction nearby and it was significantly noisy. The room is very standard with a little bit outdated furniture and old style TV set. The bedding was good enough : regular Marriott standard. I agree with some other reviewers : the ceilings are low but in general it is ok unless you are really tall. The position of hotel is very convenient if you are going to use local transportation : the metro station is right on the corner of hotel and it is really cheap , very safe and clean. I think the hotel has no any amazing views of harbor my room was facing only to backyard where there is a pool . Anyway , you should walk just few steps to reach walking promenade with really nice views of Hong Kong island. In general , would reccomend this hotel for short term business stays .

the front desk staff from the time of check-in was not at all courteous , in fact they were rude. The rooms are small , worn out , and the plumbing does n't even work. The breakfast in the Concierge Lounge is terrible. They are charging us $ 50USD for a small , uncomfortable rollaway bed .

stayed at this property 5 nights for the sole reason that my primary frequent traveler program is Marriott. The rooms are outdated , and as a Marriott Gold Level member , I had the club level privledges , but my room was n't on the club level. The location in TST Kowloon is not convenient , everywhere I needed to go was a 15 minute walk underground to get to TST MTR Station. Even getting to the elevators from the hotel entrance is a hike , you need to ride escalators up 1 level then navigate through the lobby area. Next trip I 'm going back to Shangri La in Kowloon .

as other reviewers note the location of this hotel is very convenient for the MTR , Tsim Tsa Tsui , on the loop bus for the Airport Express shuttle bus to Kowloon station , and sat on a mid range shopping arcade with a supermarket .

i already left the review for this hotel- however I stayed there again and I though its fair to share my view with you. Its will benefit you if you are planning a trip to Hong Kong. I still think that location is brilliant - the hotel is close to everything , its extremly busy , vibrant and lively. However there are bulding work going on next door World Trade Centre and the noise is unbearable. Even Hotel apologised for the noise and distruption - my stay was awful. I could n't sleep , could n't watch TV the programme had distruptions - overwall I find it very difficult to be there. In the meantime I stayed in other 5 * hotels and these days its normal to offer free internet and variaty of different TV channels , however Renaissance did n't really improve at all. I was very dissapointed to be honest.You have to pay 80HKD for 1 hour of internet ! The service is great - people are very friendly and accommodating but the faciliies are not great. The room I stayed in was even smaller then before - tiny , tiny room , no space to move around. Lucily I was in HK so I was out all the time .

this hotel is in an ideal location for the MTR and the Star Ferry only a few minutes walk. The actual hotel is a bit dated with the reception area being dark and gloomy. If i were to go to Hong Kong on a special occasion i would pay the extra money and stay next door at the Intercontinental if even to have the choice of a harbour view .

i stayed here for three nights as the start of my honeymoon. It is in a great waterfront location next to the splendid Intercontinental with convenient access to the subway , numerous restaurants and the waterfront promenade. The price was good for Hong Kong and my room was clean with a comfortable bed , but the hotel itself is outdated and needs a facelift. It has that 80 's/90 's musty vibe with narrow , dark hallways and outdated tvs and furniture in the rooms. That being said , if you do n't plan on being in your room much because you will be out exploring the glory that is Hong Kong , this is a good choice because it is cheap considering where it is .

we visited for five nights , which coincided with the 60th Anniversary of the People 's Republic of China , so the best part about the hotel was the proximity to the waterfront to see the fireworks. However , this hotel is NOT on the waterfront and has no views of the Hong Kong harbor. The hotel view is completely blocked by the Intercontinental. That hotel charges US $ 35 for a hamburger in its lounge with an amazing view. Hotel is steps away from the MTR metro . Very convenient. There is also a grocery store in the adjacent mall .

we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and it was in a really great location. The hotel itself was fine but we treated ourselves and had a Club Level Deluxe and we have stayed in other hotels with Club levels and I do n't think this hotel is worth the extra expense. What you could get in the &quot ; club&quot ; was not much. The gym and pool were great and it was very clean .

as usual in our hong kong trip we stayed here for 3 nights.. and it was an amazing stay from all our two previous stays in other hotels.. thought they are really good ones such as langham place.. but the best part of this hotel is that it is just in front of the avenue of stars.. i loved the harbour very much.. so nice to have a stroll there in the evening. also theres alot of convenience stores near the hotel or just outside the hotel. theres a mall and loads of place to eat. i especially like our breakfast lol almost everyday at the starbucks.. the restaurat in the hotel is excellent.. i loved the food there. the bar is nice too if u like to spend a nice evening with your special someone and have a drink. the service was good. room was comfortable. theres wifi which my hubby always needs for his remote work... and clean bathroom. i like the staff they are helpful and efficient. the bed was nice and comfy and---did i mention that the location is the best ? ? hehehehe.. nice to walk around the area.loads of shopping centers and other hotels as well.. virtually restaurants everywhere and u dont have to take a taxi to go to places.. we tried the gym too.. it was so so.. its ok. its decently supplied. they have a table tennis room lol which my hubby and i enjoyed coz theres less people there. well virtually no other person aside from us.. all in all i loved our stay ! ! ! will definitely stay there again !

spent 4-nights at the Renaissance and the experience was more positive than negative .

just came back from a stay at this hotel,

right on the Avenue of Stars with great view of Hong Kong Island and it 's amazing skyline. The hotel is very clean , the rooms are comfortable , and when we had a small problem in one of the rooms we booked they solved it immediately. The closest metro station is about a 10 minute walk from the hotel. Wi-fi not included though .

the room in this hotel is sub standard European small room and I was upgraded. I had a Hotel in China that was 2x the size. The food for breakfast was sub par and expensive. Stay at any other hotel I was real disappointed

you can stay anywhere in kowloon but if you want easy access to MTR , SOHO , Habor City

upon arrival , I was upgraded to a deluxe room , which was spacious , clean , and comfortable. The price 801 HKD per night was affordable and definitely worth it considering the excellent location !

i chose this hotel as i was travelling with my old parents so convenience was the key criterion. the hotel is connected to a mall , and a few more steps and you 're already at the Avenue of the Stars. a few minutes of walk will take you to nathan road and canton road where you can drop dead shopping .

i stayed in this hotel for four nights. It 's at a great location in Kowloon , within a few minutes walking distance of the waterfront where you can get a nice view of Hong Kong island and the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station. Nathan road is also very close by if you want to shop. My room was really small , with VERY little space , but hey , you are in one of the most densely populated areas in the world. It was comfortable and cozy as well. The hotel staff was pretty professional I thought , very fluent in English .

i was just trying to make a reservation at the Renaissance due to everyone 's lovely opinions on TA , but apparently they 're doing renovations next year so the hotel will be closed for a while - at least between April-June 2010 .

stayed at this hotel Jan 09 for a week , attending a wedding. Excellent hotel and location. Hotel building is part of a shopping centre. Top floor of shopping centre has very good authentic chinese restaurants. There is also a supermaket , handy for water etc. Hotel itself has a few restaurants. We had breakfast most mornings , however its too slow and expensive for my taste. I would definitely recommend their lunchtime buffet. Very reasonable and great choice. I loved the fact that you could walk out to the waterfront and see the beautiful view , takes one by surprise. Also outdoor restaurants along here. Nice lounge for drinks and snack food. The staff very nice and helpful .

good hotel if not a little tired , rooms and the hotel ; need updating. Ca n't beat the location next to the avenue of the stars and Nathan road .

a family visit comprising 11 nights for 2 Adults and 1 child required a lot of research to ensure the best possible accommodation without breaking the Bank. The location finally sold me , on the harbour side of Salisbury Rd , connected to a shopping plaza and connecting underground walkways to rail , bus and ferry services with the ease of the 'Octopus Card ' to visit all the main attractions .

my husband and I booked this hotel for a holiday. It is in a mall that 's next to the avenue of stars. In 5 minutes you can walk to Nathan road. Good service at checking in and out , clean rooms not too small with a goodsized bathroom. Lots of amenities and water. The price is reasonable. Not too busy area , so there 's no outside noise. Only disappointment was the small pool. Overall lovely hotel ! I 'd recommend this to everyone .

great Place in the Heart of Hong Kong...I always stay here :

the Renaissance Kowloon offered great accomodations. While the rooms were modest in size , they were by no means tiny. Be aware that rooms with two beds do not have a night table between them. They are okay for a couple but might be a tad too close for colleagues sharing a room .

stayed at the rennaissance kowloon hotel from the 4th of june to the 11thjune .

we stayed for 3 nights prior to a cruise and it was a good choice. The room was not plush , but it certainly was very nice , comfortable and clean. The location is great as the underground walkway to the subway was in front of the hotel and a short walk along the water in the rear of the hotel brought you to the Star Ferry and that wonderful ride to Hong Kong Island. The coffee shop by the exit to the walkway was a great spot to sit and watch the harbor traffic and take it all in. A great hotel choice for a great city .

you probably wo n't find better value for a similar location. It 's a convenient launching pad for everywhere else in HK. The rooms are small , but clean. The staff is cordial. You ca n't go wrong by staying here .

i stayed here in June 2009 for two nights in a Superior Room without breakfast. This hotel is well located and close to many things. It 's also inside a mall with a nice little supermarket and a few good restaurants. It 's about 10 minutes walk away from the Ferry to Central , and right next to one of the subway stops , which is really convenient .

as a first time visitor to Hong Kong , we found this hotel to be in a great location for us. ¬ † Although we had a city view rather than a harbour view , the hotel is located on the harbour overlooking Hong Kong Island , with Hollywood Walk along the boardwalk accessible from the back of the hotel. ¬ † The Star Ferry terminal was a short , pleasant walk along the boardwalk and there is a train station located in the subway , the entrance of which was about 100 metres from the front of the hotel .

rooms spacious and very clean. Beds great and curtains at night made the room so dark for peaceful sleeping. Staff very friendly and this hotel is in a very handy area. We mostly walked everywhere but the trains were just across the subway. Buses also at the door. Great stay but when checking out I could not get my Credit Card print that they had taken at the time of check in. We were fully paid up months before we went and had used nothing in the room so therefore there should have been nothing to charge us. The clerk said we charged $ 500HK a night as a deposit. We were there for 8 nights so therefore they held $ 4000HK deposit on my credit card advising me that it was only a 'block ' on the account and they would send the receipt to my bank - ASK FIRST ! ! ! ! ! !

had an early flight from London Heathrow , arrived in Hong Kong at 8.30am. Went straight to the hotel in the hope that they would check us in early and they did. Wonderful person on the desk called Kevin helped us. Room was a good size and was clean and tidy , bathroom was lovely , all grey slate and included loads of toiletries for us to use. Was cleaned everyday by the maids and gave us a free newspaper every morning. Our room overlooked one of the hotel pools. The hotel itself is very grand , really really nice. When we checked out they let us keep our bags there until our later flight. Concierge could n't be more willing to help. Perfect location , the hotel exits right onto avenue of the stars. Also great place to watch the symphony of lights at 8pm every night. Great stay , will definitely be returning here again .

very friendly and swift check-in upon arrival. Requested king size bed and extra towels couple days before arrival and got a reply from their guest relations officer that request would be granted. At check-in I received the upgrade gold marriott rewards upgrade . The room itself was fine , on the 15th floor , spacious , and above average compared to a lot of the places i have stayed in mainland China. Very much enjoyed their complimentary breakfasts in the club lounge on the 18th floor. Continental breakfast choices were vast , with scrambled eggs , sausages , hashbrowns , waffles , fruits , breads , baked rolls , yogurts , etc , etc. Service in the lounge was also very friendly .

stayed for 3 nights on a work trip .

stayed twice in one week. Second experience much better with front staff a lot more attentive. The breakfast is average and as are the rooms. The location makes up for the quality which is likely why they are taking their time to renovate the rooms. If you are on a budget $ 250USD/night , this is the place . For the size of the hotel , the gym is awefully small and shared with an apartment building .

the Renaissance Kowloon is a decent bet for budget minded travelers who do n't mind an older hotel in need of a refurbishment. That said , do n't expect the usual Renaissance niceties here - if you get a cheap rate , this hotel is worth what you pay. Nothing more .

stayed here over chinese new year , I stayed in 3 hotels in HK over this period and this was the only hotel to enforce a strict no smoking policy .

we have stayed at the Kowloon Hotel , Ashley Apartments &amp ; The Salisbury YMCA prior to the Renaissance Kowloon. For about the same price , this was by far the best hotel in terms of room size , quality , service &amp ; location despite it being an older property that could do with some cosmetic updating. The room was large by HK standards. Clean , comfortable , great bed &amp ; sheets. Towels were fluffy. Complimentary plate of fruits. Nothing amiss in the rooms .

over the years , I 've been to Hong Kong close to 20 times. For the last 10-12 times , I 've always stayed at the same hotel - primarily due to location and price. They knew me , had my likes and dislikes listed on computer and I never had a problem .

i made an on-line booking under Zuji site for hotel Renaissance. Before I confirm the booking for 3 person , I had also made a check is there any differences in price for 2 and 3 person staying. The price quoted for 2 &amp ; 3 was difference .

i stayed in this hotel last january 2009 and couldnt have been happier .

i have stayed here on 3 occasions. Last time I actually read my bill. They ask you if you would like to pay in HK or US dollars. If you say US dollars or whatever is your native currency is they convert it at their rate and it isnt pretty. Your CC company already does this at a far more favorable rate. In some instances your issuing CC will tack on a foreign transaction fee regardless of what currency its in. Always pay in HK dollars. Service charges SC or tip are common and are well hidden on dining bills so do n't double tip .

booked this hotel on Marriott.com for $ 125 including tax , which is a steal at the location. It has a grand foyer and great service and all the amenities of a Marriott property. The rooms are large for HK standards , though the best thing about Renaissance Kowloon is the location. location location. It is situated right next to the Avenue of the Stars at the tip of TST and close to plenty of shops and a 5 minute walk to the closed MTR station. Given that hotels adjacent to it would be going for twice its cost , I expect to return to Renaissance Kowloon in the future !

we arrived to this hotel in the hotel ‚ Ä ô s van and upon arrival ; the hotel ‚ Ä ô s porter came out to assist with our baggage. The doorman the told us to go to the 2nd floor for check-in .

large clean room and excellent service , almost overwhelming where there seem to be more staff than guests at times .

we chose the property due to it 's location , Tsim Sha Tsui and walking distance to the Star ferry and the Nathan Road area. We were advised of no harbour views , our room over looked the swimming pool and gardens. We had a Standard Large Room on the 10th floor. The room was very spacious with table and chair a very large bathroom with shower and bath and a second shower over bath. Our stay was one week from Christman Eve to New Years Eve. Christmas decorations took pride of place with children entertaining in the lobby .

this was an excellent experience. The hotel has fantastic service , the rooms are spacious and luxurious but the best thing about this hotel is the location. It is in the heart of the trendy Tsim Sha Tsui part of Kowloon. The MTR station and Star Ferry terminals are just 5 minutes from the hotel and adjoining the hotel is a large shopping mall called New World Centre. The hotel backs into the Avenue of Stars and there is a subway system that connects it to the underground , other hotels and the Golden Mile on Nathan Road. The staff were pleasant and very helpful and the hotel facilities were great .

my family of 8 5 adults + 3 kids stayed here in 3 executive club rooms. Before the stay , I was n't expecting much of a view but I was pleasantly surprised that rooms 1903 - 1905 not sure about the rest has very good view of the harbour because these rooms looked over the Intercontinental albeit ca n't see the Star Ferry terminal across the Hong Kong island .

it is my first time in this particular Renaissance I usually stay at

once again the Marriott chain excels. The Renaissance is a superb hotel and we were allocated a huge room by Hong kong standards on the 15th floor , it must have been at least 800-900 square feet , which was exceptionally good value considering we booked their cheapest rate at around 1,000 HKD per night .

this is a great value for your money hotel ! The facilities are new and clean. Bed is crispy clean. Bathroom well maintained. Staff very courteous. It 's walking distance from Avenue of Stars and from the train station. The only negative is the small room and absence of eating choices outside the hotel .

very nice hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui , a stone 's throw from the famous Avenue of The Stars. I was traveling with a friend , we had a large room on the 7th floor , overlooking the street. The beds were spacious and very comfortable , the bathroom was clean even if the bathub was a little too low and not so well lightened , though not very big. Breakfast and dinner buffet with a wide variety of foods wether Western style pasta , pizza , barbecue , English breakfast ... and Eastern style dim sum , fried rice , sushi ... . Staff delicious , always smiling and available , very warm reception. Near to the metro exit J2 if I 'm not wrong of Tsim Sha Tsui East , linked to Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station and virtually with the whole HK. I would return with pleasure .

i spent 2 nights at the Renaissance with my 2 year old daughter. After hearing how small all rooms in HK are , I was pleasantly surprised to see the size of our room. It had a large bathroom with a separate shower and tub. There was a bowl of fruit and complimentary bottles of water in the room which was nice after a long flight from SFO. The bed was heavenly : Lots of pillows , very clean , soft white sheets. The shower had great water pressure ! The service in the hotel was excellent. The hotel is attached to a mall that has restaurants and a grocery store. Also , you can just walk right out the doors of the hotel/mall and walk along the waterfront and it is just a short walk to the ferry. It is a great location to view the evening lightshow. The rooms in the hotel do not have harbor views though. Only road or pool views. I ordered room service a couple of times and I do n't recommend it unless you are desperate. I ordered a burger and also a stuffed chicken breast and they both had a very similar taste of some nasty oil. I highly recommend using the hotel limo for airport transportation. It was about $ 60 US but it was so easy when I landed at the airport , I just went to the hotel counter and they whisked my luggage to a car , gave us bottles of water , and we had a comfortable ride in a nice Mercedes. Then on the way back to the airport , I used it as well and I absentmindedly left my brand new camera in the car. The driver took it back to the hotel and they emailed me right away to let me know they found it. They sent it on to my hotel in Malaysia. I was so relieved ! All in all , I would stay in this hotel again and I recommend it for a comfortable place to stay in a good location and for what I feel is a good value .

renaissance Kowloon Hotel is one of the best places I have stayed at. Not too luxurious but the service is wonderful. The food they serve at the Club Lounge is delicious and the people working here are very pleasant to deal with. Rooms are not too big , as expected in any hotel in Hong Kong but they are well maintained and very clean all the time. I particularly loved their turn down service. They would even place a piece of mint chocolate on the pillow each night. Location-wise , it 's a bit off the center but it 's only about a 5-minute walk to TST station. Overall , I would give this hotel an excellent mark !

i just spent this past Saturday night 10/18 at the Renaissance Kowloon. As so many other reviewers stated , the service was excellent and the location was great. You 're a short walk to two MTR stations , which can connect you to the rest of the city with relative ease .

i just came back from a 2 day stay at the Marriott Renaissance Kowloon and would recommend it. It was located right on the waterfront next to the Intercontinental which is twice the price. I walked to the Ferry , Avenue of the Stars Knudson Terrace , Temple St Market etc etc .

my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Renaissance. All staff were very friendly and went out of their way to ensure that our stay was comfortable and enjoyable .

we travelled in a group of 6 family with two young kids and two seniors and stayed in two inter-connecting family rooms on level 16 in their Club level area .

stayed for several nights on a stop over in Hong Kong. Was very impressed with hotel. Was was very comfortable , big enough and bed very comfortable. Bathroom was nice. Pool area was welcome from the heat and nice addition. Breakfast was excellent and hotel bar , although pricey was relaxing. Hotel has excellent loction on the avenue of stars and is attached to shopping mall. Nearby to local MRT and several attractions. Would defintely return to hotel on next visit and would definately recommend it

this is an excellent hotel in a great location. I satyed there with my husband and two kids for a week during August. We took a club level room # 1604 which was new and spacious. I highly recommend booking a room in the club level as this includes the breakfast and afternoon and evening snacks...It also includes using the internet .

i stayed 5 nights at the end of July , begining of August and found the hotel satisfactory in almost every way .

i loved my stay at the Renaissance Kowloon Hotel. The rooms were a bit small but the hotel itself is beautiful. I did n't spend much time in my room anyway. I thought the location was fantastic- just steps away from one of the most beautiful harbors in the world. I thought it was very close to the Star Ferry and the MTR. I would highly recommend staying here if you are visiting the beautiful city of HK .

on the way back from our 3 week Asian trip , we had a one night stopover in Hong Kong. We decided to stay at the Renaissance Kowloon as we have usually found Marriott hotels to be very good value for the dollar. The hotel was very nice with very helpful staff. The reception staff were very efficient in checking us in. The porter was also very prompt in getting our luggage to our room. The staff at the Executive Lounge were attentive to our needs without hovering over us. As it is located next to the Kowloon Promenade , it was easy to go enjoy breath-taking views of Hong Kong Island 's skyline. However , the location is not the best if you intend to use the MTR extensively for your travel within Hong Kong. Although there is a MTR station closeby , it is one for the system previously known as the Kowloon Canton Railway or KCR which serves the New Territories primarily. If you wish to ride the MTR lines to Hong Kong Island or Mong Kok , and points north , you have to walk approximately 10 to 12 minutes to get to the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station. You could take the former KCR train at East TST to Kowloon Tong MTR station and then transfer to the MTR line you need to get to where you want to go but I found that to be a hassle. Even the Star Ferry is about a 10 minute walk away. In the heat and humidity , a 10 minute walk can seem much longer. Again , great service , friendly staff , but the location is not ideal if you plan to rely on the MTR station at TST and not the former KCR station , East TST , that is nearby .

hotel was in a great location , taxi from airport approx ¬ £ 20. four people . Hotel transport pre-bookable approx ¬ £ 8 each . The hotel was in ideal location for the shops on Nathan Road , Harbour City shopping mall , star ferry terminal , MTR underground over to mainland HK , and to watch the harbour lights show , also the museums are nearby. The staff were really friendly , we upgraded to club lounge and stayed on 17th floor and were able to use facilities of lounge on 18th floor , all inclusive breakfast , afternoon tea , drinks between 5 and 9pm and then desserts up to midnight , for approx ¬ £ 30 each night per room. Unfortunately we were caught in the typhoon whilst we were there so were not able to use the swimming pool , but the gym was really good and used each day by my husband and son. The only down side was the lack of understanding on check out regarding the use of the mini bar and we were overcharged for some beers. Overall we would definitely use this hotel again as it was great value for money in a brilliant location .

very nice hotel in a great location right next to the avenue of stars .

my husband &amp ; I stayed at The Renaissance Hotel on the first leg of a tour on 10/11 June .

stayed here after a bad experience across the harbour at another Renaissance. This hotel was less expensive on the Club level thanthe other hotel. The room was very nice and the service excellent. The location was convenient to the ferry , MTR subway , and to a lot of shopping. The only drawback was the view to the harbour -- it was partially obstructed by an apartment building .

i just returned from a 14 day trip to Hong Kong , Singapore and Thailand. My travel agent booked me for 4 days at the Renaissance Kowloon from May 28 - June 2. It was an excellent stay .

of the three Marriott properties I recently stayed at in Hong Kong , I would recommend the Renaissance Kowloon as the best for tourists and business travelers on a modest budget. It 's a very nicely appointed hotel located at the Kowloon waterfront and adjacent to the New World Center for shopping. Moreover , if you 're like me , you 'll appreciate the open feel of the area versus the skyscraper canyons of Hong Kong. You can enjoy the nightly laser/music show among the Hong Kong skyline at 8 PM from the Avenue of Stars along Victoria Harbor. Couple that with the street markets and shops to explore in Kowloon , and you have some great photo opportunites at your doorstep .

we have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Renaissance Hotel , Kowloon and thought i would share my thoughts with other travellers .

i spent 3 nights at the Renaissance Kowloon on business in April. It was my first trip to Asia and I had arrived in Hong Kong from Manila. After experiencing the huge rooms at the Peninsula Manila , I was a bit surprised at how small the rooms were at the Renaissance , but understand valuable real estate is in Hong Kong. The room was clean and functional , though the one area the lack of space was quite noticeable was the bathroom. I found the shower stall to be tight quarters. But overall design/decor was updated and attractive. We dined at the breakfast buffet which was decent. The lounge is convenient , but nothing special. The best thing , in my opinion , about this hotel is its location as it is part of the New World Centre .

wow ! Talk about hospitality. They really know how to treat customers. The restaurants are also rather amazing , although unlike hotel restaurants here they tend to attract the locals as well , who can be very boisterous. If the locals like it , it must be something .

great location. Connected to shopping centre with grocery store and the subway station and bus stops are right in front of the hotel. Minutes from all the shopping malls , planetarium , ferry station .

excellent PROPERTY !

the location is convenient , just next to a subway stop although finding the stop was a bit confusing. We stayed on the club level which included breakfast , happy hour and late night desserts. Staff was extremely helpful. Not sure if the club level was worth the extra money. We were upgraded to a junior suite. Room was really big with great bathroom .

in february thanks to a business trip , I had to spend 3 nights in this hotel. Reading the reviews , I was convu = inced that the hotel is okay. The first surprise was the 16 degrees in the room and the heating , which was not working. My colleagues had the same experience : terribly cold , room without heating. Secondly , the hotel needs very much to be renovated. The walls were dirty and dusty , the rooms are very small and dark mine 's windows faced the small swimming pool in the &quot ; garden&quot ; . The breakfast was really pathetic. Overall , very poor for this price , I would not recommend .

normally , we wife and I stay at the Intercontinental. This time , we were not able to , so we decided to stay at the Marriott in the New World Center. The reasons were two : I had seen the lobby on a previous trip and it looked decent , and the Marriott is close enough to the Intercontinental that we could still use the restaurants and other facilities .

i am just back from Hongkong..spent 4 days and had stayed at Renaissance Kowloon .

we selected this hotel as it is very central , and time in HK was short

centrally located in the Harbor , this hotel will give you a fantastic view , for the good price , in Hong Kong terms. Kowloos is an island that faces Hong Kong island .

my sister and I stayed at the Renaissance Kowloon Hotel for a week and would not hesitate to recommend or stay there again .

we enjoyed seven nights at this very clean,excellently located hotel. The hotel staff always presented with a friendly and obliging manner. Our room was on the club level which I throughtly recommend is worth the little extra cost especially to those who enjoy a good couple of Aussie wines after a busy day. The club room also provided an adequate and well presented breakfast , and a very nice afternoon tea and supper. Along with the evening drinks served between 6 - 8.30 pm came some quite delicious finger food .

we stayed 4 nights here in February. The location is good. Right on the walk of stars , walking distance to the subway and the Star Ferry .

stayed at the Renaissance Kowloon for the Chinese New Year. We were fortunate to have access to the club lounge facilities and these are excellent. Good location for this year 's NY parade as it went right past the front door of the hotel on Salisbury Road. We also watched the New Year fireworks display from the club lounge due to the huge crowds outside. My only real gripe with the hotel is that the beds are absoluetely rock hard not necessarily a problem for some people I suppose . Other than that , a good base if you choose to stay in Kowloon. This was our first visit to HK , and a Kowloon base was perfect for us shopping and Markets , but if we go back , we will probably stay on HK island for a change of scene. A few tips :

my husband and I stayed 8 nights and were pleased with most everything. The room was not huge , but big enough with 2 large single beds comfortable , lots of pillows , overlooking the patio area and pool. Clean , many amenities with a modern bathroom and the best showerhead in town , including lots of hot water any time of day or night .

hotel was booked on-line through a travel agent. When I checked in , I was asked to produce a voucher which I did not have. I was told that breakfast would not be included but I would receive a discounted rate. When I checked out , breakfast was included and I received the discounted rate .

i stay here twice a year during market trips to China. Great hotel- especially if you stay on the Club Floors. These are on the top , and rooms are nice size , modern and quiet. No great views since the Intercontinental blocks this hotel from the bay , but if you are in the Club Lounge you can watch the lights in Central very easily. Club Lounge has amazing breakfast each day , and evening cocktails and appetiziers. Many nights I have made this my dinner even. Staff is very attentive and helpful. It becomes your home away from home , which is nice when spending 2 weeks overseas at a time. Nice gym on top floor- can be crowded since there are only a few cardio machines , but full circuit of weights as well. Business center has internet service , and there is hook up for internet in each room. Have not eaten at any of the restaurants , but location is good - you can get to Star Ferry easily for Central ; also near Nathan Road and other places to eat in Kowloon. Connects through New World Centre to Intercontinental Hotel , which is great for a nice lunch or drinks .

location is great , almost right on the Avenue of Stars promenade. Rooms have views over the ‚ Ä ú highway ‚ Ä ù ‚ Ä ì not the most appealing. The room was cold with no heating available , so temperature seldom rose to more than 17-18C ‚ Ä ì even in late January when out door temperatures went as low as 8C during the night , this is not OK .

my partner and I stayed at this hotel from 23-25 November 2007 .

stayed at the Renaissance Hotel part of the Marriott Hotels in Kowloon on Salisbury Road. It is very close to everything. Stayed on the Club Level and it was excellent. Very clean and very friendly staff .

had two nights in this hotel recently. The best thing about it is its location .

i like this hotel. I always get good service and as a Marriott Gold member , get special perks. I have stayed here 10 time for over 50 room nites. The location is good in one respect but wish I could stay on the HK Island side , since it is much more exciting and less touristy .

follow the advice of the other reports listed here .

i recomend deeply this Hotel , with fantastic location .

my wife and me recently stayed at the Renaissance Kowloon hotel , had a special rate by our company. Although we wished a non-smoking room , only smoking room with king size bed was available. After one day we changed the room that was very small from 4th floor to another one at 11th still smoking room because there was too much noise by neighbours so we could not sleep well .

top location , ca n't be better... Rooms &amp ; bathrooms are too old , need major face lift. Problems with bed bugs. Staff not very friendly .

we recently stayed 5 nights at the Rennaissance Kowloon Hotel and we thought we had the wrong hotel as we did n't remember booking a FIVE star.....but that 's how it felt to us .

my wife and I recently stayed at the hotel for 5 nights. The location is fantastic being right on the harbour with immediate access to the Avenue of the Stars. it is next door to the Intercontinental and across the road from Nathan Road and the Peninsular. The rooms were a good size as was the bathroom. The staff were helpful. The location is the best thing about the hotel. It is located on the harbour and is part of a shopping mall , including a supermarket with direct inside walking acces thru to the Intercontinental which has a fabulous lobby bar with harbour views . For the price this was a good value hotel and I would definitiely recommend it. It is not a 5 star hotel but for the amount of time spent in your room it is great .

i stayed here using the points saver award from Marriott. The hotel location is superb being next to the Star Ferry , subway , and the high-end shops along Nathan Rd. Unfortunately , the location is the highlight of the hotel. Even though I requested a high floor room , I only received one on the 7th level out of 19 . As a Platinum member , I expected a room on an Executive floor with a decent view. To be fair , I did get a large secluded room with a nice bathroom but I expect more having Platinum status. There were a couple hairs on the bath floor but that was quickly cleaned upon request. Fortunately there was a separate shower that was clean. The TV had CNBC , CNN , and several other English channels as well as German , Italian , and Spanish channels. The biggest fault I found was the rude Executive Lounge staff. While wine and other drinks were offered to other guests , my friend and I were offered nothing. I even got a lecture for requesting a bottle of water. While I did appear younger and more casually dressed compared to the mostly business clientele , that did not mean the staff could discriminate in service. While my overall stay was satisfactory , I would not stay here again if I had to pay money .

this is a good value hotel in a very good location. Service is good and the rooms is surpringly large. Bathroom is quite good as well as we have a separate shower and bath .

this hotel is next door to the Intercontinental and across the street from the Peninsula. Both are top hotels in Kowloon and the Renaissance is in the middle of them. The location is ideal near the Star Ferry , the subway station , Harbor City Center , and Nathan Road. The hotel itself was modern with several English speaking channels and a nice Concierge level. My only complaint is they charged me everytime I used the AT&amp ; T access number to use my calling card. They also used the wrong exchange rate to convert GBP to HKD. Other than that I had a wonderful stay for only $ 128 US Dollars a night. I would recommend this hotel .

stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. Everyone we 've encountered in Hong Kong were polite and provided excellent service and also spoke excellent english .

our family Mum , Dad , 9 year old daughter stayed at the Renaissance for eight nights from the 5 July 2007 and in all honesty we could not have been happier with the hotel .

we recently returned form a short stay at the Renaissance Kowloon and are very happy with it from many aspects. First of all , being a Platinum Elite card holder , we were upgraded to the Club level suite room and this was done before we arrived ‚ Ä ì unlike other places where they tell you its only subject to check in ! .Check in was quick and we were personally escorted to our rooms. The club floor rooms have a private elevator which is really very useful. Our rooms were bright and very well decorated and equipped. It had one of the best beds and quilts which gave me an excellent and restful sleep - something which I was in great need of ! The lounge can be accessed by elevators and also by the staircase from the club floors. Breakfast is served and afternoon tea as well as evening snacks and nightly desserts. I would have preferred if the breakfast had some Asian items as it was purely a Western breakfast experience. Although the hotel does not face the harbor , the lounge gives a view of the buildings on the other side. The plus point of the hotel is that it is connected to a mall which has restaurants and a MacDonald as well and also there is very good supermarket. Best part is that you can literally walk out of the mall into the avenue of the stars and sit for hours looking at the breathtaking scenery- specially in the evening watching the sunset and then the nightly laser show from 8-8.15pm- something definitely not to be missed. Just outside the hotel is a subway to go to Nathan Road with its myriad of shops etc. The hotel has a shuttle to the airport directly from the door. The staff are one of the best in every aspect. I had to leave earlier than planned and they were most accommodating to adjust my stay accordingly. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Kowloon and I would use it as my first choice were I to visit Kowloon again .

stayed 4 nights in May 2007 , met by limo at airport. On arrival at hotel whisked up to 18th floor club level for check in and settled into corner suite before we could blink. Room was sensational as was the service for the next few days especially free breakfast , lunch , dinner and grog. Pool was clean and wonderful 27 degrees. Lunch buffet at harbourside restaurant was superb and great value at HK $ 130 - a must do ! ! Supermarket at basement floor sells everything including liquor and connected to food hall and underpass to Nathan Rd and beyond. Must be the best hotel for the price in Kowloon -service , convenience + , location , safety and luxury. Mad to stay elsewhere .

we just came back from a 4 night stay at the Renaissance Kowloon. The reason we choose this hotel was because we could use our Marriott Rewards points towards 2 of the nights. We had read the previous traveller reviews and we decided to upgrade to the Executive Floor in order to get a better room as we were 2 adults and 1 child .

stayed here in May 2001. Nice hotel , nice location overlooking the bay. We paid for club rooms which meant we had afternoon tea etc in a nice lounge on our own floor. Room was fine if a bit small .

we stayed at the Renaissance Kowloon for two days in May and loved it. We had booked a club class room and on check in , for a very modest extra fee , we upgraded to a suite. I would highly recommend anyone coming to HK to pay for a club floor room. It allows you the convenience to eat and drink at any time of the day in the club lounge which was great for us. We found that there was so much to see and do in HK that we realy did n't have the time to spend sitting in restaurants , also , drinks can be quite expensive in HK and club allows you free drinks between 5.30pm - 9.00pm .

i can only say , what a nasty hotel. We arrived late on a flight from Thailand , arriving at the hotel just past midnight .

my wife and I booked this hotel for two separate stays during our honeymoon. The first stay was for 4 nights , and another for 1 night. We found there were a few things that bothered us , but nothing that would prevent us from staying here again .

we had a great stay at this hotel. We arrived at 7am from an early morning flight from Melbourne and I thought we would only be able to leave our bags there and come back. But they checked us in and offered us an upgrade to the club rooms for an extra ¬ £ 20 per night which we took. This got us a great room , buffet breakfast , and access to the lounge 24 hours which had food , few drinks yes alcohlic drinks as well , free internet etc etc. The room was lovely , bathroom nice and big. Can not fault .

we stayed here 4 nights consecutively then one final night after a side trip to Beijing in November 2006 .

my wife and I stayed here over Chinese New Year 's , 2007. For the price it was a great value. Service was exceptional. Asked for extra towels and they were there in minutes. Asked for more ice and it was delivered in minutes. A light bulb burned out and it was replaced with in mionutes with one call to the desk Do n't

i stayed in the hotel for eight nights during 2007 Chinese New Year. Everything is good within the hotel except the colour of your skin might decide the level of service you received. The room is big and clean the carpet is a bit old . The house keeping service is excellent. The bar is lovely with good singer every nights. The only disappointment when I am showing my Australian Passport on the check in they treated me very nice and carried my luggages for me. On the check out without passport , the bell boy and the managers were stood behind the desk and do not offer me any help. All my European looking friend come behind me got all the services. I can not believe that is the service of the hotel. Next time when anyone staying there please make sure you are European. It is embarrassing in front of all my friends. I will discuss with my management team and move the business somewhere else .

stayed at this hotel as a 3 night stop over on the way back from Aus. The bedoom was so small , low ceiling , very poor. Outlook from the window - terrible. No bath. Small shower. No room for suitcases. The only good thing about this hotel was the staff - they were very friendly. Otherwise avoid this hotel .

we chose this hotel as part of a Chinese New Year 's package booked with Northwest Airlines. The location in Tsim Sha Tsui was excellent--a couple blocks from the Star ferry , and the Metro is right outside the door. The room was smallish as expected , but not so small as to be an issue. The king bed was firm , but not rock hard. The level of cleanliness was excellent and the bathroom is all marble. We were on the 5th floor and it was very quiet .

i completed a 4 night stay here a little over a week ago and was not only pleasantly surprised but think this hotel is very underrated. I had originally booked the standard room but decided to get the deluxe room after previous experiences with the smaller sized hotel rooms in HK especially compared to North American standards . I was extremely happy about 1 the cleanliess , 2 the relative quietness of the rooms , and 3 the friendly staff. I actually enjoyed my stay here more than at the Sheraton down the street and would even put it on level pegging with the Langham Place Hotel which I also stayed at on this trip. The only down note if one was clutching at straws would be the temperamental television and remote control. But all in all , it was an excellent overall experience .

we stopped at this hotel for 3 nights and used our marriott points for the room , but paid upgrade to club level which offers complimentary soft drinks , tea and coffee throughout the day as well as breakfast and 2 hours of complimentary drinks and canapes of an evening so well worth doing approx 40 GBP per night

this hotel is located in East Tsim Sha Tsui in Kowloon side of Hong Kong Island inside New World Shopping Center. The rooms were clean and well-maintained. 2 bottles of water are provided each day , since the faucet water is not drinkable. Temperature control was excellent. The front desk and concierge staff were courteous and helpful. You can access shopping , restaurants , subway and ferry from well-lit extensive tunnels right outside hotel. Airport express shuttle and local bus to Stanley Market stop in front of hotel. Local calls from room telephone cost HK $ 5 per call. Travelers checks are cashed at lower exchange rate than American Express Office. It is safe to walk around this area at night .

hi,stayed at the renaissance hotel kowloon from25/12 to 31/12/2006.great location and hotel excellent.would not mind staying here if ever i return to hong kong .

i 'm not sure if all hotels are like this in hong kong , but the room we had , which was classified as &quot ; superior&quot ; was TINY. we could barely lay down our two suit cases ! the floor was covered in our stuff , not because we had a lot , but because there was no room. the bed was only a queen too , not a king like i had requested. also , they said that no rooms have the hong kong view , so that is not optimal either. however the bathroom is nice and large !

stayed in a deluxe twin room in May 05 and stayed for 4 nights. This is a brand under the MArriott company so you would expect a certain level of comfort and standard. This is a 5-star hotel with the necessary facilities , pool , amenities , restaurants etc but the only thing that was important to me was the room rate that I paid as I booked an Associate rate as I was working for the Marriott then .

booked this hotel with Asiarooms , and arrived via the Airport Express then free shuttle bus , of which this hotel is the first stop at about 9am in the morning. They allowed an early check in , I just needed to wait an hour for the room to be prepared .

i had a similarly horrendous customer service experience

we stayed for two nights at the New World Renaissance in Kowloon on our way to Sanya for our honeymoon in late August - and could n't have been happier with it .

could never understand why this hotel does n't get higher grades. First of all , if you like to exercise while you 're traveling -- a key thing for me -- the gym is n't bad , and you 've got the Kowloon harbourfront promende right outside the back of the hotel. There really is n't much of a view of the harbor from here , because the Intercon sits between it and the water , but that 's why the price is more reasonable. The service is good , it 's efficient and clean , and it 's a 10 minute walk to the Star Ferry. I 've stayed here 5-6 times and never had any problems .

stayed in the RNW in August , using Marriott Reward points , and was not disappointed. Got upgraded to a King Size Room which , although not huge , was very well appointed , spotlessly clean and very well maintained throughout our weekend break. Toiletries , bed linen etc all very good and nice little touches like chocolates and fruit in the room .

i always try and stay at the New World Renaissance when in HK just down to areas such as service and courtesy

we just returned from a two week tour of China , ending with three days in Hong Kong. Our stay at the New World Renaissance was great. It is a first class hotel. I did n't realize that our room was small ; perhaps it was. But it was very well appointed. We ate breakfast in the fourth floor restaurant with coupons provided as part of our tour. The buffet breakfast was outstanding ; the best of any hotel on our tour. The location is also excellent , with easy access to the ferry to HK island , the art museum , and the subway system. Incidentally , the subway system is very easy to use .

my husband and I stayed here on two occasions in the summer 05 with our young daughter , and were very pleased with our stay. The rooms are nothing special , rather small with low ceilings , but they are clean and nice .

stayed here for 5 nights in May 06 and really enjoyed our stay .

just spent 1 night on the Club floor and I had NOTHING to complain about. The Club rooms are bigger 40 sq m and , according to a Google search , were fully refurbished last year. They look brand new to me. The club lounge serves a free breakfast , free drinks and snacks in the evening and free desserts in the late evening. There is even a dedicated club elevator. If you are on the top couple of floors and facing the right way you will also get a harbour view .

found everything about this hotel absolutely outstanding. I was staying at another hotel prior to my stay in the New World Renaissance when I realised I had booked an extra night at The New World Renaissance and would be checking out a day earlier than expected. I took my details to the hotel and explained same. I did n't have my travel agents details with me beside e-mail address. However , they looked up everything and sorted it all out for me promptly and very pleasantly. They kept extra baggage for me free of charge prior to my move-in while I was gone to Shanghai for 4 days. When I did check in the service was excellent. Even the little touches like sweets on the counter while you are checking in/out. My room was lovely , clean and comfortable - a little small like most in Hong Kong but more than adequate for what I needed. Not only was it cleaned to a high standard , but a manager comes round to check that it is cleaned to that standard. They even offered to remake up my room for me after me using it for a quick nap during the day. I found the restaurant staff very proficient and friendly. They gave us lovely warm scarves to wrap round us when we found the air conditioning a little cool and we only had to ask for a second round of tea once. After that , they were on the ball for refilling our teapot. Absolutely incredible. Even when I had a meal in the restaurant alone , they provided me with a newspaper for my leisure. I just found everything in this hotel to be so spot on and was certainly worth the money I paid for it .

this was our first visit to Hong Kong which has lots of really nice but overpriced hotels. We were very pleased with this hotel especially since we had found such a good room rate. Yes the bed was hard , but this is quite typical for Hong Kong. Yes the room was a bit on the small size , also typical for Hong Kong , but just fine for the 2 of us. Let 's remember that you are not here to spend time in your room. It was wonderful being by the harbour , walking along the Avenue of the Stars each day and having breakfast outside there each morning. If you are looking for a really great hotel on the harbour that 's just far enough away from the noise of the main streets , this is your place. You wo n't be disappointed .

after reading good reviews about this hotel , I thought I have booked a really good hotel but on check in night....was not impressed. Firstly , I have requested a cot for my little baby and have confirmed via phone before I departed that a cot was available .

the location is fabulous , next to the Ferry and the Victoria Harbour. Breakfast is pretty good although not up to par to other hotels in the same price category .

stayed in this hotel from 22Feb-26Feb 2006 and it was great ! I read several hotel reviews from Tripadvisor prior to booking my hotel for my stay and New World Renaissance topped my list. The only negative comment that worried me was that the bed was described as hard. Fortunately , that was n't true or maybe I am just used to sleeping on a firm bed. : This hotel is fabulous ! Check-in was a breeze and the staff were efficient and helpful. The room was immaculate. I loved the little touches they do like getting your bed ready at night , leaving chocolate mints I love Andes ! , and a very helpful weather forecast for the next day. The location of the hotel is superb ! Avenue of the stars is the just at the back of the hotel , Nathan road , ferry terminal , museums are just minutes away by foot... The location is absolutely perfect-- just a few minutes away from essential Kowloon shopping yet far enough from the hustle and bustle of Nathan rd to enjoy a good night 's rest ! I would n't think of staying in any other hotel next time I 'm in HK !

stayed for 4 nights. The morning after we checked in , I got a phone call at 7 : 00am from reception asking why we were checking out when we were booked and pre paid for 4 nights. The staff had let some person unknown check out under my room number and then gave them the imprint of my credit card. No identification was asked for even though they took copies of our passports when we checked in ! ! I was required to cancel my credit card which totally ruined any chances I had to shop or even eat in some cases. Luckily I had friends with me who were able to feed me. The hotels reaction to my situation was non-chalant. They did not seem to care and gave me 3 free drink vouchers for my inconvenience. I was prepared to overlook the situation and try to enjoy my time in Hong Kong where I was touched up as well as my friends . It came to a head when the hotel insisted that one of my travelling companions supply the reception with a credit card imprint to cover costs during our stay. When my friend refused because she did not trust the hotel 's security arrangements in regard to credit cards due to my situation , they promptly blocked our telephone and emptied the mini bar. Now , I am normally a very laid back person , but they 're actions questioned my integrity and it was their fault in the first place. I spoke to various Managers to try and fix the problem but still had problems. Long story short , totally unsatisfied , hotel room was small and smelly , restaurants and bar overpriced and badly staffed,food not that good either. My holiday to Hong Kong was ruined and I will never go again ! ! ! Do not stay at this hotel but if you must , do not give them your credit card .

we stayed here for the weekend , and were extremely impressed. The hotel is impressive with excellent service , and the rooms are big , clean and very comfortable. The beds are also extremely comfortable. The hotel is conveniently connected to a very nice mall , and the metro is 10 ft. from the entrance and extremely convenient. I would highly recommend it !

superb location for the water front and Star Ferry. The harbour light sound and laser show every evening at 2000 can be seen within 5 mins walk from the Hotel .

en route London to Sydney we stayed at the New World Renaissance Kowloon on the way out and the Langham Place on the way back. Langham Place has the best bed we have ever slept in , the best shower and a REAL in-room coffee machine. Luxury ! It 's directly above a shopping mall and Mong Kok metro. Staff are efficient and helpful in both hotels. At the Renaissance we were able to check in early , arriving tired from the airport. The New World Renaissance probably wins out on location. It is a short walk from the Tsim Sha metro AND the Star Ferry to HK , and is placed in the New World shopping mall , with a supermarket where you can buy orange juice etc. Best of all , you can walk out onto the Avenue of the Stars and have breakfast at the mall 's ground floor coffee shop , outside if you like , with wonderful harbour views. For either hotel , book early for best rates .

stayed Nov 30-Dec 7 , 2005. When I travel I want comfort,safety and a good location to transportation. This hotel provided that .

we stayed at this hotel for a 2-night stopover en-route from Sydney to London. It proved to be a great choice. We were upgraded on arrival to a large room on the 8th floor , complete with armchair and walk-in wardrobe. The room was extremely comfortable with effective but quiet aircon and even piped music in the bathroom very soothing after a long day 's sightseeing .

fantastic hotel in a good location. Right next to high class shopping centre. Rooms were above average with great air conditioning , very clean and courteous cleaning staff. Great hotel service all round with a free shuttle to the MTR station which you can then connect straight to the airport train. Hong Kong should be commended for providing such a streamlined service for visitors - fantastic !

an excellent hotel in the heart of every thing happening in Hong Kong !

we were more than pleased with the room , the surroundings , and the attitude of the staff at New World Renaissance ! The location of this property is outstanding--it is near everything , including a mall , grocery store , and bakery. The harbor promenade &quot ; Avenue of Stars&quot ; , with its breathtaking view and constant activity , is a wonderful place to sit and people-watch. Do n't miss it on Saturday night , or any night , for that matter .

we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on the way home from Australia. We found that it is well located on the Avenue of Stars offering an enjoyable evening stroll along the promenade to the main shopping and restaurant areas. This is a bustling area in the evenings with buskers and entertainment and offers great views of Hong Kong harbour and island. It is just a short stroll to the Star ferry terminal as well and the hotel is right next to the New World Shopping Centre with a good range of shops .

due to staying 4 nights , we received an upgrade to a deluxe room and were very happy with this room. From what we hear of the size of Hong Kong rooms this room was large with a queen size bed as well as a rather large bathroom with shower and bath. The foyer was very elegant and we were never kept waiting for an elevator as there were 6 in use. The gym was very well fitted out. The location was perfect with the MTR only a 5 minute walk and the Star Ferry less than 10 minutes away. Just behind the hotel is the Harbour and a great spot to watch the light/laser show that begins at 8pm every night. Highly recommed this hotel and would stay there again .

this hotel was ideally located - we were able to walk to a number of destinations/shopping. Fantastic restaurant overlooking harbor. Wonderful breakfast each morning. Get a harbor view room - it is well worth the extra price. Ca n't wait to go back .

stayed at the hotel for 3 days in April '05. Booked the room with 3 single beds. The room was very small and not really enough space for 3 beds. Paid extra to upgrade to larger room .

i stayed at the hotel during the Easter holiday and I liked the quietness of the location. It stays away from the busy Nathan Road and is a only few steps away from the Harbour Front Promenade. I was impressed that the welcome chocolates on your pillow , available bathrobes in the closet and two mineral waters supplied daily in the room for a three star hotel. Although there is no bathtub , the bathroom becomes pretty spacious in HK standard .

we stayed at New World Renaissance only because we could n't find any reasonably priced hotels during the Rugby Sevens. The location itself is n't too bad , it is next door to New World Shopping Centre and close to Star Walk .

