why is it you can stay in a 2-Star hotel in HK or China and not pay for WiFi access , but at the more expensive hotels they charge an extra ~ $ 12 a day ? When I asked about this at the front desk or the Renaissance , the person I was spoke with referred me to a manager and he was very indifferent and arrogant about the issue. My point was that the room rate should have covered some WiFi access , even if only in the lobby as with many hotels in China .

hotel is large and nice. Location next to the convention center makes this a primarily business hotel , but we chose this hotel for holiday/leisure travel because they had a promo rate and the location is ideal for shopping , with Causeway Bay just one MTR stop away and Tsim Sha Tsui just across the harbor via Star Ferry .

i spent one night here en route to China. It is really easy for the Star Ferry to Zhuhai , which was our reason for staying here. There is a free shuttle bus .

this hotel was fabulous , the view over the harbour was breath-taking. Far to busy sight-seeing to take advantage of the outdoor swimming pool on the 9th floor ! ! ! Staff pleasant and rooms great .

beautiful hotel located on Hong Kong Island just minutes away from the Star Ferry. Check-in is on the second floor , it was fast and friendly. My room was on the 26th floor and had a partial harbour view. Room was small and compact. Large double bed , sofa , nice TV with limited English channels. Mini bar which I did not use. Bathroom clean , except for some mold around the bath tub. The room is done in dark woods and glass , very appealing. Huge windows to look out at the harbour and traffic below .

i stayed twice at the Renaissance : once in an old ran down room which was really old and once in a renovated , comfy , elegant room. Make sure they do n't put you in one of the old rooms. They are usually on the highest floors and they told me at the check in &quot ; we upgraded you to the executive level&quot ; . Which actually means &quot ; we gave you an old room&quot ; . As Marriott gold member , I have access to the exec lounge on the top floor which is great. Fantastic views , good drinks , great breakfast. Also the location is great with the ferry to Kowloon in front of the hotel and topclass nightlife in walking distance .

nothing more to elaborate , average stay but good location and view .

stay with good connections. Hope the room from seaside. Find the General Manager of hotel from Handle bar .

i 'm sure there are swankier hotels on Hong Kong Island but this property is still very nice. The views on the Harbor side of the building from the rooms are spectacular. I 'm sure the Manderin , the JW Marriott or the Conrad are newer and fancier. I spent the weekend here and stayed in a renovated room gave up the club level older room . The Club lounge was nice but not fantastic. The hotel is not walking distance from much except for the ferry to Kowloon but taxis are plentiful and cheap so it doesnt matter. The taxi ride to the big Central Park mall was only 5 mins. The employees here are OK - not the best attitude because the place is big and busy - but they are helpful. The resterant by the pool is outrageousIy expensive but the buffet where breakfast was served was good and priced right. I paid about $ 200/night here which seems like a decent value for a harbor front property. The swankier hotels were at least 50 % more expensive. Also useful were the tour busses that stopped right out front and the airport bus which does the same .

we stay for 4 nights from 6 November , 2009 , overall satisfied with this hotel .

i stayed for two nights and had a very good room. Arranged for car service from the airport which was well organized and room was clean and modern. I did n't have the harbour view side of the hotel guess that 's why we get a good corporate rate but I felt that everything was high quality in the rooms in terms of comfort and facilities. Staff were helpful at check in and breakfast buffet was very good .

we stayed here for 5 nights in October 09 and would certainly go back. It 's good value for Hong Kong and in a great central position .

i stayed for 3 nights with my girlfriend at this hotel. We got one of the harborview rooms , and the view is amazing. But the toilet had problems and overflowed. They clearly need to fix this place up .

even though I was given a &quot ; non-smoking&quot ; room , the air-conditioning system of the hotel meant the smoke from other floors filtered into my room. Was not a comfortable stay , with cigarette smoke seeping into my clothing .

we arrived from Australia at dusk and took the shuttle bus to the Renaissance Harbour View Hotel on Hong Kong Island. We chose this hotel because it was overlooking the harbour and close to all transport. We asked for a harbour view room on a high floor in expectation of a quite room and a good view. We were not disappointed. We were shown to our room and when the curtains were pulled aside , a most magnificent view from the 32nd Floor was to be had. The view was a 180 degree view of a busy working Victoria Harbour .

walking distance to the Railway Station , very clean , n friendly staffs .

the Hotel is located almoast just a jump from the beach right beside the beautiful Convention Centre and is very beautiful in it Â ´ s interior design ! I specially recomend the buffet &quot ; specially the breakfast buffet&quot ; in the Hotel. The choices and variations of food are the best I have ever seen compering to hunderets of hotels I Â ´ ve been to ! !

good location - just 3 mins walk from the Star Ferry Terminal and 7 mins walk from the Wan Chai MTR station by cutting through several buildings via pedestrian bridges .

i stayed there for 2,3 nights ca n't recall... for the business conference held in HK. A great dimsum place near by ca n't remember the name but the hotel must know love the pool , bars , staff were nice..... I would stay there again .

i stayed here with my sisters and our children. My room overlooked the harbor so we did not have to go outside or pay for the symphony of lights. We saw everything from the convenience of our room. This is in the same complex as the convention center. It is in the heart of town so everything is within a walking distance. A mall is in the same building. A wide range of restaurants to choose from and a grocery store - all within walking distance. A short walk to the metro. A short walk to the pier. The lobby is typical streamlined Renaissance , very contemporary. The beds are very small though , not even a full bed , two beds in a room. I believe this is common in Asia. Most hotels in Asia I have been to have smaller double beds with the exception of Renaissance Beijing , which are the same size as those in the U.S. Lovely pool , just like a garden. The garden/pool area has a restaurant that offers buffet lunch and dinner .

we stayed for the second time. Its a nice central local. The room we had the last time was a small odd shaped end room tho. The room on our previous visit was larger .

on previous visits to Hong Kong , I 'd always erred on the side of value for money rather than luxury , but with some Marriott points at my disposal I decided to spend 10 days at the Renaissance Harbour View Hotel - and I was not disappointed ! Hong Kong knows how to do customer service , and from the moment I arrived I was treated like a star. My luggage was taken from me the moment I got out of the taxi , the check-in was simple , and I was provided with complimentary refreshments within an hour of arriving. The room looked out over the harbour , which as any visitor to Hong Kong will know is a fantastic vista. I had access to the executive lounge where there were free drinks , food and snacks served all day long. The swimming pool overlooking the exhibition centre was a delight , and the comfort and elegance of my room was outstanding. As for location , you ca n't get more central than the Harbour View , meaning that the whole of Hong Kong is literally at your feet .

stayed for 2 nights on business and my main gripe is that the room appeared ok but smelt quite damp. If I could have been bothered , i.e. if it had n't been late and I could have motivated myself I really should have asked to change rooms. I 've never asked to change rooms before but this is most definitely the closest I have come .

i stayed at the Renaissance Harbour View Hotel Hong Kong twice in the last two years. The hotel is connected to the convention center in Wanchai. If you are attending a convention the location is very good. The rooms are in okay condition , but in need of refurbishing. The service was very good and staff very helpful. Rooms on the water have a very good view. Considering the price there are better values in Wanchai â € “ the Flemming Hotel being one. Overall , a 4 star hotel with 5 star prices .

stayed at this hotel in Feb with my wife , I 'm a platinum card member so I get a lot of freebies like free room upgrade and a gift package on arrival. That was nice but just part of the hotel policy , nothing warm about it .

if you ever need to attend an exhibition at the Hong Kong Convention &amp ; Exhiition Centre , then this the place to stay. The exhiition centre is attached to the hotel and is an approximately two minute walk located through a walkway within the same building .

as long time Marriott business travelers , we chose to stay at the Renaissance Harbor View Hong Kong rather than one of the more local / regional hotels while in Hong Kong. It was definitely nice to have a familiar feeling hotel to come back to at the end of the day. The Renaissance Harbor View is on Hong Kong Island overlooking Victoria Harbor and Kowloon the part of Hong Kong that 's actually attached to mainland China . The staff there was wonderful , and gave us a great upgraded room with a view of the harbor. Even bigger surprise was the fact that the room was on the corner of the building on the 30th floor -- so not only did we get to see the Kowloon skyline across the harbor , we could see a portion of the skyline on Hong Kong Island as well. Each of the skyscrapers seemed to outdo the one before --- views were breathtaking day or night. I do n't think we closed the drapes the entire time !

from the minute we arrived the staff could not have been more helpful and after a long trip from the UK this was much appreciated. The rooms were clean , comfortable and great value for money. The food was great and service fantastic .

the moment you step into the Hotel , freindly smiles greet you all around and the Rooms are very modern and offer all the gadgets that are needed. The food was good and the service was effiecient. Overall a great experience .

good view , great service. Nice and clean and comfortable too after a long day at office .

it was a delight to stay here from start to finish on our stopover. My beautiful room had just been refurbished 20th floor if you are going in the near future and had tremendous harbour views. Service and staff all great , and the room rate was excellent too. Highly recommended .

i recently stayed on the 21st floor and my main impression was : &quot ; musty.&quot ; It just had this musty smell - the floor and the actual room. It seems like it is due for renovation. TV set was really old I was surprised it even had a remote control and did n't require the manual turning of knob to change channels .

i have stayed here on multiple occasions and I will continue to on my future visits. The hotel has undergone some recent renovations which give it a very new feel. The lobby is common with what you expect from a Renaissance but since its in Hong Kong , and space is a premium , the rooms are a bit on the tiny .

standing above the Conference Centre and overlooking the Harbour , this is a quality business hotel in a convenient position for both business and tourism. Pleasant bar area with live music in the evening. Stunning views - watch out for the eagles ! Rooms comfortable and well-equipped as one would expect of such a business hotel , but NB we found the signal for wi-fi and mobile phones annoyingly poor to non-existent in the room - had to retreat to the lobby/bar area to use these. Also found the room 's sound-proofing was very poor - noise both from lifts and other rooms was intrusive .

recently stayed at this hotel for the third time...Not sure if I 'll go back or not. It 's not a bad hotel by any means , but there are so many others in HK that I prefer to this one .

the hotel is a like an airport , hundreds checking in and out eveyr few hours. older rooms , small ; understandable for hkg but needing a renovation. great location. It s a no frills hotel .

stayed here through an agent , great hotel and great location on Hong Kong Island , ask for a room overlooking the harbour fantastic views of Kowloon .

we did not know what to expect from this hotel after reading mixed reviews. But we were pleasantly surprised to find that his hotel was fantastic .

my Wife &amp ; I had our 2nd honeymoon in HK and chose this hotel as wanted to be on the island. We had rounded the hotel down to three , this one , the Renaissance Kowloon and the Courtyard by Marriott. Glad we chose here although opposite the Star Ferry so very good location to travel b/w here and Kowloon. The Courtyard had excellent reviews although felt it was a little out the way although near Admiralty MTR so only one stop to Wanchai so location is really not an issue .

after a long flight this is a lovely hotel to arrive in .

this was our first time in Hong Kong and we loved it ! The hotel was excellent.The room was fantastic as it was on the top floor and the windows are huge ! The room was tastefully decorated and very clean.We had access to the private top floor lounge with free drinks/snacks in the early evening.The drinks included champagne Moet and the memories of sipping champagne with the harhour views are long lasting.The hotel was very helpful on advise about trips and transport.I was recommended this hotel by a friend and it lived up to all my expectations.Maybe it was all the champagne but I would not hesitate to book this hotel again.We watch the New Years Eve fireworks whilst we were there ! ! !

stayed for two weeks on business. GREAT location - close to Wan Chai Ferry to Kowloon , close to the MTR. Hopewell Centre at the end of Luard Rd a 10 min walk away. Lots of stores , including a TASTE grocery store where you can pick-up snacks , etc.. .

just had a week at this hotel. Problems started at check inn. I am a platinum with Marriott and had requested two things. A renovated room + Harbour view I was given none. So I asked again and was given a Harbour view room on the 38Th floor. Once up here it was a old room not renovated. The room itself was OK bed was hard and no wireless had to use a cord .

the Renaissance Harbour View is , like so many Hong Kong hotels , a quality establishment. Comfortable rooms , some with an excellent view of the harbour , and excellent facilities , including pleasant landscaped gardens around the pool. Service is also very good. Only drawback was the construction works taking place on the new Exhibition Centre next door , which detracted from the relaxed pool side atmosphere. The hotel is n't cheap , but offers a good base for somebody wanting to be near to Central , Wanchai or Causeway Bay .

nice hotel but building work going on from 7 in the morning untill 6 in the evening 7 days a week .

was at this hotel for a convention , so I did n't mind getting the older room and not facing the harbor for under US $ 200 , as I was n't going to spend too much time in the room other than for sleeping late at night. The older room was... old. The bed is OK , not too comfortable , not bad either. It was clean , and that was plenty enough for me. If I were to come back again and would know that I 'd have more time to enjoy the room or the view , I 'd probably would ask for harbor view and renovated room .

hotel is in a good location. The room is a little small for the price , but great view. It clean and the staffs are attentive. The food was good. But more of the people in my previous group tour stayed in kowloon and seem to be alot more convinient .

i have stayed at this hotel several times in the past &amp ; the standard is always good .

a fabulous hotel with spectacular views minutes from wonderful shoppingand sensational nightlife.The swimming pool and leisure facilities are the best i have ever used. Ca n't wait to return .

stayed here for 9 nights recently on a business trip to Hong Kong. Having previously stayed at the Grand Hyatt next door , i found this hotel to be below par. Yes its a 4 star hotel opposed to the Grand Hyatt being a 5 star ; but the Renaissance doesnt live up to its name. As you enter the lobby it smells of cheap apple blossom perfume/cologne spray. I had a harbour view room on the 25th floor , which i found to be reasonably adequate in size. Had a view over the harbour primarily overlooking the star ferry terminal in wanchai .

located in a complex that houses the Hyatt Hotel and the Hong Kong Convention Center , the Renaissance Harbor View has some on the most spectacular views in the city .

spent a few months in this hotel while on business travel in Hong Kong. The hotel is average , nothing special for a hotel in Asia. During my stay the lobby was under construction. It 's close to the MTR and Central. I much rather stay on Hong Kong side then Kowloon. In Kowloon you are mobbed by people trying to sell you stuff and are stuck with the tourists. Also this hotel is 5 minutes to Old China Hand and other bars in Wanchai. If your single or here for an extended time , Wanchai is a nice cheap place to hang out and people watch !

i stayed at the Marriott Renaissance , Harbour View Hotel in Hong Kong. The Hotel is very well located in Wanchai , very close to the Star Ferry. People looking out for Indian Vegetarian food can take the ferry to Kawaloon and have a meal at the Branto or Woodlands or Sangeeta restaurants. All the restaurants are located close to each other so you can choose from. There are a number of North India non veg restaurants also located in the vicinity of Nathan Street , Kawaloon .

we spent 12 nights here in early August in a Superior Harbour View Room on a high floor. The room itself was large enough for us , in a large double bed , and also for our son in a roll away .

stayed for a week during the typhoon season not a good idea .

myself and my wife stayed here as part of our round the world honeymoon .

i recently stayed at the Renaissance Harbour View in Hong Kong and seemed to have nothing but problems. The hotel is very nice but our first room smelled moldy and drove my allergic wife crazy. Our next room was recently renovated and very nice sans mold but our Harbour View was directly into the crane at the Exhibition Center construction site. Our final room was great but the constant daily drilling and jack hammering was extremely annoying. The hotel notice of some construction noise understated the issue. Overall , I will probably not stay at this hotel again. The staff was great but the noise and moldy smell and we were not alone in this observation were too much considering the price of the room. Although we asked for an adjustment to our rate it was ignored. We did change hotels to a cheaper Renaissance in Kowloon that was perfect .

greatest thing about this hotel was the location adjoining the convention center and with direct access to the ferries and the subway . It was our first trip to Hong Kong and we chose the hotel for it 's location. Hotel was very expensive , but the service and facilities were quite impressive. We had a 'garden view ' room on the 33rd floor which is code for 'we do n't promise you a harbor view'. Hotel is built to provide a fanstastic view to most rooms , so our room on the end had a bit of a strange shape. In terms of meals , we particularly enjoyed lunch in the Lobby Lounge HK $ 138 -- this was 4 courses and we enjoyed each one. We also tried their expensive Italian restaurant La Scala and my Italian husband thought it was reasonably good. The garden is on the 11th floor and is shared with the Hyatt Regency -- it 's quite impressive with grass/trees , multiple pools and a restaurant that looked nice but did not seem to be open when I was there. The fitness room is shared with the Hyatt and is attended and well equipped. Clientel was almost entirely british/australian/US at breakfast buffet , but at dinner buffet it switched to almost entirely Chinese. There also seemed to be a large number of airline crews coming and going. I really enjoyed my visit and would return , particularly if the rate was better .

this is one of my favorite hotels in Hong Kong , and where I typically stay. The views are just fantastic , make sure you request a room with the Harbour View , and preferably the Club Level. At the club level they will give you great service , remember your name , and help you with your travel , reservations , airport , etc without having to be with the masses downstairs in the lobby .

i stayed here during a business trip and found it to be very comfortable and convenient .

this hotel was fine for the price. Actually quite a bit cheaper than other hotels on HK island. Very convenient location if attending a show/event at the convention center , but otherwise it 's a bit of a walk to get to the MTR .

even if you did n't know that this hotel is attached to a massive conference centre , you can somehow sense it as you walk through the door. The whole place has the no-nonsense/no-frills atmosphere of a place occupied almost exclusively by foreign businesspeople , who arrive late and leave early , staying for one night only. The rooms are perfectly clean and adequate , but completely non-descript and rather dated and a little tired in the case of mine , whose cupboards and bathroom sink were scuffed and chipped in places . Everything is designed with just enough space for its intended purpose , and not an inch more. The morning breakfast experience is as close as I ever hope to come to being in a factory production line .

overall good stay for 19 days. The hotel location is very convenient to the convention center and the Wan Chai MTR station. The view of Victoria Harbour and the Hong Kong skyline is fabulous. The staff were very cordial and prompt. The service level at the hotel was always good to exceptional. The daily breakfast buffet is wonderful .

my partner and I stayed here for four nights in March before moving on to Australia. We had checked out the hotel website but were still totally unprepared for the amazing harbour view which met us when we entered our room !

i visited Hong Kong in March 2008 and my wife and I stayed at the Renaissance Harbour View Hotel. I booked the hotel for three nights via the internet www.asiarooms.com and paid Â £ 110 per night inclusive of breakfast. We arrived at Hong Kong Airport around 6.30am and after taking the fast train into Hong Kong Central station and transferring to the free hotel shuttle , we arrived at the hotel around 9.30am. In other hotels I have visited , should you arrive as early as this you would be told to return at about 1pm. Not so the case with this hotel , as I was informed that our room was not ready but if I returned in about one hour â € ™ s time then one would be made ready for us. We duly returned at the suggested time and the pass cards were handed to us for room 1804. The room overlooked the garden as the harbour view rooms are more expensive and I ca n't see the point of paying for a view when you only look out of the window a few times during your stay !

this hotel 's claim to provide 5-star service is completely ill-founded in our experience. The rooms require urgent renovation - here are a few good reasons :

arriving in Hong Kong after a 13 hour flight to this hotel jettisoned most of the lethargy and jet-lag I 'd picked up from sitting in a cramped seat .

great location for Convention Centre and Wan Chai business area. Large , high class , fully serviced hotel which shares excellent outdoor facilities bar , pool etc with the Grand Hyatt. Particularly recommend the nightly barbeque in the outside restaurant when the weather is good .

have stayed on several occasions since 2001 either visiting HK or in transit to/from Australia. Staff are brilliant and many have worked there for over ten years. Arriving at 6am after a long flight from UK its wonderful to be received by a cheery bell captain saying &quot ; Good Morning Mr &amp ; Mrs Taylor welcome back. How long are you staying this time ? Does Mrs Taylor need a wheelchair ? I 'll have it sent to your room as soon as you have checked in. The rest of the staff from every department are equally friendly and anxious to cater for your every need. We have nothing but the highest praise for this hotel and would not consider staying anywhere else in Hong Kong .

we spent 2 nights at the Renaissance Harbour View in January en route to Sydney .

hi we stayed here on the 28th Jan for 2 nights on our way to Sydney. We arrived at the hotel complete with our luggage after a long flight from Heathrow. We made our way to the check-in area and we welcomed by a smart young lady who was apparently a trainee , However , she did have a member of staff with her watching her every move. My travelling party consisted of me and my same sex partner. We were asked whether we wanted two singles or a double bed , I asked for a double bed and were asked a further 3 times what type of bed we wanted. We could not believe what we were hearing. A service industry and they hadnt come across gay people before , for gods sake , there was various airlines staying in the hotel we werent the only gay people they had come across. We found this very embarassing at check in with the whole of the staff looking at us as though we were monsters with 2 heads. We did speak to the manager on the way out with no joy. Other than that the hotel was clean , they had complete floor renovations going on during the day. We did find it hard to relax in the hotel in the day if you popped back to the hotel for and hours sleep. My final word is be aware of the evening buffet we asked for the menu at breakfast for the evening meal which they showed us but when it came to the evening we were pushed into the buffet evening meal .

we had a week in the Harbour View and it was superb. We arrived early Sunday morning and in our room within 10 minutes .

we had booked a standard room but upgraded free of charge to club. Our 40th floor room had fabulous views , incredibly comfortable , spacious , well furnished. The club lounge provided complimentary cocktails and canapes and service there and in the hotel was absolutely superb. The location is excellent too .

we stayed at the Renaissance Harbour View on our way back from Australia to the U.K. We have been to Hong Kong before but not this hotel. It was great. Staff extremely pleasant. We stayed in a superior harbour view and the room was absolutely fantastic - floor to ceiling window with a view across the harbour ! We were warned of refurbishment works being carried out prior to our arrival. A little noisy for a while when we returned to our room in the late afternoon , but it did not affect our stay too much. There was a brilliant walkway from the first floor and right across the busy road into the heart of things and Wan Chai underground station. Would definitely stay here again .

we had a very memorable stay at The Harborview Hotel. After working at a Children 's Home in India , this hotel was an oasis ! However , we immediately realized that , after traveling for 24 hours , we had picked up the wrong bag at the airport ! ! ! ! Continuing onto a 12 night cruise would be impossible w/out my clothes ! ! ! The staff at The Harborview went into gear and almost immediately located my bag at the airport. They literally put us on a shuttle bus and when we arrived a hotel concierge located

arrived in the morning after a long travel from NZ. Decided to upgrade to a harbour view and it was worth it. Got room service and it was good - the staff were very attentive and friendly.Loved the location - used the Star ferry to Kowloon several times -. Would recommend this Hotal anyone .

we stayed here for another business trip during the New Year period in Hong Kong. After our terrible experience in the Mariott Chicago , we wanted to change our stay as the Renaissance is a Mariott hotel , but we heard good things about the hotel from coworkers so we went ahead and stayed there .

i booked a twin room through the hotel website at a promo Rest and Dine rate of 1700 Hong Kong Dollars per night inclusive of 500 HKD dining credit. The rate was pretty reasonable considering that Express by Holiday Inn was going for 1350 HKD !

having read all the bad reviews we were not looking forward to our 3 nt stop over here on the way back from a wonderful 3 weeks in Australia .

we had two rooms for a family of 5 with 3 teenagers ,we were upgraded to harbour view through our travel agent and have to say that the views were great , the rooms clean ,the beds comfy and the bathrooms always stocked with clean towels,robes and toiletries.They are refurbishing floors at the moment ,but started at 10am and were finshed by 6pm so we were normally on our way out before it started so this did not affect us.We loved this hotel ,its proximity to the star ferry and the MTR made it a good choice for us.The staff from the doormen to the reception ,concierge and room staff were polite ,helpful and nothing was too much trouble.It was our Sons 21st birthday while we were there and he was given a card and a cake.Little touches which make your holiday special.I would stay at this hotel again,if we returned to Hong Kong .

i will be here for 14 nights for business. Because of the room it will be and is unbearable. I can put up with a tiny room and mine is actually larger than the average however , the rooms are old and worn out. The wall paper is coming off and has mold along the seams and part of the carpet is actually rotted. I hate to plug in the very old worthless hair dryer ,because the socket is surrounded by mildew and pulls out. of the wall with wires exposed when I unplug it. Stains on the chair and carpet. The night stands and desk are so beat up if you had them at home you would throw them out. There is no excuse for this at $ 350 + U.S. per night. Pure greed on the part of the owners. Needless to say this is very depressing .

there are lot of problems with this Hotel. The rooms are very small and even though the interior on the first sight looks pretty there are stains on the wall and on the carpet and even worse there is mold in the bathroom and in the closet. The room has a certain humid smell and the windows can not be opened , which make this hotel very uncomfortable for people with allergies .

nice hotel good location for subway etc .

spent one night at the Renaissance on business .

what a start to a long trip. The room was very good - new toothbrush every day ! Amazing pool and changing facilities. Lovely meal in restaurant. Such comfy beds too .

have stayed here many times before and never disappointed. Staff are great. Location is perfect for getting around Hong Kong , ferries , buses , trams and MTR all close. Wanchai night life will broaden the mind of most. If you like full speed cities but need an oasis this might be the place. Rooms are of a good standard. Pay the extra for a Harbour View 'cos that 's what Hong Kong is all about. Lobby Lounge renovation now completed so good place to sit and &quot ; people watch&quot ; . Always good for a longer stay not just a stop over .

we stayed at the Renaissance Harbour View for thee nights in January '07 .

i highly recommend the Renaissance Harbor View , located on the island Central side of Hong Kong. Stayed here in August '07 for business--1x in a harbor view and 1x in a &quot ; pool&quot ; view room .

we stayed at the Renaissance Harbour View in February 2007 and had the trip of a lifetime. It is worth upgrading to a harbour view room because our 's was on the 33rd floor and the view was stunning. The room was large and comfortable with extras such as dressing gowns and slippers , a safe and mini-bar. The staff were very helpful , friendly and courteous and we went on a couple of tours organised by the hotel which were well worth the money. Location is close to Star Ferry terminal and busy shopping area with many restauraunts. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff. The outdoor pool is lovely and the bar in the evenings is bustling with people and has live entertainment .

stayed here with my girlfriend for 3 nights before travelling to Bali .

i was on a business trip and stayed 2 nights in this hotel. I actually booked Garden view but was upgraded to a nice Harbour View suite on 19th fl. Dinner at Dynasty was the best ! ! Breakfast was good with fair choices. Part of the hotel was under renovation but overall was a pleasant stay .

we stayed here for 2 nights at the start of a trip to Hong Kong and Bali. Having upgraded to a harbour view room an absolute must I was pleased with the breathtaking views across to Kowloon. The pool area is excellent although the views shown in most brochures are misleading as you look directly onto the convention centre which was being extended when we were there . Staff are reasonably attentive .

well placed hotel on Hong Kong side. Absolutely must have a harbour view room although the next door conference centre is extending with plenty of building work and the hotel lobby was being refurbished - no discount or prior notice was given to us although to be fair it made little impact on our stay. Superb location and views. Covered walkway to metro and nearby shops. We ate out of the hotel with breakfast at a deli t the end of the walkway and dim sum and local restuarants cheap and plentiful. Nearby ex pat drinking and red light area not too seedy and local street markets next door worth the visit. Starline ferry a short walk and trams and buses nearby -its very easy to cover HK and Kowloon side. Use peak tram to get up and then walk round the corner for a bus back down to get the views and quicker exit. Stanley market not as cheap relatively Primark t -shirts cheaper ! but plenty eating and drinking places and easy transport via No 6 bus. Allow plenty of time to get back from Aberdeen harbour via the tunnel as very busy. Definately recommend the longest mid level escalator trip with then a leisurely walk down through the zoo which was well worth the visit and then exit and drop onto the peak tram -as a sort of trip itinary .

this hotel is just fabulous. Everything about it is great ; the food , pool , rooms , staff helpfulness , location. It is right on the harbour and adjoined to the COnference and exhibition centre. THe undergroud train is a short walk away and is easy to find through a hotel walkway. We were upgraded to the Club floor , where we felt like rich business people , except we had n't brought the smart clothes to go along with it. All in all a great placeto stay .

wonderful location and fantastic hotel.. real luxury with excellent service and very good value for the price..cant wait to return

we stayed here for 3 nights from the 10 February. The hotel is on the waters edge of Hong Kong Island which looks across the harbour to Kowloon. The staff were very helpful and our room was very comfortable and very clean. Our room also looked across the harbour and was toped up daily with free bottles of water which comes in very handy. The hotel pool looked very nice although we did not have time to use it and the restaurants in the hotel were also good. The hotel is next to the star ferry terminal could n't ask for a better hotel .

stayed two nights in the Renaissance on they way out to NZ and again on the way back .

what everyone else has said really : Superb views over the Harbour , nice rooms , very comfortable .

we stayed for two days after leaving the QM2. More than happy with the hotel and facilities , The view of the building works was not the best but would be temporary .

i was travelling on business and decided to stay central on HK Island. Only a few Hotels have a pool like the RHM which shares its out door facilities with the opposite Hyatt. Unfortunatly , the pool was closed and there was no excuse. The rooms are very small compare to other Hotels in that area. While 'the do n't disturb me sign ' was posted out side my door , house keeping was interrupting me eight times on a Saturday afternoon for no particular reason. Even better , there is a huge construction side right next to the door , and the Hotel did n't had the curtesy to mentioned that while booking directly with RHM a couple of weeks prior to my arrival .

we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Renaissance Harbour view Hotel. On arrival we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to Club Level at an additional cost , we were so glad that we did. We stayed on the 38th floor with a harbour view which we had previously booked . The room and bathroom was excellent , very clean. Breakfast , afternoon tea , cocktails and free use of the internet was included with the upgrade all of which we enjoyed .

the Renaissance Harbour View Hotel is good in the sense that you are given a comfortable room , the food is good and the staff are friendly. Yet , the hotel does not seem to have that special something. It does not push that little bit extra to provide truly exceptional service. If you want true luxury I would not recommend The Renaissance Harbour View Hotel but if you want a good location and stunning views it is the hotel for you .

my first comment would be that the Renaissance has the very best location of any hotel on Hong Kong Island. And since I prefer Hong Kong Island to Kowloon , I consider the Renaissance to be the very best place to stay .

this is a well-sited place to base yourself for a few days in HK. We had a few problems with our booking , which was supposed to be part of a group booking but that somehow got separated ! Our 1st room was a twin one , but when I went downstairs all they could offer was a king room on a smoking floor # 2516 which was not ideal. They did offer to change the room the next day and to get the room specially cleaned if it smelt of smoke - in the end it was a good room with no stale smell and with a great view of the harbour and the Star ferry terminal. There was plenty of hot water , decent amenities and lots of towels. The room was cleaned thoroughly twice a day and a nice gesture was the little toy left on the pillow each night at turndown , which built up to form a small version of the link sculpture in the lobby. The only problem we had one night was when what we can only presume was a 'lady of the night ' who gave a most impressive and theatrical performance for a solid 45 minutes at 0300 one morning in the room next door which was connected to us by a locked ! door ; otherwise we had no problems with noise and we were n't sure whether to applaud or cheer loudly at the finale , unfortunately we were then treated to an encore regardless !

my husband and I just had a two night stay at the Renaissance Harbour View in Hong Kong. We were upgraded to a suit when we arrived , which was a good start. The room was lovely and the Harbour views were excellent. There is a bit of building work going on next door with the conference center - but it did n't disturb us at all. The room and bathroom were clean and well appointed. The staff were helpful and the buffet breakfast had everything one could wish for and more .

my boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Ren Harbour View in HK for 5 nights , paid for by a Cat 5 travel package through MRP. We received an inside corner room on the 28th floor overlooking the pools and gardens .

hotel well situated. Service flawless. Offered upgrade to executive floor well worth the extra Â £ 40 . The purpose of the trip was primarily business and the hotel is perfect for this. I also took my wife along with me and she thought it was great too .

fantastic spring weather mid April. Took express train from airport cheaper to buy double package and then courtesy bus to outside hotel. For return took taxi to express train terminal , which has quick check-in for bags rather than at airport. Hotel checked in quickly but first room smelt very bad but were changed after a little while to another similar room. Room size smallish and drab as is rest of hotel. However , staff service is exemplary at all times. Breakfast very average selection and quality neither good nor particularly bad. Ubiquitous Filipino group sang bravely in a cavernous entrance area , which ruined any sound. Bar food was quick and fresh but tends to expensive as are drinks. Very much a business hotel part of the HK Conference Centre and lacks any atmosphere. Has a retro look of old style socialist hotels ie block shape , with marble but drab. Very handy for one of the Star ferry terminals , a couple minutes walk. We got a good corporate rate but would otherwise consider elsewhere for more &quot ; character&quot ; . The staff are the best part .

we stayed at the Renaissance over New Year , we had a fantastic stay , the rooms are small as expected , the service and hotel facilities are fantastic , taxis are very cheap and public transport even cheaper , the hotel is literally 2 mins walk from the Star Ferry and about 5 mins from the train terminal , from Wan Chai it took about 45 mins to China Shenzhen station , be prepared for the culture shift as you get there , we must have travelled to Lo Wu commerical centre on one of the quietest days , dont go early as you will simply be followed and hassled more as shop vendors fight for your business .

we arrived at the Renaissance Harbour View hotel in time for the Chinese New Year. We watched the fireworks from our 17th floor bedroom window and it was quite an occasion. We found the service at the hotel was excellent and our room was large , very clean with a comfortable bed , nice bathroom and good views of the harbour .

stayed at this hotel end of March for 4 nights and it was a truely amazing experience .

my husband and I stayed here on the first night of our honeymoon and we were very impressed. The receptionists were so friendly congratulating us on our marriage and gave us an upgrade to a room with an amazing view over Kowloon. They sent us up the most amazing chocolate mousse cake , a small bottle of sparkling wine and some bath

this hotel had a great location right next to the star ferry at Wan Chai on Hong Kong Island and the tube. It was lovely , with great views and I even got a free upgrade to a suite on the 37 floor with harbour view. Even without the suite this hotel is perfect for location and the staff are very helpful. Recommend that you don â € ™ t eat at the hotel coffee shop though as its expensive , if you go into the small shopping centre that is attached there is a small coffee place in there that is cheap with excellent food , the freshly squeezed juice is lovely first thing in the morning .

we have just returned from a 3 night stay in Hong Kong , at the Renaissance Harbour View Hotel. The hotel was a great location , right beside the Star ferry and 5 mins walk from the MTR , The Rooms where very clean and the harbour view was Spectacular , although you are over looking the Kowloon side the location of this hotel makes up for it .

stayed for three days and was very satisfied with the hotel itself and the location.Had a corner harbour view on thirtyish floor ca n't remember room number and it was excellent.If I was super critical I would say we had dinner in the hotel restaurant and felt it was overpriced and lacking in any atmosphere.However as other reviewers have said there are plenty of options close by .

stayed here for 4 nights with Marriott points in May. Beautiful corner room which was unexpectedly spacious for Hong Kong. Overlooked pool , and to the peak beyond and had a bit of a side harbour view. Very clean and well equipped. Public areas very nice and live music in lobby at night. We did n't eat in hotel because we were handy to so many places outside. Got from the airport with hotel shuttle bus which was fine but as taxis turned out to be good and cheap I suspect a taxi wouldn â € ™ t have cost much more for 2 .

i had a three day stopover in HK - the first time I had been back since it became a SAR. Trailfinders booked me into the Renaissance and I got allocated a Harbor View room on the 20th floor. I ate a couple of times in the coffee shop where there is an excellent buffet .

i have spend with my family 6 days at the Renaissance Harbour HK. We travelled with 3 kids 11 , 9 , 2. U lived in HK fro 5 years before and wanted to take back my daughter where she was born. I know lots of different hotels in HK and wanted to be on HK side as it is more convenient with the children. This hotel is really good value compare to other hotels. Very clean , friendly. We had 2 harbour view rooms and we really enjoyed watching the fireworks for Chinese new year from our rooms. The location is the best. Wanchai , next to MRT and star ferry and shopping centres. Breakfast was great but very expensive. We ended up going to DeliFrance every morning which is on the way to the MRT .

the Renaissance Harbour View Hong Kong has a superb location adjoining the Hong Kong Convention Center and overlooking the harbour above the Wanchai Star Ferry terminal .

this hotel is in an excellent location if you are doing business on Hong Kong Island. It 's probably walking distance to where you need to go. It 's located right on the water. My room had a view of the &quot ; new&quot ; exposition center and TSK .

last Hotel on a 3 week trip and we decided to treat ourselves given that prices are cheap here. Superb large pool. Very central Hotel near to Star Ferries. Our 1 moan would be that for a Hotel that knows that it is going to have a lot of travellers with late flights - they only had 1 quite poor shower/changing room for both sexes by the pool area. Compared to other Hotels such as in Singapore we did think that this let the Hotel down - but each to their own. Other than that could not complain - the service is pretty much over the top with so many staff to help you .

stayed at the Renaissance for 5 days including New Years eve. Had a room on 28 floor with spectacular views up the Harbour. Could have spent the whole time in the room enjoying the view. Great location and easy access to the ferry and subway .

convenient location about 5 min walk from subway and 2 mins from star ferry make this hotel ideally located for all that HK has to offer. Excellent service , friendly and helpful staff. We had heard that rooms in HK were small but were pleasantly surprised to find that ours was actually really spacious. We had a garden view room on a non smoking floor that still offered excellent view of 2 IFC .

we stayed at the Renaissance as the second half of our honeymoon the first half was Singapore .

my wife and I stayed at the Renaissance in July for 3 nights with a further night in August en route to Thailand. We received a warm reception and were invited to stay on the club level with its own concierge and club lounge where we were able to breakfast and have evening cocktails before dinner. Of course , afternoon tea was also served here. The views of the harbour from our bed on the 38th floor were great and we were able to see the cruise ships as they came in to dock. Swimming pool and fitness rooms were to a high standard and the food in their a la carte restaurant was of a high quality and served in an intimate fashion .

well , I 've stayed in a number of hotels worldwide but this has got to be one of the best ! ! The service is impeccable , the hotel rooms are large for HK standard and the facilities are very impressive .

our family of four - Husband , wife , son 19 &amp ; daughter 16 stayed at this hotel for 10 days 19 - 29 Dec , 2006. Had connecting rooms on 17th floor with harbour views. Check-in and check-out both seamless , staff friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean , simply furnished but not unpleasant , beds were excellent but pillows a bit soft - we got used to them. Comfortable wing chairs and foot stools that we used to sit in and gaze out at the ever changing view. Rooms were a reasonable size which was fine as we were n't in them too much. We were there for Hong Kong , not for the hotel room. Housekeeping staff were efficient and friendly too. Close to Star Ferry terminal and not too far from MTR. We had breakfast included in our package and could not fault the buffet available each day. Also had Christmas lunch there - this was outstanding. Construction work being undertaken at the Convention Centre next door meant that there was sometimes a bit of noise. It was not intrusive - more a hum and we often did n't even notice it. Pool area excellent. We would certainly stay at this hotel again and would highly recomment it to others .

this is a vey good hotel. We spent two days here over NYE. The room had excellent views of Victoria Harbour and Kowloon , very clean , very well serviced and spacious. Breakfast and dinner at the Scala restaurant were excellent and we also had lunch at the all-day restaurant which was also very good. We relied on the hotel for our New Year 's entertainment - it was ok but nothing major and was very surprising to find that with such a great location , the hotel does n't have a lobby taking advantage of it. Location-wise , Wan Chai may not be as convenient as Central , but still only a 5-min taxi ride to everywhere else , so the price difference with the hotels in Central is definitively worth your stay in this area. Would definitively stay there again for the same price room of around HK $ 1900 which for the season I found to be very reasonable for that class of hotel .

my husband and I stayed here for 3 weeks at the end of Nov until 15th December it was a business trip for my husband and therefore paid by his company .

i was there for several days on business. In terms of blandness , this hotel is clearly resting on its laurels as being right next to the convention centre. Room -- average , location -- average , staff service -- average. IF big IF there is a convention on at the convention centre , you 'll never in a timely manner get a taxi at the hotel. You 're better off to exit on the Harbour Road side and walk to the Taxi Rank about 250m away where you 'll not wait .

i 've stayed at this hotel since the 1990 's and watched it go through several management changes. The last time was Christmas time 2005. Sadly the hotel has gone downhill and I would not stay here again because :

just came back from Hong kong , lovely city. anyways we stayed 5 nights in the penthouse of JIA hotel and then 2 nights in this hotel. i must say i liked this hotel more. u can call this a hotel while the other one is nice apartment. u can read my review of JIA hotel too. anyaways , great check in and check out people even though now i have problem that my marriot points have not been added. we had 2 rooms normal harbour view room which was good with nice view but the bathroom is old. the other one was club suite , it was amazing , huge with 2 bathrooms and comfortble design. the breakfast at the club level was basic. would stay here but only suiets not the normal rooms. oh i forgot the ferry that takes u to the other side is next to u but the subway metro is a bit further away. swimming pool was great also. if anyone needed more info u can email me on cm3207 @ hotmail.com

we stayed in a harbour view room. The view is excellent , although slighly spoilt during our stay by the re furbishment of the convension centre next door , but great view .

travelled here on the 22nd October for a week. I shared a room with my husband and daughter and found the room to be plenty big enough. We were on the 17th floor and had a view of the gardens. I know everyone says how marvelous the views are of the harbour which they are at night but in the day , especialy when it is hazy as is often the case then the garden view is preferable in my opinion also there is no noise. We ate breakfast one morning and found it to be of a good standard , typical marrriott fair. After the first morning we crossed the walkway and went to the pacific coffee house. The prices are a lot cheaper and their fresh pastries and coffee were lovely. Also they have free internet for customers which was an added bonus .

we stayed at the hotel as the first stop on our honeymoon. Check in was very efficient , it was a large hotel but there were plenty of staff to check us in. They congratulated us straight away and about 10 minutes after we had got to our room a celebration cake , small bottle of champagne , green tea and a plate of fresh fruit arrived .

greay hotel and outstanding staff , club lounge rooms a must for free drink nice food during happy hour with fab views over harbour

we stayed at the Renaissance Harbourview in late September , and were impressed by the location and qualities of the hotel. However , we found the staff were somewhat keener on extracting a profit than on providing old-fashioned service. Based on past experience , I prefer the Grand Hyatt opposite !

having read all of the reviews I was a little disappointed to wait around ten minutes to check-in after complaining to the supervisor that I had been there a while and she was ignoring me - and then get a side harbour view above an extremely noisy street , bearing in mind that I am a Marriott VIP. The room was clean and tidy but a little tired and drab and extremely small room 09 on all floors - and to be avoided in my view .

i have stayed in this hotel around 10 times during 2002-2005. This due to company deal .

we spent a week of our honeymoon at the Renaissance Harbour View hotel and were extreemly impressed .

stayed at start of August this year for 5 nights .

we could not fault this hotel which made our 4 day stopover in Hong Kong so memorable. We were on the 36th floor with absolutely stunning views over the harbour to Kowloon and the New Territories in the distance. The window was floor to ceiling and sitting in the comfortable armchairs you could lose yourself just watching the passing shipping which ranged from tiny sampans to huge container ships. The presentation of the room was immaculate and the staff made every effort to make our stay enjoyable without being obsequious. Centrally located , this is the perfect hotel for a brief stop as you do not waste time getting around , with the ferry almost on your doorstep and a very helpful tours desk in the main lobby.We have been recommending this hotel to all our friends and at least 2 have already booked !

we travelled for 5 weeks and this was our last hotel and what a hotel it was ! It was a good thing we did n't stay here first otherwise we would have been disappointed with all the others !

loved the Harbour View ! I was travelling with five other friends so we had twin share rooms. Whilst a tad on the small side , they were well equipped and had king single beds - always a blessing as they are just that extra bit more comfy than ordinary singles. We had spectacular harbour views from our rooms .

we stayed in 2 adjacent harbour-view rooms for 9 nights in July 2006. The booking was made through the Trailfinders agency in the UK and included flights to HK and Bangkok with Gulf Air - the whole lot for a very keen price .

we stayed here in May for 2 nights. Check in was quick , no problems at all .

we stayed for three days but we could have stayed longer. The rooms are okay but the pool is nice. The hotel is close to the ferry to Kowloon where we visited daily because my husband had three suits made at Sam 's Tailor on Nathan Road. There is a Renaissance in Kowloon but they do n't have harbor views. There is also a J.W. Marriott near Hong Kong Park where I will stay next time because it is in Central where most of the nightlife occurs. You must ride the Hong Kong tram and take the peak tram to Victoria Peak for the most outstanding views of the city. We spent little time in the hotel because there was so much to see and do. The view from the promenade in Kowloon is something to remember .

we stayed in Hong for 6 nights as my partner 's sister lives and works here ... we found this to be a perfect location for visiting any part of &quot ; The Island&quot ; or for getting to Kowloon , the airport or any of HK 's major attractions. The Renaissance is located in Wan Chai directly on top of the HK Convention &amp ; Exhibition Centre , overlooking the amazing HK harbour and across the road from Wan Chai Star Ferry Pier , with boats taking only 5 mins to Tsim Sha Tsui across the water. Wan Chai MTR station is only 5 mins walk away via a series of interconnecting aerial walkways that take you through Central Plaza skyscraper. For airport access , an easy 25 mins from HKG via the Airport Express to Central Station Hong Kong and then 2 mins in a cab. Be warned , there is a charge per bag by taxis , but with downtown check-in available , this airport transport is fantastic .

stayed for a 2 night stopover and were extremely impressed .

this was the first stop off of a business trip and I stayed at the hotel for three nights. The room 36th floor overlooked the harbour and down to Causeway Bay , could not have been better. From check-in to check-out everything was problem free. The only downside was at breakfast the large numbers of American flight crew who can be quite loud , have a lack of the point that other people also need to have space , they should review their sloppy dress standard when not in uniform. Men in sweaty t-shirts , shorts and flip flops at breakfast is not a good way to start a morning...especially when most guests are in nice clean clothes and have to sit on the same seats .

excellent                                                                           . Our first hotel on our honeymoon and the hotel was exeptional. Ideally located to get around Hong Kong Island and very close to the Star ferry to get over to Kowloon. The hotel treated us very well with the service and food being exceptional. A recommendation would be to upgrade to a harbour view with the views being excellent at dawn especially when your trying to get over the jetlag . Thoroughly recommended .

this place is great .

stayed for 10 days and ca n't find anything to complain about. Front desk staff was cheerful and very helpful. Transportation staff outside the hotel could not have been nicer. Room was clean and serviced promptly every day. Check-in and check-out was painless. No noise , pleasant lounge and a great pool area with excellent service and great sandwiches. Location is good for Causeway Bay and Happy Valley and Star Ferry is just a short walk from the hotel. MTR is perhaps a 5 minute walk and there are coffee shops , restaurants and grocery store all within a short walk. All in all a very fine hotel in a great city .

we stayed there for 3 nights in February and will never stay at another HK hotel again ! The view when we walked into our room was nothing short of spectacular. The entire outside wall of our room comprised of floor to ceiling windows overlooking Kowloon , parts of the City and Victoria Harbour. At night this was obviously even better. A hungover visit to the pool one afternoon proved just as fantastic , as this area also provided unobstructed views straight over the harbour - even the surrounding fencing was clear perspex , so the view was available even when lying on your sun lounge. The service was great , our room very clean , simplistic and modern , the bed comfy , the staff friendly and helpful and the price very reasonable for HK .

stayed at the Renaisance for 5 night in May 2006. I am a Marriott Rewards Gold Card memeber and had booked 2 nights in a standard room with points and 3 in a club floor harbour view room that I would pay for . I wanted to make sure the visit went smoothly so I emailed the hotel before my stay to ask if I could keep the same room for the whole visit and pay any upgrade fee. The hotel could n't confirm this before my visit but said they would make a note of my request. When I arrived one of the guest relations managers checked me in and told me that they had allocated me a harbour view room for the full stay , it wasnt ' on the club floor but this actually worked out cheaper than the original rate I had quoted ! I could also still use the club lounge anyway with my rewards card .

we wanted to break our trip home and decided to stay for 2 nights in Hong Kong. I used my Marriott points and expected a mediocre accommodation. The other 2 Marriott hotels were not available at the time I was booking. When we checked in , we requested for a transformer as our cameras and cell phones and other gadgets are 110V. House keeping staff who brought transformer beat us to our room .

usually we love this place. Our family have stayed here for the last five years for all the reasons outlined by other reviewers. we even got to know the staff in our favorite hotel restaurant by name and they remembered us. We have also recommended it to others who then recommend to others and so on... .

the Renaissance in Hong Kong is located close to Victoria Harbour and you can get some amazing views across the bay. We had a room on the 33rd floor and I could have stayed in it for my entire trip just watching the Star Ferry and other boats go by and some amazing birds of prey which fly over the harbour. The rooms are quite small , although they are no smaller than London or NYC hotel rooms and they are cleaned to a high standard. They are quite masculine in design. The staff at the hotel were excellent and there were always enough staff at reception for there to never be a que. The bar serves great cocktails and some good bar snacks/lunch type food. We did n't sample any of the other hotel restaurants but if you do decide to there are some discount vouchers in the rooms. There is a swimming pool. Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and would go back .

this hotel was booked through british airways as a stopover on the way to Australia. The hotel was excellent , staff were VERY helpful and couldnt do enough for you. We had a harbour view room with exceelent views of the harbour and kowloon. The food in the resturant is excellent and we can thoroughly recommend their buffet. Breakfast was great , and beer good. The tour desk was very helpful and the afternoon tea is a must ! ! Beds were extremely comfortable and rooms very comfortable and always exceedingly clean. Excellent location next to star ferry terminal which is a must for the symphony of lights. If you have the choise over this and the excelsior hotel this is by far the better hotel. An excellent start to any holiday .

we stayed for 6 nights at the RHV , booked through Trailfinders - due to the length of our stay we received a free upgrade to a Harbour View Room on the 17th floor , and HOW amazing were the views ! ! ! right across the harbour. We could have looked at it all day and night. There was quite a bit of traffic noise as the hotel is on a busy main road , but we were so tired from sightseeing every night that this did n't bother us at all .

stayed in January for 3 days on business w/husband. Stayed in a harbour view club room. Loved the extra services of club level room w/breakfast and snacks and drinks throughout day .

had a great 5 days at the Renaissance Harbour View. In terms of location , these are the positives : it 's right on the harbour next to the Star Ferry port the trip from the island , where the hotel is , to the mainland is wonderful , but the trip back is justifiably decribed as &quot ; one of the world 's great ferry journeys&quot ; . The RHV is also above the massive convention centre , if you happen to be visiting for business as I was .

decent hotel , recommend paying extra for a harbour view room. Has a really nice pool area. Bar is a little boring as are most of the public areas , good location .

stayed at the Harbour View on a one night 's PointSaver redemption 15,000 points . I 'm only MR Silver. I had reserved a basic garden-view room with two twins. Upon check-in , I was upgraded to a corner harbor view suite bedroom with a desk and fax machine , seperate living area , 1.5 bathrooms - the main bath being very spacious with a tub and walk-in shower . Room was in pretty good shape - some peeling here and there of the wallpaper at the seams. Windows were dirty on the outside. Good climate controls and overall comfort .

i stayed at the Renaissance Harbour View for 4 days in August , stretching over a weekend. It was more for business , although I met up with several relatives and old friends there as well. It rained for most of my stay there , so it was not an enjoyable trip .

arrived in Hong Kong end of October for our 2 day stop over to Australia. We arrived at The Renaissance Harbour View and were greeted by friendly and efficient staff. We went up to our room and opened the door - it was the wow factor ! The view out to Victoria Harbour and Kowloon was amazing. The room was spacious and clean - no complaints. We had breakfast and dinner in The Coffee Lounge buffet style and again no complaints. We only had two days for sight-seeing so it suited us to eat here though we would have liked to had dinner at Dynasty one night , maybe next time ! The hotel is 5 mins from the Wan Chai Ferry Pier and quick to get to Kowloon. The pool was also wonderful and we spent a couple of hours chilling after check out and waiting for our shuttle coach to the airport. Would return to this hotel if we ever return to Hong Kong .

the Renaissance Hotel was the last leg of our holiday of a lifetime. We had decided to end our holiday in style in Hong Kong. It is a fantastic hotel , we had a superb view over the harbour. The facilities are amazing , staff very polite and friendly. Would definitly stay here again and strongly advise anyone visiting Hong Kong to stay here. The location is two minutes from the Star Ferry to Kowloon. We stayed from the 17-20th Nov'05 .

