the Rosedale on the is a nice valued hotel. The size of the room and the hotel is ok. It 's secured and clean. The bath room is clean , addequate and I really love the water pressure. Unfortunately we never have a chance to use the other facilities so we can not comment on it. The signal to wi-fi is poor. They do not provide the drinking water - only if you request for it but the staffs of the hotel are lovely and ready to help you 24 hrs. It definitely deserves its 3 stars .

stayed here for 2 weeks in november 2009. It was a very good experience mostly. The location is on a corner of Victoria Park. The place is always very clean and the staff is excellent. I had a standard room with double bed , and it suited my needs in regards to size and comfort. It has 2 resturants and a parking level. There is always someone at the hotel lobby it seems to open the door for you. Your room key card is needed to use the elevator going up from the lobby but not needed going down from your room. Plenty of room amenities like a clothes iron , ironing board , drinks , snacks , lotions , toothbrush , shampoo , slippers , robes , broadband connection , free in-room wifi , safe , etc. .

after reading so many reviews , I 've decided to stay there for 3nights. For the price I paid ,I suppose it was reasonable in Hong Kong. Checked-in and out was ok. But service at the front desk was very cold. maybe I am an asian chinese Room was extremely extremely small even though we were upgraded and my husband and myself are small built. Bed mattress was very uncomfortable. If you are used to staying in 4 or 5 stars hotel or are travelling with younger children and old folks , please do not stay there. As the walk from MTR to the hotel can be very daunting. I would not recommend this hotel ! ! 2 stars ! !

on arrival we received an upgrade to a suite as the hotel was fully booked , this was a nice surprise &amp ; quite a bonus as this included free internet in our room &amp ; also breakfast buffet .

for the price , I guess this was an okay deal for Hong Kong. Rooms were super small , I 'd say around 100 sq ft. But clean and the location was great. Rooms were also very quiet. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful .

it 's Hong Kong - for the value this hotel was excellent. Although the rooms are a tad small for North American standards , they were certainly well fitted and had a nice bathroom. Very clean and quiet. Free wifi , good buffet breakfast included in our rate with Chinese and western options , buses and trams and taxis right outside the door. Little walk to the subway - but close enough - super easy and fun to jump on the tram and head into Centre. Loads of shopping and food nearby. On a oneway side street - if you take the free shuttle from the Airport Express train you need to either walk down the alley at the bus stop then turn left to get to the entrance...or walk back down the street the bus just came and make two rights - a little daunting if you do n't know where you are going us , but once you figure it out you 're all set and it 's dead simple. Would stay again !

stayed at the Rosedale for 3 nights. Paid CAD $ 110 a night including tax / service. Room rate includes free in-room internet access , but no breakfast not a big deal considering whole bunch of restaurants/ bakeries / fast-food joints are within 5mins walking distance .

i booked a stopover with Cathay in this hotel. If you are outside for shopping this hotel is very good , if you need to do some work in the room : Do n't book this hotel. I stayed alone but with two people it must be awful .

the hotel is new and well maintained. Though the rooms are small , they have good facilities like flat panel tv , a bay window with sitting , umbrella. I was on the 31st floor and had a decent view of the mountains , HK Stadium and Causeway Bay. The only thing I did n't like so much was the walk to the MTR station. It 's in Causeway Way , but in an awkard location. You had to walk up the stairs and get on the overpass no matter which entrance you took .

rosedale is the place to go if you want clean , well located and affordable accomodation in HK. Rooms are big enough , bathroom had all the amenities you could have expected for and staff were helpful. I had initially booked a guesthouse in the area but had a change of heart. Rosedale being recommended by my guidebook , I just went there and they found me a room instantly for a price that was very close to their lowest , advanced booking , internet fare. Only downside is their business centre and its pricey internet connection if you have n't got your own PC .

stayed at the Rosedale en route to a conference in Macau and found this place to be very practical for a few days of sightseeing , shopping etc .

we stayed for four nights in a junior suite. Very glad we got a junior suite because husband and I brought our five year old and 11 month old boys along. The infant had ample space to crawl around and when sleeping time came we pulled out the sofa bed and our older son had a comfortable sleep as well. Do n't know where else in HK we could 've got such good space for the price we paid .

i made a last minute change to my travel schedule. the staff in the hotel were really tried to help and most important all response were fast and attentive. i will definately stay in this hotel my future visits to hong kong .

we stayed there over the weekend. It 's very conveniently located , especially if you know how to cut across certain roads etc. It takes us less than 10 minutes with our 4 year old ! to get to Park Lane hotel area where there are cafes , a 24 hour supermarket and a certain well known toy shop !

i had our nephew who lives in HK and is a top banker executive scout the Rosedale for us. He talked to the top person he could get and Ms K C and I emailed through months before we got to HK. We got 3 junior suites and I can only say great comments about everybody and every experience in Rosedale .

we decided to stay here for our first trip to Hong Kong after reading the reviews on this website and were very pleased with our choice. The hotel is in a very central but quiet location just off a main road and can be easily reached by tram or MTR Tin Hau less than 5 min walk from the hotel - turn right on the main road and walk past the library !

we stayed in this hotel in August 2007. We arrived at our hotel from the Vigor airport bus which we prearranged along with our hotel through Dragonair. We stood around in the airport looking for our names on a sign. We were not told in advance that we had to go to a desk called Vigor to get our ride. A nice tour guide saw us standing around for 20minutes and helped us find our ride. Then we sat around for another 30 minutes for our bus .

i would highly recommend Rosedale on the Park. We tried to book via the on line web site but it was n't a secure site so we booked through expedia. Apart from that slight hitch we had a fantastic time , when we checked in we were told that we were going to be upgraded to a larger suite and it was fantastic. We had a seperate bedroom with a very comfy bed and a larger sitting room with kitchenette. The staff were all very friendly and we tried out the room service and the food was fantastic. We ate breakfast in the hotel and got the buffet for $ 70HK each , a discount of 30 % because we were guests. I would recomend this hotel for either a long or short term stay .

after reading a fair few reviews on this site and having decided I didnt want to pay for 5 star on this trip I settled for Rosedale on the Park which seemed to have pretty good reviews , compared to the hotel I had previously booked which didnt fayre too well .

my boyfriend and I just got back from an 8 night stay at the Rosedale

nice bar on the top floor , not too bad a walk to the MTR but nothing special .

stayed at the Rosedale for 3 nights in Dec ‚ Ä ô 06. Rooms are smallish , but ok for Hong Kong. Had a suite , which helped a lot , but don ‚ Ä ô t expect acres. Staff were always happy to answer questions etc , but didn ‚ Ä ô t volunteer information ‚ Ä ì e.g. booked their airport shuttle bus flight to early to get the MTR , was sat next to the concierge , and as the arrival time approached I asked , just to confirm that the bus arrived at the bus stop / lay-by thing outside the hotel. It did not , I had to be on the street about 30m away not a lot , but shelter street is hardly a main thoroughfare ! . Still made the bus. Would NOT recommend this to anyone in a rush , takes forever as they have pick ups elsewhere too , and if those guys aren ‚ Ä ô t ready you get later , and later ‚ Ä ¶

okay , let 's give this boutique hotel an exhaustive review because the property has earned a fair shake .

i am currently staying here for 3 nights .

we stayed here for 4 nights in November 2006. The location of this hotel is very good. In Causeway Bay located within walking distance of the Hong Kong Underground , which is brilliant. Get yourself an Octopus card at the customer services counter and travelling around is ultra easy and convenient on the underground. The Hotel room was a little on the small side but was nicely furnished with a good standard of cleanliness .

this is a great value hotel in Hong Kong. The rooms are not new and the views are average , but if you want a decent size room , conveniently located , quiet and under US $ 200 , then this is the place. A full breakfast is included. The hotel is located blocks from the metro station though you have to go up and over some overpasses , so not recommended for anyone in a wheelchair or having trouble getting around . The rooms are big enough in Hong Kong you ca n't expect too much . We went for a safer bet and booked a suite which gives you an extra room if one of you likes to stay up late and watch tv...the price difference was not substantial . There is interenet access available if you do not have a laptop .

we stayed in a junior suite from Sept 28th-Oct 8th. Our room was really two rooms : Bedroom and Livingroom/Dining room combo. Friends travelling with us for only 5 days stayed in the lowest level room which looked identical to our bedroom. This was fine for 5 days , but for 12 days I am so happy we took the recommendation of someone from this forum to book the junior suite. Plenty of space for a longer visit .

had a very nice stay at Rosedale for 1 week. Everything was in order. I had a junior suite , and it was like having my own small 2-rooms appartment ; one bedroom and one livingroom. 1 TV in each room . Nice standard , clean and bright decorated. I stayed at the 20th floor , and had a small view over towards Victoria Park/channel/the Kowloon side .

if you stay here , get a suite , otherwise it ‚ Ä ô s not worth it. From the website , you can ‚ Ä ô t tell the difference between all the ‚ Ä ú non-Victorian ‚ Ä ù suites so here ‚ Ä ô s the deal. Aside from the Victorian , all the suites are the same , the only difference is how high up the floor is and accordingly the better the view. The views from the hotel aren ‚ Ä ô t so hot , so I ‚ Ä ô d recommend going with the cheapest suite , which is a nice size room and twice as large as a much more expensive regular room at the Grand. For the price of a junior suite , in a ‚ Ä ú Budget Hotel ‚ Ä ù you can ‚ Ä ô t beat it. We did have a problem with the reservations. We booked over the internet and neither of our two rooms was available when we arrived. We had to take a suite on a lower floor , but , same room , just less of a view and cheaper. The breakfast that came with the room was nice , the people friendly. Be prepared to explain to taxi drivers how to get there , many do n't know where it is. Try showing them your room key , it has the address on it .

this hotel is lovely. The staff are friendly , the rooms are clean and well presented. Services are up to expectations , and the location is superb .

rosedale On The Park is no longer a Best Western. The Hotel itself was much smaller than expected but the location to an MTR Subway station and Victoria Park was nice. There are stores and restaurants within easy walking distance. Our room was amazingly small for 2 adults with full sized bags. If you are over 6 foot tall , you may find the bed to be too short. Floor space is almost non-existent in a room with two beds ‚ Ä ¶ if someone is sitting at the desk , the other person has no choice but to climb over the beds to get past. The bathroom is on the small side too ‚ Ä ¶ almost no counterspace for two people to put their stuff. Our non-smoking room was very clean , and well maintained. Our view from the 12th floor was straight into an old apartment building so basically we keep the curtains closed. Rooms closer to the top of the building have better views over the building we faced. FREE internet access in the room was a nice touch and if you don ‚ Ä ô t have a computer , they have one available free in the Sky Lounge on the top floor. The free mini-bar consisted of 5 cans beer/soda on our first night. The staff of the hotel is friendly and professional .

the location of the hotel was fabulous as it was only five minutes walk from Causeway Bay which is the centre of some major shopping. In turn , it is right across the street from Victoria Park and half a block away from the Hong Kong Central Library , which has hundreds of computers offering free internet. The rooms were clean and cosy and were equipped with every little thing one could need including : a free first round of mini bar goods including water and pop , free toothbrushes , free slippers , down comforters etc. The staff was friendly , although there were a few minor mishaps due to miscommunications. The lobby is clean and elegant , and everyone tried to be as helpful as possible .

you can get to the hotel via the H2 free airport shuttle however , the stop is at regal hotel. And you need to climb up a bridge to get to rosedale. The bridge is a 5 minutes walk from regal .

at a price of less than 700 HKD which you can find on many of the lastminute booking web sites , this is definitely great value. Rooms are nice sized for Hong Kong and the bathroom includes a bath and not just a shower. Free broadband in all the rooms is a great plus. They have no smoking floors as well .

considering the price this is a very good hotel. The staff was very friendly and happy to help when we needed them. Free internet access was very usefull even if you can also go on the internet in the library next to the hotel , the location of the hotel is excellent , very close to the park , shopping and the metro. We tried the roof bar but it was a waste of time .

stayed here in October 2004. Room was small for 2 people , average service from the staff. We upgraded to a deluxe room without a inter connecting door to excape the noise next door. The deluxe room was exactly the same , same size , same interior except it was in dark wood not beech. If darkwood is supposed to be classier , they need not have bothered. It looked worse !

stayed in the Rosedale Hotel in January it was top class and Wanchai was even better , never forget it

