i booked and paid for this hotel because they have the feature of double double bed in a room. They even confirmed with me that they will give me the room by the time. But when we reached there about 9pm after a 5 hours flight , was told that they did n't have one , and would give me a twin room by upgrading my room to the executive floor. The lady who was behind the counter has lots to say about the misunderstanding..which i thought was nonsense at that time. She said she will give me the room that i had requested , but when we reached our room , it was just 2 single beds. We are 2 adults and 1 child......and it is smoking floor. So we had to phone and fight for our rights. At last , they gave us what we needed. Room is clean , and big consider in the area. Internet is charged at HKD120 24 hours which is very expensive. Next to grand century shopping place , convenient. We enjoyed our stay .

my adult daughter and I stayed for 9 days here -on the ExecutiveFloor 19th where we were checked in and for a few AUD $ per day extra had breakfast in am and drinks &amp ; snacks from 6-8pm each day.Very handy to MTR , just 40 minutes to China , shopping centre next door .

we went on a family holiday to hongkong and we stayed at this hotel for three days. hotel is lively and always crowded. Attached to the hotel is a mall where you can buy essentials. Hotel is close to mongkok station which is within walking distance. hotel also runs a free bus service at fixed times to prominent locations. we loved our stay in this hotel .

after searching thru almost all the hotels in HK Kowloon for one which is reasonably priced and roomy , I discovered that most of the hotels ' rooms are of about 20sq.m or just slightly more.I was disappointed and resigned to have to stay in a 'pigeon-hole ' of a room for my holiday in HK..........until I tumbled across Royal Plaza Hotel in the Tripadvisor travel Forum. One thing which was repeatedly said abt this hotel iwas that its rooms are pretty spacious going by HK standard and are very affordable too. So I took a chance and book the Royal Plaza Hotel for our 6-days holiday in HK/Shenzhen .

pros :

i went to Hong Kong on vacation with my mother , aunts , uncles and cousins. My mom and aunts speak fluent cantonese , so this was a major plus for the whole trip. I am an american born asian and can understand very little chinese .

we spent four nights at the Royal Plaza on our way to Australia. The room we had was clean and comfortable with a large bathroom , flat screen TV , fridge etc. Check in and out was friendly , quick and efficient .

  * all the way. Excellent room. Outstandingservice ; could n't be better-housekeeping , Concierge , pool , free shuttle to TST. Great buffet breakfast. Wonderful gym and attendants. Connected to large mall with ATM machine. We were here for 4 nights and were reluctant to leave .

we stayed at the Royal Plaza for 3 nights in November 2009. Since we booked the hotel as part of Cathay Holidays package , we got a good rate than we would have got through direct booking. We were upgraded to the club room which was quite spacious. The view was nothing spectacular yet peaceful with the mountains in the backdrop of a few residential buildings. i guess all their rooms offer city views. The beds were comfortable although the AC was a bit too noisy for comfort. The hotel was well connected and had a MRT station at walking distance. the grand century place although not HK 's best mall was still a good place to have a stroll and do some window shopping. The La Scala restaurant was good and the buffet was lavish providing a good choice. Staff was friendly although the front desk was n't very kind when it came to giving a room to us a few hours before scheduled checkin. Overall,i would recommend this hotel if you are not really particular about the harbour views you are anyway going to travel to the harbour if you are in HK .

i have n't been in Hong Kong for 12 years and I did n't what to expect after the handover and all. I used to stay at The Excelsior in Causeway Bay whenever I was in Hong Kong. But this time , I wanted try another hotel for comparison and found out about this hotel. Researched quite a bit and turns out that the hotel is well received by clients even outside Tripadvisor. True enough , rooms are big for Hong Kong standards and clean. Friendly staff all around. Check in was a breeze and the hotel even gave me a room upgrade. Frankly , I think all the guest is told that their room is upgraded as part of their marketing ploy. There is a big mall right beside the hotel where there are quite a number of excellent shop selections. The hotel is also about 10 minute walk via covered walkway connected to the hotel to the Mongkook Ladies Market. The Flower Market Road is also about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. A MTR station is also adjacent to the hotel and another station is about 10 minute walk. The hotel provides a shuttle bus to another MTR station. I booked about 60 days in advance and got a USD 90 rate per night which is quite reasonable for Hong Kong considering the size of the room. A superior room can fit 4 persons comfortably I must say. Over all , I would recommend this hotel to those looking for a nice , reasonably priced , clean and bigger than average for room sized rooms. I would definitely stay in this hotel again .

i had not been to Hong Kong previously , so was not aware of what hotels could offer , however I have travelled elsewhere. The service in the hotel was excellent. Always polite and efficient and friendly. The people could not do more for me , including upgrading my hotel room. The room was very big and comfortable and everything worked as it should .

located in the heart of Mongkok , Royal Plaza is adjacent to Hong Kong 's famous night markets namely Fah Yuen , Ladies , Goldfish etc. Although the hotel is bustling with guests , we were served promptly. The Bell Boys are the best.. Besides attending to our luggage diligently , extremely polite and helpful with the direction around the city. The rooms are literally spacious and clean. The hotel is thoughtful on the environmental issue..my applause to that .

a very good location , room is spacious ! Cleaners also very polite ~ But one of the bell boy is quite rude , once he heard that we spoke Mandarin , he changed his attitude immediately , I think he must be rude to those tourists who spoke mandarin .

booked the hotel after reading reviews on Tripadvisor. Used www.asiarooms.com who had the best rates. Only after checking my booking did I discover that the age limit is 11. Emailed so we did n't have any shocks &amp ; were told $ 350 HK extra per day. On arrival we were met by Jacky Wong , Guest Services Officer. We explained what had happened &amp ; he quickly said for that extra cost we were able to have a larger family room. This was perfect &amp ; Jacky was extremely helpful throughout our entire stay as were all of the staff. The doormen are very courteous &amp ; helped with taxis &amp ; directions .

stayed here in October 2009. Booked directly with the hotel for best rates. Â £ 70 - Â £ 90 depending on weekday or weekend stay .

having spent 2 weeks at the hotel a few years back we were keen to return as we really enjoyed the hotel and more particularly the location - we got a great deal on an executive club room for a week this time which added to the experience as the room was much nicer than the deluxe one which we had last time - and having the lounge and was just great - no matter how great a hotel room is it 's nice to be able to just sit at a table , have a drink , a snack and chat or read all within a few metres of your door - it was a really nice place to just take a break .

arrived 8.30am Sunday for 3 nights - a very busy hotel. Brought up to 19th Floor Executive Lounge to book in - treated to buffet breakfast - nice &amp ; quiet. Decided to avail of the Executive Package extra cost included breakfast , afternoon tea , evening drinks , papers etc. It was lovely &amp ; quiet away from the bustle of main hotel. Able to read the papers in peace ! Only had to wait for my room about 1/2 hour had previously advised of the early arrival . ROOM absolutely fine &amp ; clean. HOT WATER - Plenty to soak in after long day shopping. STAFF extremely friendly &amp ; courteous. POOL lovely &amp ; clean : Sunbathers note : sun disappears around the building after 3pm. LA SCALA RESTAURANT fab selection of food &amp ; great buzz. CLEANLINESS superb , elevator buttons cleaned hourly. SHOPPING centre atteached super. All in all , a great stay

each night I checked 3 to 5 more rooms to try and get a room that would n't aggravate my allergy to mold -- asthma was terrible. All the rooms smelled of mold. It wasted in total more tha 5 hours of my time. After being told that they would be upgrading my room , I assumed that that meant that I could enjoy breakfast at least for my wasted hours of time. But , they were sooooo cheap they charged me $ 20 , for a breakfast. What you get for cheap is cheap. Further , even the final room I took smelled and they had to put some kind of a machine in it. I slept with a covering over my nose !

we stayed for 1 night as part of a stopover package. We were a family of 4 in 2 twin rooms , not adjoining or 1 double &amp ; 1 twin room as requested but on the same floor &amp ; only a few rooms apart so no major problem. The hotel was very plush &amp ; stylish with a grand entrance &amp ; lobby , lots of marble ! . The rooms were big &amp ; really clean with fabulous bathrooms. The beds were large &amp ; extremely comfortable ! ! . We ate in the bar at night &amp ; the meals were fabulous as was the service , the staff were really friendly , There were large screens showing live sports &amp ; the atmosphere was great. The location was good , attached to a large shopping centre,close to Nathan Rd &amp ; all the major markets . The pool &amp ; spa were fantastic. Overall a lovely hotel .

we decided to book this hotel because of tripadvisor rev , and because it was the chepeast option during our period 23/27 oct 09 . 820 hkd incl tax

this is not a hip hotel. Imposing scarlet marble colums frame the massive glass doors of the entrance hall , which is a busy melange of marble , statuary , floral displays , fountains and chandeliers which conspire to create a cluttered and antiquated ambience rather than the sophisticated five-star character they are obviously attempting. It probably worked well in the 1970 's .

i booked this on the advice of other trip reviewers. I wasnt disappointed . It was a pleasure to stay there and look fwd to returning in the future. The rooms were comfortable and they accomodated my family of 2 adults and two young children with no problems .

we stayed there almost every time we visit HK. It has never failed us in terms of services , cleanliness and security. Location is good as its near to shopping area , as well as restaurants. Love the brightly lit corridoor too .

an excellent hotel that is very centrally located being on top of a Metro station and has an adjoinging shopping centre. It is also close to the Ladies Market , the street with all the electronics shops and teh Flower Market. It also has all the facilities and room features that one would expect from a hotel of this class , plus it has an excellent buffet breakfast .

stayed at Royal Plaza with my family and my sister 's family for 4 nights. Price is very reasonable ; and yet the hotel gave us what you would expect from a 5-star hotel. Lobby decors are simple but classy. Rooms were clean , facilities and amenities were complete , beds were comfortable. The bathroom is adequate and clean too. Size of rooms and bathrooms were huge , compared to the usual size in HK. Had our first dinner at a Chinese restaurant in the Hotel which was a fine-dining place. Although the mood was too stiff for our kids even the waiters looked annoyingly at my kids who were playing with the chopsticks , the food was great. Location is far from the center of activity in Hongkong but going around is relatively easy with an abundance of taxis and tourist bus operators at the hotel. Plus , it is close to the Mongkok night market , if you like to indulge in bargain items. The only negative is that , due to its location , you will usually be the first to be picked up in the tourist bus routes to popular tourist spots , and the last to be dropped off on the way back. Just a minor inconvenience .

we stayed here for 4 nights and have nothing but praise .

excellent Hotel beautiful entrance very elegant , Rooms are quite large and very clean , only disapointment is you have to pay for Internet. Hotel has a free shuttle bus to and from Kowloon Station to catch the airport express which was great .They also have a free shuttle bus to downtown and Harbour town .

stayed in Royal Plaza Hotel for 4 nights. Room was clean and the service good. Concierge , Paul ca n't remember his sur name was very helpful and is a wonderful man. He gave us lots of information on how to get around and made our stay very comfortable .

this hotel is located in the center of Kowloon , Mongkok. Walking distance to many tourist attractions is one of the reasons I chose this place. It 's a great location for people who love shopping ! ! As soon as your hands are full of shopping bags , you can head back to your hotel with walking distance and then be ready for the next round. The room and bathroom is big and clean compared to other standard size room in HK. It 's very quiet , too. For this quality at this price in HK , you can not beat it. Where I stay is very important on my vacations and I strongly suggest Royal Plaza Hotel on your next trip !

royal plaza provided great service as well as tips &amp ; where to eat &amp ; shop. It is in the heart of everything and so convient because it is next to the big women 's market shopping areas. The number one thing is that we felt safe coming home late at night. I highly recommend this hotel to HK travelers .

found this hotel after reviews &amp ; comparisons OCT is very expensive in HK .

my family and I stayed at The Royal Plaza Hotel MongKok East for 17 nights between the end of August to mid September 2009 .

great value for money. This hotel is well located above a shopping centre in Mong Kok. The train station is directly underneath and the metro is a 5 mins walk away through the shopping centre . This is a great hotel for tourists who wish to explore the Kowloon side of Hong Kong. The famous markets Ladies Market , Flower Market are very closeby and make for interesting strolls at night. There is a wide choice of restaurants and cafes so I would n't bother eating in the hotel .

just back from the wonderful city of Hong Kong and part of that was 4 nights at this hotel .

stayed here for 5 nights , had a room on the 13th floor. Room was spotless , staff were very helpful .

we recently stayed at the Royal Plaza for our 2nd Wedding Anniversary. It was easily accessed by the Airport Express to Kowloon and then free shuttle bus K5. It was very convenient with the Mongkok East station underneath as we visited several locations using that line and the walk to Mongkok station was not very far at all and is sheltered when raining- however could be tiresome for small children/elderly. We could not find any fault with our 8 night stay- bed/pillows comfortable check in/out was a breeze and the staff spoke good english and were very helpful , housekeeping were very polite and friendly always saying good morning and have a great day- and they made up the room immaculately. We highly recommend La Scala and the buffet dinner- the variety was amazing , price is excellent for all you can eat , the desserts are amazing. If we did n't have so much to see and do we would definitely have eaten here every night. The pool and spa area is great- some people are put off at having to shower before going in it but we took that as excellence on behalf of hotel management for excellence in health/hygiene awareness. Overall we loved our stay and will definitely go back in the future .

stayed here on a stop over to Bali for 2 nights from UK. Hotel was great in good location and very plush. We arrived jet lagged and basically despite our best intentions had to have a snooze. The hotel offers a shuttle to the tube stations including the airport shuttle. Get yourself the 24 hour travel card for the tube , as its good value. Ask for a high up room and be cheeky asking for a free room upgrade , telling them its your anniversary / birthday etc. It worked for us. Staff great and really could not fault hotel. Its in Northern Kowloon , near to many of the markets and then end of Nathan Road. Travel tips - Go early to the Victoria Peak Tram to avoid crowds , on the way stop by any of the parks to see the tai chi people . Peak is Great view and a must. Get to the &quot ; Big Buddah&quot ; and temples and if possible port Stanley. The day markets are an eye opener but close about 6 , and of an evening go to temple street and Nathan road for shops stalls and food galore. At 8pm every night , theres a free light show , and the best view point is the stars boulevard. All theskyscrapers have a light show to music , its incredible. Make sure you also go on the star ferry that runs between HK Island and Kowloon .

we booked this holiday ourselves much cheaper than with a t/agent we found it very humid to be expected this time of year,we did a lot of research onthe net helped heaps,we did d/land,ocean-park,we also bought visas and went to shenzen 4 a days shopping they call shenzen copy city and they are not wrong just 35 mins from our hotel by train,everything we bought at lo-wu shopping centre was50-70 percent cheaper than anywere in h.k.it is wotrh the trip h.k a spotlees city all public-transport runs like clock-work,our hotel spacious room 1k-size and d-bed staff are helpful and polite stay on 8th floorwe will be back in dec 10 to see xmas lights and of course shenzen shopping

situated in Mongkok over a large shopping Mall this 5 star elegant hotel is extremely well done and a good value .

this is my second review for this hotel and the stay was just as good as the first .

it is a very nice hotel , clean beautiful furnitured rooms. The hotel has good restaurants and it 's built next to a mall but main shopping street or even the city center is also not far , nice walk. We are glad we 've discovered it , not expensive worth every penny ! My stay was a five star .

we 've been in Hong Kong for 3 days and 3 nigths .

service was excellent , with the all you can eat buffet breakfast providing an excellent range .

we only stayed here for two nights but wish it had been longer. Everything that has been said in previous reviews is true. We had booked a Club room and were upgraded to a room at the end of the corridor which , although involved a long walk from the lifts was well worth the effort. The suite was brilliant with lovely views. We were surprised at the quality and quantity of hot food in the lounge and only expected it in the evenings. But it was on for most of the day. The staff could n't have been nicer. We could only get a later check out until 2pm and our filght was n't until 10pm but th gave us a card which allowed us to us the lifts and the pool changing rooms. Thet also invited us to use the lounge with the free benefits until we were ready to leave so we did n't miss not having access to a room during that time. The only downside was the walk to the metro which was a bit long. The hotel shuttle bus was only every hour and it was suggested that we take the number 1 service bus from right outside the hotel. It cost $ 5 and took us right to the star ferry. We did n't wait more than five minutes for a bus. Although the taxis were very cheap they seemed to get caught up intraffic which the bus did n't. Would certainly go back to this hotel next time .

we stayed for 20 days in Royal plaza hotel and enjoyed the place very much.. The hotel is connected to a huge mall with verity of restaurants and shops. There is a bus that takes you to the heart of Hong Kong where you can shop , eat and enjoy the views. The bus leaves every 30 min or so and it 's free of charge. The rooms are super clean and fancy. The staff are helpful and friendly. Our rooms were on the last floor &quot ; 18&quot ; which was the executive floor. The location is just perfect .

this hotel is very nicely located in local neighbourhood. And there is metro station in a shopping centre underneath this hotel. Hong Kong ` s metro must be world ` s most clean and safest. Use it to go anywhere you want .

very accessible to Mongkok area and MTR. Rooms huge for the price Got a low seasons early bird discount at $ 150 per night . Would recommend .

my husband and I have just returned home from a three week stay at the Royal Plaza Hotel in the Kowloon area of Hong Kong .

we stayed there for 7 nights and checked in around 7 in the evening. As soon as we got off the Airport Free Shuttle bus , the porter was very helpful and helped us with our luggage. Then we went straight to the reception and the room was ready for us. The lobby was big , luxurious looking and very clean. Staff at the reception was very friendly and helpful too , since we asked about the La Scala buffet .

i stayed at this hotel last year and it was fantastic and very reasonable , so when travelling to Hong Kong again , it was a logical choice. The hotel is attached to a large shopping mall , which also has a station , so though the location is not great , its very easy and cheap to jump on the MTR and get around most of the best areas .

i have a bit mixed feelings about this hotel. We arrived a bit early and couldn â € ™ t get a room right away when we arrived they said that please come back after 3 hours . I totally understand the check in policy and we knew we were going to be there a bit early I had sent an email informing that if just possible , we would be very glad to get a room . We waited for half an hour in the lobby and saw people checking in. I went to the front desk again and asked if there could be a room for us as well and suddenly there was. I â € ™ m glad I opened my mouth and didn â € ™ t wait for 3 hours .

my wife I have just returned from one week in this hotel. When we first arrived we were very impressed with the plush large and welcoming reception area. Considering what we paid for the room we were very impressed at the interior it is worthy a of a five star hotel. The reception were very friendly and invited us to check the executive floor. This turned out however to really be an opportunity for the hotel sell us an upgrade to include breakfast There was no problem however when we turned this down but it was nice to check-in in relative as opposed to standing in reception .

the Royal Plaza is in a fabulous location , within walking distance to all the famous markets. It is perfect for shopping. It ias also situated adjacent to a train station so travel around Hong Kong via their impressive rail system is very easy. The hotel rooms are lovely , and the whole place is immaculate. Service is outstanding. The restaurants serve good food , especially the buffet dinner which is reasonably priced and a real winner. The extra price for the executive lounge is well worth it .

stayed for 3 nights and got a great bargain with Agoda. Checked in after a late flight was a breeze , the room on the executive floor was very spacious and nice , if not particularly modern. Location is great , very close to the street markets of Mongkok , the flower and bird market , too .

stayed the last 4 nights and was very comfortable. I prefer the location as it is out of the tourist traps of TST , and if you do want to visit that area there is a shuttle I never used it . There is easy access to the MTR with Mong Kok East station pretty much right beside the hotel , actually you do n't even need to go outside. Also a free shuttle to and from Kowloon Airport express station , or it is a short cab ride .

i looked for ages for this hotel , and was referred to it by both my travel agent and a friend who visited a year before. It looked very expensive and took me many nights surfing the net to find the best deal : zuji Â £ 46/night superior dbl bed inc. 10 % discount and 2 day free breakfasts. I booked a month in advanced , gave then a couple of requirements rooms closeby to friends , non smoking , not on ground floor etc and upon arrival , i was greeted by a grande entrance and a handful of bellboys eager to greet and help us with luggage. Check in was very smooth , and although we paid for the lowest graded room , we were upgraded to a deluxe without asking along with my 3 other friends ! We was quickly shown to our rooms , floor 15 , ours right near the elevators. huge bed , luxurious bed sheet , gigantic window with a view of the hotel pool below. The bathroom was clean , marbled , complimentary soaps etc. There is a mini bar , long mirror , chest of drawers , wardrobe , safe , coffee table , sofa , TV , dressing table , office desk and chair,internet , huge curtains and bedside tables. aircon/ heating also comp. to rooms.Everything was free apart from the minibar. It was pure luxury especially when so humid and hot outside .

our stay during the New Year 's eve was excellent. I specially liked the central location of the hotel with the Grand Central shopping complex and quite close to most tourist attractions of Kowloon island .

we stayed here at the end of May with our 2 children ages 7 and 9 . I initially booked a Superior Room at a great rate through www.booking.com and when we arrived we were offerred an upgrade to the Executive Club for just A $ 55 extra per day .

my company puts us up at this hotel because of cost and location near KCR train , and I have stayed about 12 or 13 times over the last several years. At first , I hated it. At times I have run across loud trashy tour group guests with children , ear splitting lounge singer/act in the lobby , loud door slamming early in the morning by housekeeping staff. But after a while , and if I stay on the club floor and can use the executive lounge without too many of a certain &quot ; unsavory/gluttonous&quot ; variety of tourists in it , the hotel can be homey and welcoming .

i have spent one night in this hotel on a short business trip to Hong Kong - my first visit. I booked an executive room , and was delighted to be upgraded on arrival into a deluxe suite which was very extravagent , but nevertheless lovely .

we were a group of 5 adults and 2 kids and we had booked 2 family rooms , which were quite spacious. The good thing is the location , the famous Ladies market is just a five mins walk plus there is a big shopping mall which is connected to the hotel , which has got a good food court. This hotel has a regular bus service to the star ferry point , so there was no problem in commuting too. The buffet breakfast which was a part of the package was very scrumptious and had a wide variety. Only while returning from star ferry to hotel one had to match the bus timings which were once every hour or one could take a taxi which used to cost HKD 40. The staff was quite courteous .

i 've always stayed at this hotel everytime i go to Hong Kong. last year just b4 the olympics08 , stayed for 2weeks... room is very modern , with LCD tv , tea and coffee making facility,fridge , air conditionin , u can set at ur temp. It is at a very central location easy reach of the main shopping markets , if u know the area. its beside a shopping mall , so instead of wastin ur money on breakfast at the hotel , just go over to the food court in the shoppin mall , it has a wide variety of choices , and alot cheaper. thers a cinema as soon as u walk through to the mall frm the hotel , which is great. the train is exactly frm the shoppin mall , if u take it to Sha Tin , it stops at another shoppin mall which is alot bigger than the one beside the hotel. mong gok central is bout 15minutes walk frm hotel thru the shoppin mall. or if u cnt b bothered walkin , share a taxi , it wudnt jump as it so close so it cost bout hk $ 15. overall is a great hotel , for central location , easy reach of anything. wud definately stay ther again !

loved the fact hotel is next to cinema and shopping mall. McDonalds and KFC in the food court . Easy to get cabs to and from hotel. Airport Express has a free shuttle that runs every 20 minutes between hotel and Kowloon Station. The hotel also has a shuttle bus that runs throughout the day and early evening to Tsim Tsa Tsui next to Peninsula Hotel . If that is not enough , the MTR Mong Kok East station is next door and one can travel to New Territories , Shenzhen , or go to Tsim Sha Tsui East Station for a easy interchange to MTR trains going to Hong Kong Island. I found the breakfast buffet price to be quite expensive but they did have a great selection. Bathrooms have good water pressure and hot water , good air conditioning , and each room has a fridge and mini bar .

the staff at checkin were really friendly and helpful.. The MTR has free airport bus transfer from Kowloon station to this hotel which is a big bonus. Great location for shopping as located next to large shopping centre and Mongkok shopping area. Good value as well .

we picked this hotel after reading reports that the rooms were good sizes and at 6ft tall this was important to us. We got a great deal by booking through the hotel website and got a 2 for 1 nights in a suite. Room clean and spacious , just a little cool in temperature .

i chose this hotel because of the descent reviews. Although the lobby was nicely decorated and the rooms were nicely fashioned , I felt right away that our every move was being monitored. You ca n't even get on the elevator without someone asking from your name and room number. Which I guess is okay for security reasons , but when we went to breakfast the next morning someone stood over us until we paid. It almost felt like they thought we were going to walk out. It was really annoying. We felt like we were being watched all the time. The electricity in the room would brown out several times a day. Unfortunately , I had to make several calls back home to check on a sick relative. The connection was poor and I kept having to be reconnected by an operator. I was charged $ 5.00 each time and even after I explained that I was getting disconnected they did n't waive any fees. Also , I was charged 80 cents a minute when I was told that the rate was 8 cents a minute. When I tried to dispute some charges on my bill I was told that I would be arrested by the Front Desk manager if I did n't sign my receipt. Unfortunately , Amex did n't do anything for me. Overall it was a miserable experience. It was too far from Nathan Rd and the Jade markets. We had to take 2 trains to get there. The flower market and ladies market were nearby , but there was n't the deals that I was expecting in China no fault of the hotel . Unless you do n't mind the overbearing security , the wiring problems , the phone line problems , the expensive rates and overpriced buffet , I would n't recommend staying at the Royal Plaza .

we stayed at Royal Plaza Hotel in April 2009. Everything was perfect. The prices were much cheaper than any other five star hotel. we got the executive upgrade for about $ 60 AUS extra. This is excellent value if you want internet round the clock , good breakfast , afternoon tea and alcoholic drinks in the evening. Plus snacks more like meals at anytime throughout the day. You would not have to buy any other food the whole stay and it was all very nice. The rooms were large a family room with kitchenette-easily fit three people if neededand a deluxe room and very comfortable and the service was friendly and always helpful. The pool/spa/gym were first class also.The location was great for us. one train ride to shenzen 25 minutes from station under hotel and a short walk to prince edward station to train line over to island etc. A shuttle service was handy to get to TST if you do n't want to get train. The hotel is across the road from flower and bird markets which are lovely to visit early morning and easy walk to Ladies market plus a few other markets. Personally I think this is a better location than down in TST which is to touristy and noisy. Also buy the octopus card on arrival at airport. it is very useful with transport etc so you do n't need to stand in long lines. I would highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again myself if I go back to HK in the future. I telephoned before booking and got a cheaper rate than internet price so maybe ring first and check prices .

we stayed for 5 nights in the Royal Plaza Hotel and liked it very much. The room was spacious , quiet and the furniture was fine with a safe . There is a very nice swimming pool on the 8th floor and also a good fitness room. Internet access is not free however , it costs HK $ 40,00 per hour wired or 140 HK $ per day wired or Wi-Fi and the connection is a bit slow. The location of the hotel was perfect for us. The hotel is attached to the Grand Century Shopping Centre which is very practical. The subway runs beneath the hotel. In no time you reach the Mong Kok East station from the lobby of the hotel , through the adjoining shopping centre when staying for a few days , buy an octopus card for the MTR , busses , ferry lines , 7-eleven supermarkets etc. , HK 150,00 including a refundable HK 50,00 deposit . Unlike other reviews suggest I believe the railway line was extended in 2008 , this is a practical rail link. Every 2 minutes or so a train departs to East Tsim Sha Tsui station. To reach HK Island you can either walk from there â € “ underground â € “ to the Tsim Sha Tsui station and take an MTR train to central or leave the underground city and walk to the star ferry. Within 5 minutes walking distance from the hotel the bird garden and the flower market are located , nice for a short visit. At night - when the MTR is closed - take a taxi back cheap ! . The staff was very friendly , though checking in and out can take some time. The La Scala hotel restaurant has a fine dinner buffet. The breakfast buffet is fine with a lot of choice. We booked the hotel together with the flight from AMS to HK in an economical Cathay Pacific Package therefore I don â € ™ t know the price we paid for the hotel and were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel .

we were coming from Guangzhou on the express train to Hong Kong. It is about two hours by train from Guangzhou East Rail Station to Hong Kong â € ™ s Hung Hom Station. It was an easy transfer to the MTR metro and then one stop to the Mong Kok East Station to get to the Royal Plaza Hotel .

a little out of the way in HK terms being up in Mong Kok but this is a nice and relatively spacious hotel .

hotel itself is very nice. Beautiful pool , fitness centre etc. Rooms a good size although the double beds were a bit small. We had 2 double beds for 2 adults and 1 child. Beautiful bathroom. Electric jug , fridge and in room safe. Not a bad view from the 11th floor. Attached to a shopping centre which is handy. A good local market 5 minutes walk away. Train stations nearby. Also bus stops very close. A little way from star ferry and more tourist oriented shopping areas , but hotel has free shuttle service which runs at set times which was very good. FYI , taxi to airport cost 250HKD .

this hotel is great for those who wants to shop the flea markets and shopping streets of mongkok. Everything is in mongkok ! I especially liked the spacious room and it 's bathroom. Swimming pool is nice and you can just relax your tired feet in the jacuzzi :

this is my third stay at the Royal Plaza and as usual we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves - two friends with our two 11 year old daughters. The Executive Floor is excellent with good service and generous size guest rooms. The swimming pool is enormous , as is the spa. It is well located for tourists - quite near to all the highlights of Kowloon , especially the Ladies Market and Jade Markets. The mall next door offers all the usual Hong Kong brands without having to take a taxi or MTR. I recommend spending the extra for the Executive Floor - complimentary breakfast can be taken at the restaurant La Scala or on the club floor , there are complimentary soft drinks , tea , coffee and biscuits available throughout the day , canapes and drinks in the evenings .

we asked to have a later check-out and were offered to pay for the executive club that has 4pm check-out. We took it. The room was a joke being in an executive level. The bathroom was smelly , the towels smelled like cigarettes non-smoking room . The internet connection did not work and there was no sign of the &quot ; welcome chocolate&quot ; , just to mention few flaws .

we 've been to HongKong a number of times and stayed at other hotels but none of these could beat our overall experience during our recent stay at this hotel. From the moment we checked in until our departure , we find the staff friendly , very informative and professional in conduct.....from the Executive Lounge staff right down to Engineering staff that we passed in the corridors .

it 's my first trip to HK and we chose this hotel .

we took a taxi from the airport because it is really not easily accessible either by mrt or the citybus. The trip with 2 luggages is slightly less than hkd300. Like many travellers had said , the walk to the mtr is a real killer , especially with a lazy 4yr old in tow. Twice , we took a taxi from Fa Yuen Street back to the hotel. Yeh , we lost our way. And its not even my first trip to hk. The Century Mall connected to the hotel is nothing fantastic .

i stayed in this hotel for 7 nights and I would certainly give a good 4.5 stars for this hotel .

royal Plaza Hotel is located at Prince Edward Road West Mongkok , next to Grand Century Place Shopping Mall. The bedrooms are spacious , clean with big wardrobe , safe box and ironing board. Hotel staff are friendly. The only drawback is that the nearest MTR Station Prince Edward Station is about 10 mins walk and may be tiring for young children or old folks with walking problem. Otherwise , this is a great hotel , value for $ $ $ . Additional + , the famous 'Tai Cheong eggtarts ' are sold at the foodcourt on L5 at Grand Century Place Shopping mall .

me &amp ; my husband with our two kids stayed here for 6 days. I booked thru the net a month ahead.I booked for a superior non-smoking and corner room. I communicated to Cherry Wan one of their reservationsales agent for my requests and thanks to her. We checked in without hassle and was billeted to a family room instead ! We had a great view in our room 15th floor . Every morning before going out we took a dip in their swimming pool at the 8th floor.The kids loved it.It 's a musical pool you can hear musuc when you 're in the water. The service was very good. The staff 's accomodating. A big mall Grand Century is adjacent to the hotel. MTR stations a walk away. You get good value for your money.On our next trip to Hongkong , for sure we 'll stay here again .

stayed there for a few times arranged by my partner as his company always put him there when he is on business trip and he likes it. Like other past review has stated that it is not exactly in central location but the taxi in Hong Kong is so cheap and handy who needs to stay in the city centre where you have to pay 2 or even 3 times of the price we paid ? The rooms are spacious compare to local standard. Although the deluxe room seem a bit dated and need some update. we have been upgraded to their executive room once and we love that. a very morden looking room it is. Too bad we were told upon check in that we are not allowed to use their facilities there as it seems nice enough. Overall we like this hotel and we will definately be back .

after I made the reservation to the hotel I had email in advance for an upgrade as I had stay here numerous time before and was always upgraded. This hotel is not the greatest but I stay here out of habit .

we stayed at Royal Plaza hotel for around 5 days last January and we enjoyed our stay .

stayed here a couple of times and luckily got upgraded to the executive floor in a few different occasions. Their rooms are spacious for Hong Kong standards and inside the room , it 's surprisingly quiet considering that they are right on top of the train station .

good hotel , clean and staff is efficient. A bit far from the main attractions HK island , salisbury , etc but the hotel is connected with 2 subway stations so it makes it OK. The hotel is attached to a mall which is good to find cheap resto. A must : Maxim 's resto on the 8th floor of the mall. Overall , I would recommend this hotel .

the hotel , conveniently attached to a mall , is also located less than 10 mins by foot to the street markets of Mongkok. The room I was in overlooked the flower market , which was a hive of activity pre- Chinese New Year. The famed Ladies Market is little further away however .

a big hotel quite a long way from the tourist and business areas , I got upgraded to executive floor but was told I had to pay $ 400HK to use the facilities .

the hotel is located in Mong Kok - not smack bang in the middle , but only a very short walking distance to Mong Kok station , ladies market/shopping district. A very convenient location as it is connected to a large shopping centre , which also links to Mong Kok East station MTR . The hotel also provides free shuttle buses to and from Tsim Sha Tsui .

we booked 2 connecting rooms but sadly all non smoking rooms were full. The rooms were really smoky and smells of strong cigarette puffs which makes very uncomfortable. Overall , housekeeping service was very good. Concierge needs to improve on manners and service. I could not even ask for newspapers and was asked to pay for it. No such thing as borrowing papers in Royal Plaza .

i stayed at the Royal Plaza with my husband &amp ; 2 teenagers. We had booked 2 rooms. When we arrived we were told that we had been upgraded to the executive floor , but had no access to any of the amenities. Access to the executive floor was via elevator to the 8th floor and then we had take the stairs to our rooms. 1 room was fine , but the 2nd room was smelly like it was damp . We asked to change rooms , which they did , but the new room stunk of smoke , even though it is a non-smoking floor. Finally we got a room that was ok. The rooms were reasonably spacious. Breakfast was included and was ok. The variety was reasonable and flavour was fine. I was impressed that they had soy milk !

we stayed at the Royal Plaza Mongkok during Dec 24-28. The hotel made our trip a totally unpleasant HK trip I 've ever had .

i was in HK &amp ; Macau for a short vacation with family and my in-laws who are elderly. Knowing that hotels in HK are pricey and generally have small rooms after a bit of research mainly on Trip Advisor I chose this hotel. My key considerations in choosing this hotel was the ranking on Trip Advisor , comments from members , room rate , location and proximity to subway stations .

had an excellent time at this hotel. Stayed in a family room , which is a queen bed and a single meant for 3 but we stayed the four of us . It had a simple cooking area and a microwave , and was quite spacious / enough for our needs. It is a bit of a walk from Mongkok station it is very near east mongkok , but that station is less connected to where we tended to want to go , but there is a covered walkway to mongkok station. Furthermore on the way back we could stop by to get fruits or other things we needed. Ladies and other markets were quite near by. To put it into perspective , we needed to walk quite a bit no matter where we went in hong kong , so it was n't bad at all. If you are muslim then Islam food on Lung Kong road is excellent - around HK30 each way for taxi. The hotel has a shopping center attached , with a mcdonalds .

i spent numerous weeks researching a HK hotel that could provide a FAMILY room as that 's what we normally prefer , plus also due to the expense. I thought I 'd hit the jackpot when i finally found a HK hotel with a decent family room .

we 3 adults + 2 kids stayed at Royal Plaza for 4 nites with connecting rooms. Room are spacious with a queen bed , 2 seat couch , coffee table , kitchen facilities e.g. sink , microwave , fridge , cabinet , etc .

great hotel in excellent location. Large rooms , a little bit outdated but very clean and comfortable. Shopping Centre next door with MTR Mong Kok a short walk way. Direct access to Lo Wu for shopping in Shenzhen .

i booked the Royal Plaza hotel because it had a great rate that included breakfast and free internet. The room 1551 was very nice and had a decent territorial view. The bathroom was rather luxurious .

this hotel is in a great location on Kowloon Island. It is within walking distance to the Prince Edward Metro Station and also to the attractions of the Flower Market and the Bird Garden. It is also close to the electronics district. We visited the hotel in September and it exceeded all our expectations. The hotel is modern and located right next to a large shopping centre with all the shops you could wish for. The rooms are really well appointed and modern and above all clean , cool and quiet. They also offer Wi-Fi at a cost. The pool is fantastic and provides a lovely getaway after a day of walking , sightseeing and shopping. It has a lovely setting and the music playing underwater is very calming. We experienced one of the restaurants which was buffet style but also served a-la-carte meals. We wanted to dine at the other restaurant , but because of the mid-autumn festival we were unable to do so as the restaurant was booked out in advance. Our only minor grievance was that at check out we had a long wait as a whole load of new guests had arrived in addition to a load of others checking out at the same time as us. This is hardly the fault of the staff who handled the crowd well. In short , we would happily stay at this hotel again as it provides a great launching pad to seeing all the sights of Hong Kong .

stayed here with family in two rooms , same floor. Having often stayed on the island , we were a bit unsure of how we would take to the Kowloon experience. As seasoned frequent travellers around most of the world , can say with complete candour that this is my first and only choice for Hong Kong in the future. Staff at the desk , on the floors , in the business centre , restaurants and health club areas were all attentive , polite and ultra competent. The restaurants all provided such an array of choice for any meal that we could n't fail to find lots to please. And with a huge and diverse mall adjoining , along with &quot ; real street life&quot ; within a block away with its combination of local shopping and food options , this was an ideal blend of posh inside , and genuine Hong Kong outside .

stayed here for a week. Got upgraded to a large family room. Hubby and I were very happy with the space , it was like an apartment. Particularly good value for stays of a week long as they built additional discounts in for a longer stay .

stayed at the Royal Plaza in early October '08. Check-in was pretty smooth. We stayed in a suite which seemed to be bigger compared to other hotel rooms in the same area .

this is my second time staying in the hotel and i have got to say the experience of staying at the same hotel a second time is totally different .

our group went on a short trip to hk last october 2008. i searched the hotel before leaving manila and found out it was 4-star category , and the location was quite far from downtown the nathan road thereabouts but near the mongkok area .

i stayed here for a single night on a business trip and when I arrived my room was not ready. I had to hang around in queues which seem to be a feature of the hotel for quite a while. In addition the hotel is off the beaten track and the hotel shuttle bus driver from the airport seemed reluctant to take me there and would n't give me a receipt. The hotel seems to cater for the Chinese market and some staff had difficulty understanding English. The hotel is adjacent to a shopping mall but is otherwise quite a distance from any of the tourist sites or the downtown area. When I checked out I again had to join the endless queues and was n't give a receipt which I still have to chase. Breakfast however was great , plenty of whatever you could want. This hotel seems to cater for large numbers of guests but could do with more staff to cope with them .

the Royal Plaza was perfect ! The location was convenient , the service impeccable , the rooms were large , very clean and comfortable. Room service was fabulous. The easy access to trains and subways made getting around simple and fun !

the Royal Plaza has a slightly dated but elegant charm. We were upgraded on arrival to an Executive Room but instructed not to use the Executive Lounge - this did n't bother us , we were n't fussed about getting a few extra snacks or drinks. Room was excellent and difficult to fault - it was clean , nicely laid out and the bed was comfortable. The view was also fairly stunning and very to different to the much talked about Harbour views of Tsim Sha Tsui .

i stayed at royal plaza for four night during my family trip to hongkong. I fell unhappy when i know that this hotel is far from the harbour. This makes my dream to have a hongkong bay panoramic window dissapeared. But , royal plaza hotel keep impressed me continously during my that make me glad to choose this hotel. The hotel lobby was very glamour despite it 's an old hotel. The front desk staff was helpful and nice. In my first night i was upgraded to the club room. The room is new and stylish with new furniture and modern electronic devices. The bathroom was good in size and luxurious. I can not enjoy the club floor lounge because we 're arrived late night .

my children and I stayed here for 3 nights before going to mainland China at the end of July. This is our first time coming to Hong Kong so I was very cautious. We booked for around $ 125/night through continental.com after going over almost all the good review hotels in Hong Kong with fare price and convenient location. We are all very impressed and my children begged me to come back in future .

stayed at the Royal Plaza for a romantic long weekend in September 2008 .

stayed 3 nights Thurs , Fri &amp ; Sat in an Executive Club room. Got a 3 nights for the price of 2 special direct on the Hotel website worked out to be about $ 150AUD per night .

me n family enjoyed our 3 nites there.Room was huge and spaciouscompare to others HKG hotels.Service was great.Breakfast was excellent !

a very nice 4 star hotel. Me and my wife loved the swimming pools especially the hot water with jakuji pool . Breakfasts were very good with lots of options. Staff was very polite and helpful. Also the location of the hotel was easy to travel to and from any place. A clean and nice place to stay with an average price .

this trip to Hong Kong was the first for me and I 'm so glad I chose the Royal Plaza Hotel .

i stayed four nights at Royal Plaza with my boyfriend. It is highly recommended for couples. Our room is on the highest floor and is furnished with executive design , very clean and neat. The room service is excellent ! They will tidy the room and replenish all the shampoo , tissue and even slippers supplies daily. They are thoughtful when they clean the room that that they will place the mineral water and cup by the sides of the bed and slippers underneath the bed .

the Royal Plaza hotel is ok , but the Monkok &quot ; East&quot ; station is incovenient if anyone knows the MTR Subway lay out of Hong Kong. While the &quot ; east&quot ; line at Mongkok station is new , that line is kind of a hassle when connecting to other stations and lines there. Very out of the way. Also , that station is actually a pretty good walk away from the hotel. I was under the impression that it was in the same MongKok station as the Langham with the same super nice mall there as well. Not so. That hotel Langham is in the regular &quot ; Mongkog&quot ; station , not Mongkok East. The Royal Plaza does connect to a very nice mall though and it has an ok food floor court. The mall and food court at the regular Mongkok station is far better !

stayed for 8 days

it 's much more civilised to break your trip to Australia with a stopover , and Hong Kong remains popular. We spent two nights unwinding at this very grand hotel situated in Kowloon and with far -reaching views of the ubiquitous skyline that is the hall mark of this great city .

location

we stayed here on a group tour of China. I do n't usually stay in places this fancy when I travel on my own , so this place was quite a treat. The room was spacious and beautiful , and fully outfitted with a kitchenette .

stayed at this Hotel on the first leg of a world trip. Was a great start to our trip with nothing to complain about here. Room was very spacious with Flat Screen TV with English channels. Pool and Spa was great , Breakfast was reasonably priced and a huge choice from Western and Asian foods. Only minus for us was our friends lived on Hong Kong Island and this Hotel is in Kowloon so if you want to see more of Hong Kong Island you would need to stay there. The trains are great but still takes a good 30 - 40 minutes to get there .

stayed at the royal plaza for 5 nights. very large room , flat screen tv with lots of channels. Next to a shopping mall and 10 mins walk to 2 subway stations ; one can be walked to without going outside. lovely outdoor pool and hottub. only annoyance was staff ringing to find out when they could clean the room when a do not disturb sign was on , which kinda defeats the purpose of the sign ! apart from that , no complaints. would go back .

took the Chinaspree 15 day China and Hong Kong tour. This hotel was one of the many throughout the trip. This was the best. Great staff , great location , great rooms , great lobby .

this was my favorite hotel on a Chinaspree tour in China and Hong Kong. I would rate this hotel 5 * . The rooms were spacious and had the finest sheets 1000 thread I 've ever slept on. We had a great view of the city. We ate at the restaurant in the lobby and it has a good selection of Western food. The hotel is adjacent to a huge modern shopping mall. My only complaint was that they wanted a deposit to use the phone , even for a toll free call they charge $ 4 per call .

we stayed at the hotel for two nights. Then we tried to book one more night but the hotel was fully booked and we had to search another hotel .

it was a great hotel , with the Mong Kok east station below it. Prince Edward station was 10 mins away and Tsim Sha Tsui a major tourist area was 12 mins away by taxi. The prices were quite competitive and there is a free shuttle bus from the hotel to Tsim Sha Tsui , which compensated for its slightly inconvenient location .

the hotel is very accessible since it is adjacent to the East Rail Line. It also has a shuttle going to Tsim Sha Tsui. The nearby mall offers many retail stores. It is also a 10 min walk to the Mongkok street market .

we did n't spend much time at the hotel because it in a great location. You can catch the sub into Hong Kong , or take the other train inland. Both terminals are very close. The hotel is located right in the the heart of shopping in Kowloon. The only complaints with this hotel is the hard beds and cold hot tub .

stayed at the Royal Plaza Hotel from March 29th-April 6th. Overall experiece very positive .

i together with my elderly mom and best friend stayed at the Royal Plaza Hotel in Kowloon , Hong Kong from April 5-8 , 2008 and it was stay fit for Royalty ! I love the interiors from the lobby to the hallways to the rooms ! When I arrived , there was a long queue at the check-in counter but service was truly efficient. We stayed in a family room one single and one queen sized bed which I booked thru www.agoda.com. I thought I got a bargain but when I checked the hotel website I found out that I paid slightly higher so better reserve thru www.royalplaza.com.hk/ to get a better deal ! My deal comes without breakfast but you can go to any restaurant nearby !

do n't be put off by hotel 's location , Airport Express to Kowloon and the K6 coach to the hotel 's front door takes care of your arrival and departure , and the local MTR station less than 10 minutes stroll through the flower market gives rapid access to much of Kowloon and the main island attractions .

we stayed at the Royal Plaza Hotel from March 27-30 , 2008 and it is by far the best hotel experience we had in HK. We were pleasantly surprised of the clean , big rooms ! much bigger than those of the other hotels we 've stayed in in HK . We requested for 2 connecting rooms and was impressed when the reception staff upgraded us to the 18th floor where 2 connecting rooms were available. Breakfast is good too !

i spent a week here in March and I was n't impressed. The hotel is ok but nothing out of the ordinary. It was my first visit to Hong Kong and if I had to book a hotel for a new trip I would chose on close to the harbour overlooking the beatiful views there. Kowloon is a bit like the backstreets of Shanghai so if it 's a &quot ; Chinese&quot ; experience you 're after go for this hotel. If you 're after a more upscale , Euro/US like stay go for Hong Kong Island .

we stayed at the Royal Plaza for 4 nights at the end of our honeymoon. From start to finish it was a complete disaster .

stayed at the Royal Plaza Hotel on our way to Australia. Did a 2 night stopover in Hong Kong. Had no problems checking in and our room was huge. Could n't ask for a better location , and a shuttle bus took us back to the airport was n't expensive After a long day shopping , we booked into the spa for a full body massage and reflexology , for the 2 treatments it cost Â £ 50 and was worth every penny. We were pampered for 2 hours by adorable staff they did n't speak much English , but had fun trying . Could n't fault the hotel in any way , and what a bonus to have the shopping mall on your doorstep .

i have stayed at the Royal Plaza in Mong Kok several times over the last year after trying other hotels in Hong Kong. Each stay has been consistently excellent. There are many good reviews about this hotel so instead let me share some insight , especially for US travelers .

we stayed at Royal Plaza between 26 Feb - 1 Mar this year. Arrived in the evening after a long flight. Check-in was smooth &amp ; was upgraded to deluxe room at no extra cost. I had requested to stay on higher floor &amp ; on a non-smoking level and I got it. Our accomodation incl. b/f at La Scala rest. Good range &amp ; service effiecient. Staff &amp ; expecially to Houskeeping were always very friendly. H/k is very fast to make room ie we went down to have breakfast &amp ; when we returned , toiletries were topped up , beds were made. RP is above Grand Century Place &amp ; connected to a big shopping mall. Also , East Mongkok mtr is under shopping complex. So , even though it may be far from the cbd , transportion makes it easy for one to travel between areas. This is the first time visit to HK for us , I can that HK has the best transport system , very user friendly. Overall , I will not hesitate to stay at Royal Plaza for my next visit .

we stayed at this hotel for seven nights with our 5 year old daughter. The room was large with a settee and kitchen area which meant we had use of a full sized fridge and a small freezer compartment. The hotel was clean and the heated outside swimming pool was nice. When we went swimming a lifeguard was on hand .

we just came back from a two night stay at the Royal Plaza Hong Kong and were not impressed with the hotel. Firstly , the lobby area has a certain smell which is very off putting. The hotel was not able to provide us with one bed and we asked if any upgrades were available. We were given the option of upgrading to a suite for $ 50-60 extra a night. Sounded reasonable so decided to go for it. Upon entering the &quot ; suite&quot ; , I was dismayed to say the least. The &quot ; suite&quot ; had a couch that looked beat up and just plain dirty. The kitchenette area may be useful to families , but just gave the room an outdated look. Due to the pool renovation , we could hear a constant and loud hammering noise from our room. I asked the front desk to switch rooms and was given a room on the Executive/Club level and was pleasantly surprised. Although it took us almost 30 mins to get to the new room , as the new hotel keys we were given , would not operate the executive floor and had to go back and forth with the front desk. Our new room was a vast improvement - looked modern and clean and bonus included the afternoon snacks and cocktails in the club room .

we needed a hotel with a great location and found it. We were upgraded to the executive suite so it made it even better. The staff are very friendly and helpful. We have 2 kids 15 , 11 and therefore needed to pay for a supplement bed. However our stay was still great. It is linked to a big mall that is opened late .

we me , my husband &amp ; our 2 toddlers stayed at Royal Plaza hotel for 2 nights , the hotel 's good , the staff were great. We really like the location of the hotel , because it 's very near to MTR east mongkok station. We would come back there again...Love it , even though it 's not in the tourist area but near to lots of other places.. .

thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Perfect location for what was our first visit to Hong Kong with transport systems being easily accessed from the Hotel .

my husband and I and our adult daughter spent four days at the Royal Plaza Hotel in January. Through Qantas we booked two rooms for which we had paid A $ 1000 in total for the four nights. We thought that was a very good price. We arrived at the hotel about three hours before check-in time and were unable to access our room until sometime after the official check-in time. This was because we were keen to have adjoining rooms with a connecting door on a non-smoking floor. There is a large shopping centre attached to the hotel so we used the break to rest , read or window shop .

stayed at several hotels in HK before and this one beats all the other ones comparing their prices. Lots of places to shop and eat. Check-in took a long time but after that it was wonderful ! There was a microwave , large refrigerator , stove , etc. in our room. Only stayed for 3 nights , too short ! Would love to stay there again .

stayed at Royal Plaza for 5 nights at the end of December. Several things I like it :

worth considering. The hotel room is big , spacious , clean and close to a major shopping centre. MTR is easily accessible. You can experience how the locals lives .

i stated at the hotel over the christmas vacation 2007. It was what could be expected and nothing to add to what the other reviewers have commented upon. However , I have stayed in several hotels in Hong Kong/ Kowloon and hasten to add i did not like the location/logisitcs of the hotel .

i stayed there for 2 nights on Jan 1st &amp ; 2nd .

above average hotel. Good service , more so on the effort than the actual service. Not as polished as some other places. Overall the staff was very helpful. Close to nightmarkets , about a 5-10min walk to the Prince Edward MTR Station. Conveniently located next to a mall. Maxim 's restraurant on the top floor of the mall. Nice clean updated rooms .

short review : best hotel for first timer to HK , family with little childre/eldery. Very recomended ! Big clean beds -big clean room/batroom , good price !

my wife , my 8 year old son and I had a pleasant stay at the Royal Plaza. The staff were courteous and efficient. Check-in was hassle-free. The superior room that we got was large by Hongkong standards. We got a double-double bed with each bed approximately 4 feet across. The room also came with a kitchenette which came in handy when heating up some snacks that we bought from the night market. The room was clean , except that the decor looked a bit tired. Also the bathroom tiles could do with a little bit of cleaning up as the mildew stains were quite visible. The hotel would do well with little extras like a daily newspaper and free wireless internet which the front desk said did not come with the package that I booked. As it was marketed as a five star hotel , these extras are what one would come to expect. The MTR station is just a short 10 min walk away along elevated sheltered walkways. There are lots of shops and eateries in the hotel 's vicinity , so you do n't really need to eat at the hotel. Cafe de coral and Fairwood can be found in the adjoining Grand Century Place Mall so you can practically have breakfast , lunch , tea and dinner there if you are not so adventurous. Btw I had a scrumptious hotpot dinner at Cafe de coral for only HK $ 45. A good dimsum place , called Maxim 's can also be found on the 7th floor of the Mall. If you are planning to go to Shenzhen , the train station is just practically downstairs at the Mall. On the whole , an above average stay barring those little shortcomings that I mentioned

this is a very nice hotel and one that is centrally located. The room was large for Hong Kong and nicely appointed. We ate in the hotel for a buffet dinner and breakfast and it was also very good with a lot of selection. It is attached to the Grand Century Place Mall which is a bit pricy , but worth a walk through. It was a short and inexpensive cab ride about US $ 5 to the Ladies market and the Avenue at the Stars at the waterfront. Overall , a pleasant stay , you wo n't be disappointed .

i have been staying at the RP for years now and every time I come to HK I re-book. It 's a friendly hotel and the service is commendable .

came across this hotel 7 years ago , when I was staying in Royal Park , Shatin. Back then , Royal Park was in the same group as this hotel ie. shared same shuttle bus and routes. Both are similarly linked to shopping centers and train stations , which are huge advantages for me. Just found out from recent trip , that both hotels are no longer linked. Still , the shuttle bus is still operating from this hotel to Tsim Tsa Tsui TST , which is another big advantage for me , considering how TST is a tourist location for sightseeing and shopping .

we stayed at the Royal Plaza for 4 nights. Upon arrival we were asked if we wanted to upgrade to an Executive Suite on the 14th floor. We decided that we would and the extra amount we paid was worth every cent. The price included , check in and out on the 14th floor , afternoon tea for 2 hours , evening cocktails for 2 hours , a daily paper , internet facilities &amp ; meeting facilities .

this hotel was such a plaesure to stay at we have an eight year old boy we booked a family room non smoking floor and it was just that not a hint of any smoke smell at all The staff were so friendly we arrived 7am we were in our room before 8am spacious and clean and the buffet breakfast is so good the location is great near all the markets which come alive at night transport friendly shopping friendly and the pool is wonderful with sauna and steam rooms too. we loved the way it was a way from nathan road but just two train stops away from anywhere so families and anyone book this wonderful hotel you will not regret it .the stevens

we just came back from HK and we stayed 5 nights in Royal Plaza. We loved the location of the hotel as we went with two children below 4 years old. It 's adjacent to the Grand Century Place mall with restaurants. Convenient for breakfast and dinner after a tiring day out. The 8th floor of the mall has a big restaurant with good dim sum which starts service at 11am. 7th floor has a Wellcome supermarket .

have just stayed for 5 nights in The Royal Plaza , Kowloon. On arrival , check-in took awhile and the staff did n't seem in any hurry to make it quicker ! The foyer is really nice , and we stayed in a family room to accomodate 3 adults. Rooms are n't very big , but ok as we were only really in them to sleep ! The only problem was that the beds were really hard but I think this is the case with all beds in hotels in Hong Kong !

i booked a executive club room using the hotel website. The accommodation was &quot ; sexy&quot ; , in the sense that it was spacious , cosy , comfortable .

this a great hotel to stay at. Good size rooms with concrete walls , slept like a baby. Facilities are excellent from breakfast/dining area to gym. Whole family loved it with shopping centre &amp ; MRT station very close. Staff were always ready to help and friendly. We travelled with 2 families , had 3 rooms and would not hestitate to stay there again .

excellent hotel in Kowloon with easy access to public transport. Hotel adjoins a shopping mall which makes for convenient shopping. Interesting street markets are a few minutes walk away .

we stayed at this hotel from 28th September to 4th October .

this is one of the biggest hotels in Hong Kong. As it is not very expensive compared to others , it is a good value .

as soon as we arrived at this hotel we were impressed with the look of it. The lobby was spacious and very bright. The reception area was easily located to the right of the main doors. The recptionists were very friendly and helpful. The hotel leads on to a large mall , which has 7 floors of shops. Ideal for the tourist who wants to splash out on things. We bought so much we had to buy another case to bring the presents home .

very nice hotel , for some reason got upgraded to an executive suite with 2 bathrooms. My only words of caution if you do n't know Hong Kong well is the location. You are a good 30 minute walk from the bay area and there is n't much of a view despite the height of anything but the run down Mong Kok area. Of course the magnificent underground its built on one of the stations helps you get around , but next time I 'll stay in one of the numerous hotels with views of iconic Hong Kong .

on our 4-week round-the-world trip , this was the joint-top hotel that we stayed in .

stayed here for three nights in August 07 .

my family and I stayed at the Royal Plaza Hotel early June this year for 2 nights , and I have to say , we had a wonderful time there. The hotel is attached to a shopping mall and an MTR mass transit railway station which can take you almost anywhere from Disneyland to Mainland China. A few minutes walk out of this hotel , and you will find thousands of shops and boutiques. Finding food outside this hotel is also within 5-10 minutes walk .

my husband and I stayed at the Royal Plaza for 2 weeks in March. We had previously stayed at the Hotel Concourse now the Metropark Mong Kok so were familiar with the area. We decided on the Royal Plaza because it seemed like a good deal for a great rate. We were not disappointed .

the hotel enterance is rather unique as it has a long drive way. Lucky we took a taxi and he knew where it was. The staff were friendly and helpful and the standard room was excellent .

when we first arrived at the Royal Plaza we were a little bit concerned about it 's location , the coach from the airport kept dropping people off and we were the last ones , seemingly getting further and further from the action. Quick tip , buy a return coach ticket from the airport , it 's $ 40 cheaper than buying it at the hotel

just got back from an eight-night stay at the Royal Plaza in Hong Kong , we paid for an upgrade to the executive floor during check in and it was well worth the extra cost wireless internet at the executive lounge , breakfast , afternoon tea and cocktail drinks daily plus being on the top floor with city view do n't even book here if you definitely want harbour view rooms - where it is located , it 's mission impossible .

my family and I spent 5 days in Hong Kong. This is the 5th time we have been to Hong Kong and we have constantly been disappointed with the standard and costs of the hotels. Until now .

my wife &amp ; myself had a maqrvelous 7 night stay there. The furnishing are in pristine condition in accord to 5 star standard , likewise for the toilet. Excellent view , very comfortable bed , what more can you ask. My room comes with a comfortable couch excellent for recieving friends &amp ; a kitchennette that comes with heating plate &amp ; microwave oven. No need for room service when you are hungry in the middle of the night .

i stayed at the RPH in Mongkok for a conference that I attended. I had a few extra work days there and a weekend â € “ staying there for over a week. It was definitely excellent value for the money. The room was good-sized â € “ as you can see from the pictures â € “ and had a lot of natural light thanks to a bay window. The view out the window was also not bad â € “ plenty of hills to look at and it was a rather open view with no tall building near it quite a rarity for the area I think . The working desk was good and handy , as was the little love seat which was a nice place to sit and unwind after a day of work. My room had a clock radio unlike another reviewer .

my wife and I just returned from an 8 night stay at the Royal Plaza. I booked an Executive Level room through the hotel web site. However , when we checked in at after midnight , they had filled all of their executive rooms. They put us in a two bedroom corner suite instead. The entire floor appeared to be recently renovated. The bed was comfortable and the bath linens were thick. For some reason , there was n't a clock radio .

i stayed at the Royal Plaza in Mongkok for over a week in November/December 2006 .

we stayed at the Royal Plaza Hotel for about a month during Dec-Jan 2007 and it was a comfortable nice stay. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The cleaning people were great and were very curteous. They were professional and likable. We also recieved a free daily newspaper from the Hotel each morning which I looked forward to. The hotel is efficient and is maintain extremely clean and bright. A four / five star earned establishment. The rates were extremely reasonable too. We booked a special monthly rate from the hotel manager directly. This is one hotel I would recommend. Gary

having not visited HK for nearly 10 years , I was there for a week and The Royal Plaza was home for that time. It was certainly 5 stars and it offered a cosier and intimate feel once you enter the lobby - a world apart from the hustle and bustle of most large 5 stars hotel. Some of their staff members did have problems with english but you would expect that in a country where english is not the first language. We stayed in a room on the third highest floor , or something like that. Not much of a view , but the room was comfortable and clean. It was n't contemporary in design but somehow more nostalgic or English which added to the uniqueness of the hotel. Oh , did I mention that the corridors were really long and it does give your legs a great workout if you stayed at the end of the corridors ! Breakfast at the hotel was good with a large selection of hot and cold dishes. Location wise , it was 15 minutes or so away from the heart of Tsim Tsha Tsui with the hotel shuttle BUT the area itself was self sufficient with loads of shops and eateries. If you want to experience HK and not stay in a too-touristey area , this is IT !

this hotel fell far short of expectations. The room was respectably sized , but smelt strange , and the air conditioning unit was cheap and did n't work well at all , perpetually either too hot or too cold. The beds were very hard and no spare blankets were provided. Sound-proofing was nonexistent. We asked to change rooms after four days and were moved to a higher floor , but the air conditioning still did n't work .

just stayed in Royal Plaza Hotel for 2 nights. Its supposed to be 5 star but whenever I tell Hong Kongers that the response was &quot ; How can there be a 5 star hotel in Mongkok ? &quot ; True enough it was n't exactly luxurious and the surroundings are clearly not glam. But its clean and well maintained and the rooms are spacious. I had a very comfortable stay there .

the hotel is of a high standard. Rooms are very pleasant with an LCD TV in each room with there being a surpring number of English channels on TV .

just came back from HK , stayed at the Royal Plaza for 2 nights. Was upgraded to a deluxe room at no extra charge. The staffs were friendly and helpful. The room was clean so is the toilet. The hotel is also located near the night markets. The sheltered walkway from the hotel to Mongkok MTR is a plus point as well as the shopping mall attached to the hotel. The train station below the hotel goes to China so its convenient for those who want to go to Shenzhen for day trips. I would stay in this hotel if I visit HK again .

i stayed at this hotel based on the recommendation of my travel agent. Initially I was told that this is a 5 star hotel but found out from some of the online hotel booking websites that it is more of a 4 star hotel instead. However , do not be put off by all these as the service that you will receive once you step into the hotel will make you feel like you are in a 5 star hotel. Front desk reception staffs were friendly and helpful throughout my stay there and facilities like the swimming and Jacuzzi pool were acceptable. I was allocated a smoking room and was duly informed by the reception when I checked-in even though I requested for one when I did my booking. However , the reception reassured me that the room had undergone a treatment beforehand. Once in it , I found the room very comfortable and don â € ™ t reek of cigarette smell at all ! Everything was in the room as also in a good condition unlike some of the 5 star hotels I 've been to where the cupboard doors were virtually going to drop ! I requested for an ironing board and iron almost everyday and the hotel always promptly delivered it to my room almost immediately after my call. One thing however , was that the pillows were too soft and you may consider requesting for extra pillows. The location of the hotel was also superb as it â € ™ s located close to the goldfish market and the ladies market. If you are looking for cheap bargains , go to the shops along the alleys off Prince Edward Road as the stuffs that you will find at the touristy markets are generally more expensive. If you are taking the MTR to the hotel on a rainy day , alight at MongKok MTR station Not Prince Edward Station as it â € ™ s linked to the hotel 's shopping complex by a sheltered overhead bridge. The walk will take you around 5 to 10 min depending on your walking speed of course. The hotel is also located above the MongKok KCR station where you can take the train to China or other more sub-urban shopping malls like the New Town Plaza at Shatin station. Overall , this hotel was a superb choice and I will definitely choose this hotel when I go back to Hong Kong again .

spent 4 nights at the hotel and was very impressed. Impressive entrance , good sized rooms and very clean. This is a top notch hotel .

