hotel is next to four shopping centre.. which is very expenive to buy clothes etc

nice hotel , great location. Our pleasant experience was ruined by a RUDE STAFF who insulted us. I filed a complaint with the assistant manager and of course what I got was an excuse. They should teach their staff good manners , they are in the hospitality business .

sha Tin is not in the centre of town ! That said , if you do n't mind a 25-30 min journey to the harbourside , the hotel is excellent and great value. Directions to the hotel are signed in teh shopping plaza when you exit Sha Tin Station. Tip : do n't eat breakfast in the hoel , but go to the top floor of the shopping plaza no.1 and have the Dim Sum at Maxims Palace - great food and lots of locals stopping by on teh way into work/shop. Airport transfer by metro is tiring - 4 changes and takes around an hour .

we spent 2 weeks here. Great location with easy access by train and choice of buses to Kowloon and Hong Kong. The room was bigger than the average HK hotel and had all the amenities we would need. Ca n't comment on the restaurants as we did n't use them but they were always busy so must have been OK. We booked direct with the hotel and got a better rate than through a booking site. Would definately stay there again if we ever return to HK

have n't been to this hotel for a decade , it was renovated for the 2008 Olympics , so the hotel is fairly new , very bright and room is comfortable. Attached to a huge mall , so u can shop til you drop. Many many restaurants in the mall so a lot to choose from. Service is top notch , everyone of their staff is so friendly and helpful. One thing not so satisfactory is their buffet breakfast at the 2 + 2 Cafe , not many choices and the food is a bit plain. Other than that , great value , great service ! !

although we only stay for 2 nights but everything was spot on ! We had a large room with mountain view , extra large bed not as we are massive . Room decorate to a high standard. Hotel staff very helpful and friendly. Plenty of restaurant to choose from. Hotel locate next to major shopping centres. Fitness centre and swimming pool were clean and staff service at all time. Will definately stay in this hotel again when we return next time .

my wife and i were there from 16-20 Sep 2009.Since both of us were previously executives in the service line,we have to admit that this hotel has high standards in terms of customer service.The room is also large and so is the bathroom and nicely renovated.Housekeeping is also commendable.Front office is attentive and speedy.The person-in-charge of guest service , Mr. Fung is quite a professional in what he does and he makes every effort to ensure that your stay there a pleasant one.If u want real value for money,this is THE hotel ! The hotel is also linked to a giant shopping mall named New Town Plaza with over 700 trendy shops and Shatin MTR and its only a 25 minutes train ride to Tsim Sha Tsui.Here i would like to congratulate the hotel manager , Mr. Cheung for managing such an effective and efficient hotel.My wife and I are already planning to put up there again during our next trip to Hong Kong .

we stayed at the Royal Park Hotel for four nights and the hotel was great. The rooms are huge by Hong Kong standards , there is tons of shopping the hotel is attached to a huge mall and food nearby. Transportation is convenient. The hotel staff was wonderful .

having stayed in quite a few Hong Kong hotels mainly Kowloon and Mongkok I have to say this is the best hotel i have stayed in. Yes , its a little further out of town , but , for $ 8HKD about 0.80p you can get the MTR to TST. The MTR is only a few minutes walk through the Town Plaza Mall. This is a far superior hotel money wise compared to what you would get in Kowloon or on the Island. I will be staying here for all of my future trips to HK. The rooms are excellent , always clean and the staff are very helpful .

this a little gem and will suit a lot of people .

i have stayed in this hotel more than a handful of times throughout the years. The hotel is in a perfect location in my opinion. Away from the crowded Kowloon and Tsim Sha Tsui but close enough by underground train system , MTR to get there in under 20 minutes. The hotel is attached by indoor walkway to the largest mall in Hong Kong that includes the top stores incl. Levi and Armani , dozens of restaurants and bakeries and even a movie theater and arcade that is perfect for children. The MTR station is also based in the mall so when weather is bad there is no need to go outside the platforms themselves are covered to stay dry ! .

amazingly cheap , very nice almost upper class hotel - staff were excellent , room was big and pretty luxurious. I ca n't really fault this hotel at all , certainly not based on the cost which was around Â £ 30 GBP per night ! You have to pay for internet access in the room , but it 's cheap and does n't add much to the overall cheapness of the room per night. The location is in Shatin , which is a bit out of the way , but the transport system in HK is excellent and it is easy to travel around the islands using this hotel as a base. I would definitely stay here again .

we paid approx 60 US dollars and the Royal Park was worth every penny .

spent 3 nites , 4 days at this hotel - large rooms for HK , very nicely renovated. The rooms are large , and beds are comfortable. Everything looked new. Breakfast was better than average. Another big plus point being linked to the Shatin New Town Plaza by link way. Enjoyed good food at Shatin New Town Plaza - Crystal Jade Xiao Long Bao , Maxim Palace and the hotel 's Japanese restaurant Sakurada serves up fantastic value and quality Teppanyaki/Sashimi sets ! There was a nice 20 % discount on weekdays too. We chose this hotel as it was easy to get Sheung Shui/ Lo Wu via train where we needed to be and yet near enough to Kowloon if we need to skip to town. Like the other reviewers , the public airport bus no A41 , very comfortable aircon ride , was the most convenient just outside the hotel providing both to-and-fro transport at a steal HK21 ! ! We loved that it dropped us off at departure hall the international terminal on the return trip. The cheapest we have paid for airport transfers in HK ! It is as convenient or if not more than the usual airport shuttle HK140 ? . Will stay here again .

our family met up at this hotel for Christmas 2008 , coming from several different countries. We took the executive longstay package , with breakfast , internet access , and evening cocktails in the lounge included .

i stayed at the Royal Park Hotel for 1 night and got a good deal from Agoda.com. The rooms are relatively spacious for a hotel in Hong Kong. They are very clean and very new. The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and I would have rated this hotel a 5 had it not been for the location .

my mom , an old lady travelled alone , was treated poorly and humiliated by the receptionist. This was her worst experience staying in an hotel anywhere in the world. The incident was settled by one of the managers. However , when I wrote an e-mail to complain , there was no response. Their rooms were nicely renovated , but their service really brings shame on the hospitality industry of Hong Kong .

good points

after reading many hotels reviews , i realized this hotel had amazing reviews. It was absolutely wonderful. Linked to the train station by a huge shopping mall , one could travel from Sha Tin to Kowloon in under 15 minutes. From there you could go anywhere , considering that Hong Kong is so incredibly organized. Every single method of transportation runs on time and perfect. The hotel has a great pool , in fact the picture on the website does not make the pool justice. The staff are helpful and friendly and if one goes to Hong Kong for leisure it is perfect. The amazing racecourse al Sha Tin is only one stop away with the train. For a business person perhaps it is slightly away from all banking and business centres. All in all I would go back anytime , great hotel and fantastic destination .

we arrived around 22 : 40 at airport and took A41 bus only HKD21 per person and takes about 35 minutes which dropped us right in the front of the hotel...very convenient to go anywhere yes it is a bit far from Tsim Sha Tsui &amp ; Hong Kong Island but the station is very close , and the room is big for a hotel in Hong Kong. I also liked the bed which was n't too soft , and the bathroom was great. This is definitely not a place for party animal , but great for business trip and families .

i 've stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks in Christmas time with my partner. Hong Kong was my home town , returning for holiday in Royal Park was a good choice. I 've got the long-staying executive package which included a superior room with river view , at the Christmas the view was amazing. The room came in a good size as compare to other hotel in Hong Kong , with comfortable bed , it would be better if they provide also a sofa , as my friends visited me , there was not enough seats. Good and clean bathroom , however the amenities are so-so , I suggested bring your own shampoo and shower gel. Also the in-room free minibar was a joke as there were only two cans of soft drinks and beer. Maybe because there was a lounge outside ? Anyway the executive lounge was quite good , I enjoyed the snack and drinks they provided , and so as the Internet. The staff at the lounge were polite and cheerful .

we stayed here on a stopover from Europe to Australia. We have stayed in Hong Kong before , in town , in Kowloon and at Shatin , but this was the most modern , spacious and extremely comfortable hotel of all and reasonably priced. Great staff , who were friendly and helpful and the hotel is great if you actually want to spend time resting in the room. There is a really nice partly covered swimming pool , steam room and fitness centre , and the hotel is attached by walkway to a very large shopping complex. It takes the same time to get to this hotel as to the hotels in town , just the opposite direction .

staff very polite. Rooms are huge - the same size as an average 2 bedroom flat in Hong Kong !

we had purchased the long stay package offerred by the hotel to stay 10 nights. Everything is very nice about the hotel. Our package was for the 'Economy Room ' but it was free upgraded to the 'Superior Room ' same room type but higher floor without me asking. Check-in was fast and the front desk staff is very polite. The package includes breakfast for 2 persons , and the food is very good .

i read all the reviews online before I decided to book this hotel. We booked it under an air/ten nights package for $ 900. What a great deal and it turns out even better. The hotel room was surprised large , clean and the security system is great. Do n't use the hotel shuttle to TST. It costs $ 14 one way which is too expensive. We took the train which located inside the new world plaza phrase III , it only costs $ 4-7 each way to TST for four stops or to MOK Kwok East Where Ladey street is for two stops. To take a bus A41 to airport only costs $ 21. The bus is every 20 minutes and the bus stop just in front of the hotel lobby. No need to pay $ 100 plus for the airport shuttle .

ok , first of all I 'll admit this is a particularly negative review. You know how sometimes one thing really annoys you , so it ruins your entire stay/trip ? Well , this is what happened at the Royal Park Hotel in Hong Kong .

thanks so much for the reviews- I was worried we would be let down as we spent the first half of our trip at the Intercontinental Kowloon , but the Royal Park was a pleasant surprise. The rooms are finished to a high standard , and the location is no problem. The MTR connects through the mall HUGE shopping mall , anything you 'd ever want and it 's minutes to anywhere. The mall , MTR stations , trains , public areas were all spotless. If you stay here , do n't miss the 10,000 Buddhas temple- it was very cool .

after extensive research on Trip Advisor , reading all the reviews on other travel sites , we zeroed in on the Royal Park in Shatin .

great value since they refurbed.top location right in mid of big shopping mall and station..good pool and gym

i was visiting CUHK and they booked at room at the Royal Park Hotel for my visit. This turned out to be my best hotel experience ever !

i stayed at the Royal Park with my wife for 6 nites in December 2008 for vacation. Overall , we thought the hotel was very nice -- with nice rooms and nice common areas. We were upgraded to a superior room at no cost. As far as I could tell , the only difference between a standard and superior was that the superior had a fridge. My only disappointment and it is minor is that there was no IPOD player. The gym and pool looked especially nice , although we did n't use either. Service at the front desk and concierge desk was very good and check-in and check-out both went extremely smoothly. We got an excellent rate $ 112US plus tax + service charge on Orbitz , a great site to use since your credit card is not charged until you show up at the hotel and cancellation penalties are low and generally do n't kick in at all unless you cancel 1 or 2 days before arrival . Also , although our Orbitz reservation did not indicate it , our rate included free shuttle service , which some guests apparently have to pay a small fee for. We did not eat at the hotel restaurants but we did order room service once. I had a burger which was fine but my wife had a beef and noodle dish which she did not like at all .

the view from our room was just magnificent. There were the usual buildings typical of HK set against a backdrop of green rolling hills or low mountains ? and a lake. This hotel is located in a sort of mega complex. It 's connected to New Town Plaza , an upscale mall stores and restaurants were mid to high end , which is also connected to the Sha Tin MTR station. So when you get off the station , you walk through the mall to get to the hotel. It 's very convenient , you do n't even have to step outside. It 's 15 mins. away from Tsim Sha Tsui via MTR. The location is perfect if you want to sleep away from the busier TST area but still have easy access to it. There is also a bus stop right outside the hotel where you can catch the airport bus and others . We got upgraded to the executive floor at no extra charge so I think maybe our room was a little bit better than the typical standard rooms. The room/bathroom was big , bright , beautiful and perfectly clean. The decor/style is modern with a touch of Asian aesthetics , just enough to make it non-generic. It did n't have any unpleasant smell even though it was a smoking room. The bed was soft and comfy. There was a big LCD TV with cable and both wi-fi and broadband internet was available in the room although I do n't know if it 's free since we did n't bring a laptop. My husband did use the internet in their business center for a fee I think HKD40 for half an hour . The staff were friendly and helpful and check in/check out was a breeze. We also found a small playground called Snoopy 's World in an outdoor area between the hotel and the mall. My son had fun playing there. It was small but it had a cute water ride , a playground and a diner. It 's very photo-friendly because it 's decorated with Snoopy and cartoony stuff. Compared to other HK hotels , the price is awesome for all the things Royal Park has to offer. No wonder it 's rated as one of HK 's top hotels on TripAdvisor. It 's definitely on top of my personal list. LOVED IT !

the hotel is conviniently located next to the malls and MTR station. There is a MTR line from East Tsim Sai Tsui to Sha Tin MTR. It only take about three minutes to walk , thru the mall , from Sha Tin MTR to the hotel .

i had a difficult time figuring out how to get to this hotel. but that is more an issue with the system at the airport - than the hotel itself. this is a really nice hotel. the concierge desk people were very good. and the rooms are good. during my stay the first two nigths were great. but on the third night , the night before my big presentation the next day - a couple with a screaming baby moved in next door ! so i just sucked it up and went to do my presentation. when i returned i politely inquired to the front desk if i could change rooms... but i wanted a comparable room would n't mind an upgrade for the trouble of packing a day early essentially . so front desk said &quot ; okay.&quot ; then i was taken to my new room -- smaller and further from elevator ! in addition , the new room had two burned out lamps and lacked a bathrobe. i do n't usually use the latter , so no big deal , but you get my point that they do n't pay attention to details. so i told front desk i was not happy. they just said &quot ; whatever&quot ; and offered to give me the original room back ! so basically , i was inconvenienced , and when i politely addressed the issue = i was downgraded at same price . they insisted the smaller room had a better view ? ! ? ! so , i guess i would describe them as a 3 star in four star clothing. in a pinch , good place = because new town plaza is attached ; so you can pretty much get anything you want from there , and the MTR has a station in the plaza. also , bus A41 goes right to the front of the hotel. and at the time i stayed there is was a HK $ 21 trip = good value. the other thing , my original room faced the apartment complex and i got free wifi. when i was put in my new romm , poof , no wifi. and the price for getting the internet is HK $ 100 a day .

this hotel is up to the standards of any four star property in Asia which is several steps above the equiviliant in the US or Europe . I frequently travel in the region , usually at high-end luxury properties. If there are two things I value most in any hotel , its uniqueness and flexibility. I hate generic chains , and this hotel is anything but. Its pure class , without being generic- little decorative touches make all the difference. The location is not central although there is a metro only a 10 min indoor - through a mall- walk from your room , but I was here for a conference at the Chinese University of Hong Kong , and the location was perfect. Took only 25 min door to door , including the university shuttle bus .

the Royal Park Hotel is a fantastic hotel that aspires to be up there with some of the best in the world , a fantastic entrance with space imposing mirrors marble flooring and golden framed doorways.. .

this is a very nice 4 + Star Hotel. It is located about a 15-20 minute subway MRT ride from downtown Kowloon in the suburbs , which is really nice in terms of getting away from the noise and crowds. The hotel is connected to a few shopping centers with food courts and supermarkets. The subway MRT station is a 10 minutes walk thru one of the shopping centers. Hotel also has a shuttle service to downtown area. Ask for a room overlooking the river. There is a very nice walking/jogging area along the river. Rooms very nice and well appointed. Internet available in room , but I found it to be slow. I complained and they took the charge off cost is by the minute , to US $ 12 max for 24 hours . Staff tries to be very accomodating. I paid about US $ 125/night

my wife and I chose this hotel on the recommendation of other Trip Advisor reviewers and were not disappointed. We stayed on the Executive Floor which was cheaper than we expected about $ US200 per night and provided service far beyond what was promised. The room was clean and the bathroom was typical of a 4-5 star hotel not the 3 stars that this hotel is supposedly rated at

we stayed one night in this hotel on a stopover in Hong Kong and we liked it very much. The room we booked a standard one but I think they gave us an upgrade was the best we 've ever had in a hotel , large , well-equipped and clean. It had a very pleasant river view over the park next door , where scores of people came to do their morning exercises. The staff were very helpful. We did n't use any of the other hotel facilities , but I expect they were good .

overall , we thought his hotel to be pretty good - the staff were friendly and helpful , our room was fine though not overly spacious - the only issue for us was the hotel 's location. It is a long way from what might be called the centre of Hong Kong .

recently refurbished for the Olympic equestrian teams the rooms are modern , spacious and comfortable with all the amenities you 'd expect. We stayed on the Executive Floor with private check in/out and lounge/business facilities where the service was wonderful. Nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast offered a wide selection of international cuisine and the Chinese Restaurant was the best we ate for our entire time in Hong Kong. The Newtown Plaza shopping centre is located next door which is one of the biggest in Hong Kong and also accommodates an MTR station so getting around was easy. I can not recommend this hotel enough as long as you do n't mind staying out of the city .

we have just returned from a six night stay at the Royal Park Hotel in Shatin , Hong Kong. We booked it following reading reviews on Tripadvisor and were not disappointed. The hotel is 20 minutes outside of Hong Kong itself but travel into Kowloon is easy. There is an excellent shuttle bus from the hotel free if you book an Executive Room package and it runs on the hour and returns from Kowloon on the half hour. The train system is also very convenient even if it does involve a little bit of walking and the excellent Octopus Card which you can purchase at the information desk at airport arrivals makes travel a breeze. The hotel is very easy to get to from the airport. Just exit down the ramp in the middle of arrivals and at the bottom , turn right to the bus park make sure you do n't go left to the tour coaches . The card costs 150 HK dollars including 50 dollars for the card refundable and100 HK dollars credit. Once you go down the ramp to the exit and turn right look for bus A41 , get off at the third stop , the one after the bus terminal in Shatin Mall. The driver does n't give change so the Octopus card is your best bet and the bus stops right outside the hotel itself. 150 HK dollars covered all our travel including the star ferry , buses and trains and we did n't need to use a taxi other than from the hotel to the airport for our return which cost 320 HK dollars as our flight was early before first airport bus at 5.30am .

i had stayed previously a year ago at the Royal Park Hotel and was disappointed with the room - old and musty. However , this stay was much better. I do n't know if it was because I was staying in the upper level see photo or because they are undergoing renovations. Spa facilities are excellent. Breakfast buffet is above average - with a good selection of both Western and Chinese food : cost is ~ $ 20 per person. Checkin/checkout was easy and staff was very helpful .

we booked a longstay package via the hotel website , at a great rate. The Royal Park is officially listed as a 3 star hotel , but I think that has to be reviewed : I would say it is a potential 4 to 5 star hotel .

sha Tin is a great location on the edge of the New Territories. The hotel looks out over the Pearl River and it 's a short walk to the riverside park. Walking along the river is a wonderful respite from Hong Kong 's busy city streets. The room is large and comfortable. Breakfast in the Executive room is spartan , so the buffet restaurant is a better deal , although the selection is still not great. The hotel is located next to two large shopping centres and the MTR. It only takes a 10-15 minutes by train to Kowloon , so if you do n't want to stay in the downtown area , this is a good choice .

when i reach the hotel , i was told to be brought up to 16th floor to check in as i 'm staying executive. the receptionist called a guy to bring me up because u need the keycard to use the lift. so then we went into the lift together , he pressed 16 and 9. no idea why , he walked out of the 9th floor to continue his work i think. he did not say anything and left , so i asked , 'is this the floor i suppose to be ? ' he pointed at the 16th floor and left. i reached the executive floor and got lost. nobody anywhere. i wandered for 10mins to find the hidden lounge for checking in. i stayed for 2 nights , twice during breakfast , nobody greeted me , asked me if i wanted coffee or tea , i can see and hear the executive receptionist and butler talking and laughing non stop because they were right in front of my table. i was the only one having breakfast btw. since nobody seems to bother , i just do watever i want , so after breakfast i used the internet in the exec. lounge , i saw minimised blogs of the butler. cos his pics are everywhere. the mini bar in the room is really deceiving. there 're only 2 cans or beer and soft drinks , thats all. being executive package , i get free mini bar consumptions and free topping up. it was not topped up at all. i also remembered when i checked in , i asked if i can use credit card for deposit and pay cash when checking out , they said yes , but when i check out , they said sorry , credit card had already been charged. i wrote in to tell them wat i had gone through but to get an email in a non apologic way saying they are sorry giving such bad experience but such experience doesnt mean overall performances for olyimpic chosen hotel .

we chose to stay in the Executive suite , it was very nice and worth paying the extra money. You have acces to the exec lounge where you can go for breakfast and have snacks and drinks all day. We also spent most nights in the exec lounge having cocktails and food , which was certainly a nice way to finish the day. It is very private and quiet in there and the staff make you feel special. We certainly would reccommend this hotel and pay the extra to have the exec floor because it is all included in the room rate. And the hotel shuttle to down town is included. The only thing which we thought was a bit misleading was the free mini bar , as it only has two cool drinks and two beers in it. But i guess if you can access free drinks all day in the exec loung it did n't matter .

its a fantstic place. The hotel is linked to a shopping centre which has a train stop. Only 15mins to get into HK island. Room was large , comfy and great to relax in. Even they help me to find good indian eatry near by Fotan MTR exit B ASRA indian restaurant--www.asra.com.hk I had a great experience at this place .

we had a great stay at the Royal Park. It is so conveniently located right next to a shopping mall and access to the MTR transit system which is the only way to get around Hong Kong .

i styaed at this hotel in January and this hotel was great excellent services amazing rooms very clean staff was good. The locating is very good a little bit off the main thoroughfare but they provide a shuttle to Kowloon which was a bonus.When I go back to Hong I will stay here again and again. The food was also very good and staffs speak good english. If you are planning to stay here dont hesitate .

i have stayed here for 7 consecutive nights. The price is great since I am on their long stay packing..which costed me NETT HK $ 5200 inclusive of all taxes for corporate rate ! The standard room is big and comes with a two seater couch too..very modern design throughout the whole hotel , they have just recently refurnished..so it is FANTASTIC .

we decided to stay at this hotel for just under 2 weeks as a way to see the rest of HK , and for the price it was absolutely great !

i was very impressed with the standard of the hotel for its price range. It is impeccably clean throughout , with modern decor and generously sized rooms as stated in other reviews. There is some construction work currently going on adjacent to the hotel and even one of the hotel 's restaurants , but I could n't hear any of this from my 7th floor room at all. The view directly out my window was of apartments across the road , but if I wanted to look at the view I could sit in the window nook and look out at the mountains .

after our disappointment with the Royal Plaza in Kowloon , we spent our last night in Hong Kong at the Royal Park which is in Sha Tin. Was n't expecting much for the cheap price we paid , but boy were we wrong. This hotel is top notch ! Modern , clean line decor throughout the hotel. Rooms were spacious and linens were soft and quite comfy. Hotel provides an hourly shuttle bus to Tsim Sha Tsui did n't take it but nice to know it is available and is connected to a shopping mall with train station connections. Although further away from TST and many of the tourisity attractions , it was nice to be away from the hustle and bustle of Kowloon .

this has got to rank among the best hotels that I have ever been in. Courteous service , convenient location next to many shopping malls , the A41 route to/from the airport , and a short walk from a train station , and impeccably clean .

this is a great hotel to stay at , if you plan to see all of Hong Kong and not just the Kowloon and Hong Kong Island. It is1/2 way to Lo Wu , the border with Shenzhen , China .

despite its convenient location and reasonable price USD $ 96 per night with a double bed , I was a little suspicious as to the quality of the hotel. But I was pleasantly surprised .

amazing hotel in an amazing city !

i booked this hotel not realizing where Sha Tin was located but decided to try it anyway. Turned out to be a fantastic hotel , better than the Regent , Kowloon , Sheraton , Hyatt no longer there and New World. This hotel is rated as a 3 star , but deserves 5 stars. I suggest booking the Executive Room Package. The cost was USD 219.00 night BUT this is a partial list of what was free DAILY : in-room/office broadband internet access , their own shuttle 'to ' the airport , pressing of one suit , free drop off/pick up to the Peninsula Hotel , reservations required daily buffet breakfast , everything in the minibar , newspaper , cocktail hour , private lounge for the executive rooms , separate checkin/out area AND more....this is only what we used. Since we were not service-fee 'd to death we ended up saving in the long run versus booking the nightly room package. We tried the International Buffet for breakfast , but with all the tour groups , we found it to be very crowded , therefore we retreated to the executive lounge. The staff was very , very helpful and accommodating. Rooms/bathrooms were spotless and stocked with razors , toothbrush , shaving cream , cotton balls , bath salts , hairdryer , makeup mirror , plush towels , and adapter. The bed was very comfortable , most likely brand new. The only difficulty was with their internet site. You have to click on : book online , select dates THEN the current package specials/dates will appear. We tried to pay online and the server kept going down and later , had to change dates and the message was not received by the hotel. They quickly fixed the error upon arrival. Bring all your paperwork. The hotel restaurants were mediocre , but there was a good Chinese restaurant , Lei 's Garden , next door. Capital restaurant was pricey although the food/service was great. Maxims was recommended for dimsum but we ran out of time and missed out. Between 0630-0830 , you can watch folks practicing tai chi with swords and fans in the hotel plaza garden. There IS construction next to the hotel , but the hotel walls are very thick and did not hear any noise except for one day , and that was after 830am. If you have kids , there is a Snoopy playground just across the hotel plaza. The train KTR/MTR are both located on the ground floor of the mall , and it was a convenient train/subway ride to Tsim Shai Tsui , star ferry and Hong Kong Island. Upon arrival we took the airport bus at B16 for $ 140HKD/each we were exhausted and they delivered us to the hotel doorstep. Best part of this hotel is there is COMPLETE SILENCE at night versus the constant honking and construction noises you hear on the Kowloon side 24/7. Loved this place !

thank goodness for trip advisor. First , we arrived at the HK airport. Following the advice of other travelers , we did a few things. First , we exchanged our money at the ATM and saved. Then , we took the A41 shuttle bus to the Royal Park $ 20 HKDpp and saved. It is true ; A41 drops you directly in front of the hotel .

we booked with HolidaySupermarket and must say it is one the best hotels I have been in. It is better than the the intercont. on the Spanish steps in Rome as an example IMO ...see pics. The bright spots is the location from airport to hotel front door - A41 and to downtown HK via train. The cost of travel is stupidly cheap airport 20HK ; downtown 8HK . Travel is in aircon environment , fast , frequent and usually operates 5am to 12midnight. Convience is another bright-spot. The hotel lift is within the a shoppers delight. This is no joke. 5 monster plaza all fully air-con. It is bigger better than Las Vegas hotel interconnecting or even Connecticut , USA famous shopping joint ! But the best thing of all is this :

