without a doubt , this has to be the best hotel we have stayed in. The housekeeping staff were remarkably efficient and thorough. Our room was of a high standard , although we did experience some minor noise from the atrium where the restaurants are located. The hotel staff were really friendly and helpful , as were most of the people in HK. The hotel is a 2 minute walk to the Tsim Sha Tsui East MTR station , which connects to the main Tsim Sha Tsui station via subway , so it 's very easy to get around to see all of the sights in Hong Kong with easy connections to Central and Admiralty. We got a really good deal when we booked so it cost less to go to this fabulous hotel in HK as it would have done to go to a similar grade hotel in Paris or Rome .

our suite at the Royal Garden was extremely comfortable though it did have a faint smell of old cigarette smoke , the staff incredibly helpful , and the food in the restaurants was good .

overall a pleasant stay. As a business traveller it did n't bother me that there was construction noise during the day , but I would n't stay there as a tourist wanting to sleep in .

we stayed on the 15th floor - first in a twin room but were moved the next night as we had booked a double room. There are renovation works going on at the hotel , and there was loud drilling from 9-5pm which made the floors and walls shake , and also made it impossible to watch TV or relax. We asked to change rooms but were told there were no others available on other floors. The hotel itself is nice enough although the rooms at the least the ones we saw could do with an upgrade - ours had big stains on the curtains and a cracked lightshade .

perfect stay at the Royal Garden. Checked in early and asked for a harbour view which was available from the 10th floor .

if you love a bit of Las Vegas style over-the-top glitz , this is the place for you. The rooms are positioned around a large golden atrium , with glass lifts whizzing guests up and down. Down on the lower floors , there are several bars and restaurants and two pianos with live music. While on roof terrace is the fitness and leisure centre , complete with mediterannean style furnishings. The facilities are excellent , with a large swimming pool and fitness centre. There 's even a tennis court if you fancy a bit of a run around. There are also separate sex saunas in the changing rooms .

i love this hotel and I dont know how anyone can complain about it. The rooms are spacious and beds very comfortable. Nice bathroom , well stocked with everything you need , big plasma TV , free internet if on business floor I think . The breakfast is really good too although I didnt eat there other than that. Well located , near main Kowloon shopping areas and with good links to airport. I have got taxis before and used airport shuttle. Shuttle is very cheap and efficient , would recommend. The swimming pool on the roof is amazing with great views across the harbour .

i am a regular traveller to Hong Kong and China. I have stayed at this hotel at least six times in the last 3 years and having just been to another hotel offered to me as a discounted deal through my flights agency i now appreciate how good this hotel is. I am currently writing this review from my room .

we were surprised at how small the room was but after 5 weeks in Australia we perhaps had been spoilt ! The atrium area and glass lifts were quite spectacular and every journey in the lift was an experience ! A friend had said there was noise from the lifts when she stayed here but we did n't hear any noise at all. The staff were friendly and the cleaning staff very efficient and helpful. We loved the Sky Club - a roof top pool and well laid out terrace plus fairly large fitness centre with attentive staff and lots of fluffy towels ; check out the view across Victoria Harbour. We declined to pay extra for breakfast and there was a Starbucks and DeliFrance right across the street which suited us fine in the mornings. Not having visited Hong Kong before I did n't feel we were really 'in the middle of things ' but it was only a 10 minute walk to the Star Ferry. We booked a limo to the airport as we had an early start so had to pay extra and , as a nervous passenger , the smooth ride with nice classical music playing were appreciated .

this is a great hotel , location was great as there are some awesome bars on the riverside that go OFF at night .

first Time at the Royal Garden - great service , great staff , Hope to return on next trip to HK

stayed here for the second time and found it still to be a very good hotel. Good location as it is within walking distance of Star Ferry / MTR / shops and water front. We have never used the restaurants within the Hotel but they looked very nice. We would recommend Lei Garden Restuarant in the nearby Shopping Complex. The price we paid this timewas good value because we managed to get a very good deal via Expedia. Spa , Pool and Gym facilities very good and great to swim on the roof top with amazing views. We have stayed in Suite on two occasions which had great views of the harbour. Staf very polite nd efficient. We would certainly stay there a third time. This time we were on a stoppover for NZ and rather than cart all our bags accross hong Kong , left some at the airport baggage storage in arrivals , very good value if under 24 hours. We then got the train / MTR to our hotel and saved lots of money. On return we got a fixed price arranged by the Concierge at the Hotel with the taxi Company , and also proved to be very good value .

the Royal Garden is luxurious and provides a top class service .

we were extremely happy with ths hotel ; very centrally located , very nice servce and very comfortable rooms. We had several options for dinner , including an Italian restaurant , a Thai restaurant and an extensive buffet in the dining room. We even found Ruth Chris Steakhouse and Outback right outside our front door ! Very nice service , inlcuding internet and room service. We loved this place...beds are comfy and clean. Hong Kong is a great destination and this hotel makes the trip comfortable and fun ! Oh my gosh , the swimming pool and tennis courts are amazing and so are the extensive machings in the exercise room...wowowo ! Loved this place !

we stayed for 4nts at this hotel which is around the corner from

excellent swimming pool 16th floor with harbour view , professional staff , very comrfortable stay. Very close to metro. Not top end 5 star for HK but a great place to base yourself in HK , no issues with billing , very clean bathrooms and super flat screen tv. Would stay again in a heart beat. Ultra air-conditioned. Only meal at the hotel was once for a buffetbreakfast which was decent. Overall a great place to come back to relax after a day on the humid streets of HK

i was a little disappointed on arrival as the hotel looks like a 1960s office building. However , was pleasently surprised with the interior. Rooms are spacious and have a nice feel about them. Beds are soooo comfy. We had a harbour view which was nice .

we got charged just to sitt in the pool area , my daughter had short dip... and then 40 USD pr persons ! A shame for a hotel like this ! WE asked for breakfast included , but they charged us ! To east/drink in this hotel is too expensive !

i surprised my husband with a night @ the Royal Garden Hotel on his birthday. We really enjoyed the roof top pool - very relaxing in the middle of all the hustle and bustle. In general , it 's a good hotel - great value for what it has to offer. The room is what you 'd expect from any decent hotel - the bathroom may need a little upgrade - feels dated. Bed is very comfy and we slept like babies. We could even see a little bit of the harbour from our window ! It 's a great location - a nice post dinner stroll along the harbour front - close to MTR , and perhaps a 10 to 15 minutes leisurely walk to the Star Ferry .

outstanding hotel with excellent staff from baggage handling to check in and out , assistance with dinner and tour reservations. Great location to Nathan St. and the harbor. Large comfortable room , excellent room service and overall , a most enjoyable experience. I would hight recommend this hotel to anyone staying for either a short or long stay .

this hotel is consistent in its fantastic service and location is hard to beat in Kowloon. Go for rooms higher up on the executive floors if you can - this will give a respite from the often noisy bars across the road awful western bars , but a couple of good restaurants along the front . If you want total peace and quiet , ask for a corner room at the back - you will sleep so soundly , but with no view. Views from these rooms across to HK island are also fantastic on a clear day !

i was there to Hong Kong for a business I had booked myself into RG , its in the Tsim Sha Sui area.Its a excellent hotel with superb rooms , restraunts and a roof swimming pool and gym .

as first time visitors to Hong Kong we found the Royal Garden to be a wonderfully first class hotel. We chose Royal Garden from Tripadvisor comments and photos and thank you members we were not disappointed.Royal Garden is beautifully staffed , maintained and incredibly clean.The rooms are spacious,comfortable and surprisingly homely. The appointments,toiletries,beds and linens are crisp and clean and the shower is 2nd to none ! The Gym,pool area and rooftop garden are again in wonderful shape for a 20 + year old hotel,we wanted for nothing .

stayed here for 2 nights on a business trip - price was very competitive and on reflection , think it would be a good place to go for pleasure as well due to its central location and range of restaurants and amenities. Nice atrium style hotel .

this is a pleasant hotel , recommended by a Hong Kong resident ex pat. Not the best hotel we have stayed in in Hong Kong and this was our 10th visit. We were upgraded to De-Luxe but frankly could not fathom why it was so called. Had great view of the waterfront and perhaps that is why. The room was light and airy and house keeping was excellent but overall it was a little tired. The room also appeared to have been designed for smaller races than Europeans as the bath was small and we had to duck under the shower but these are small matters. The bed was queen size and comfortable. Position good enough and plenty of eateries nearby and a Delifrance opposite for breakfast although the service was appalling and slow with aggressive staff and some clearly did not love their job or their customers ! ! For a new visitor to Hong Kong I would recommend a hotel closer to the heart of things back towards Tsim Sha Shui this hotel is in Tsim sha Tsui East or for better value in Jordan or Monkok. Did not choose to eat in the hotel at all as the prices were very high compared to local restaurants although they all appeared to be attractive and well appointed. Rooms surround a central atrium which is very attractive and is viewed from open lifts and the corridors to the rooms. However this does mean that cooking smells drift up to the rooms from the main restaurant where there is some cooking at open grills taking place and also noise from the entertainment can be heard in the rooms from ,say , 7pm to around 10pm Overall , whilst this a decent hotel , a visitor can do better elsewhere although difficult to put a finger on why we were slightly disappointed. Maybe it is the price as with very poor exchange rate at present with Â £ UK it cost us approx Â £ 150 per night .

we booked this hotel on the recomendation of friends and were not disappointed. Within easy walking distance of the waterfront , laser shows , views of HK island and yet a cool , calm oasis to retreat to at the end of a busy day .

fantastic hotel based just minutes from the promenade in Kowloon. Staff very helpful from front desk to maids. Room cleaned every day , sometimes more than once ! Complimentary bottled water and fresh fruit. Rooms exceptionally clean and even had a pillow menu ! We did not get charged for use of the Sky Club , which we were expecting. Fabulous large pool , jacuzzi , gym and sauna. Almost always quiet. Pool attendants could n't do enough for you. Very easy to get around with an MTR station just around the corner from the hotel entrance. All in all highly recommended .

we stayed here for 2 nights on our way to Europe. We booked this hotel based on the reviews on tripadviser and I must say that it was a good choice .

we stayed here for 3 nights en route to Australia and were well pleased with our choice. Having read all the previous reviews , we booked through the hotel 's own website , which gave us free entry to the pool and gym complex - far too expensive if you have to pay separately .

this hotel is far below what a Western traveler should expect from a 5-star hotel. We booked through a travel agent in Macau for all 4-nights and were assured that we had access to the hotel 's amenities. Upon arrival , we were told that we did not have access and that we could buy it for a mere $ 40 per day , despite already paying a fair rate for a 5-star hotel ! It felt like we were being nickled-and-dimed. I tried to stay only one night and get a refund for the remaining nights , but the management was intractable and unwilling to help in any way. Thumbs WAY DOWN for friendliness and service. Not what one would expect from a 5-star hotel .

the Royal Garden is a great middle of the road hotel. Hong Kong , and especially mainland China tend to overstate their &quot ; star&quot ; ratings - many times leaving travelers disappointed w/ the $ $ they are spending. In the TST East section of Hong Kong there are only a few really nice hotels to stay at : The Grand Stanford , Shangri-la , Intercontinental and the Royal Garden. The Royal Garden is probably the lowest on the list as far as upgraded , luxury rooms , but it is also the least expensive. It also happens to be in the triangle of the best area in TST East. The only downfall is you do not have a clear view of the Harbour -- but who cares , it 's all about the location and EVERY restaurant in HK has harbour views , you will see the Harbour plenty during your stay in HK .

i 'm not sure if it was because we 'd just travelled for 15 hours , but the Royal Garden Hotel exceeded our expectations and was a lovely hotel to end a holiday in .

spent 5 nights in a Crown Twin Room upgrade from executive which included hotel club facilities The room had reasonable partially restricted harbour views. Harbour view rooms appear limited so you would need to request if views are important. The room itself was small and in need of updating . The club facilities were also looking a bit tired and not exceptional . Gym &amp ; roof top pool area were good , although again could do with a bit of an update .

i agree with the majority of the positive reviews and points already written so will try not to repeat them too much ! Some of the key points are below !

booked standard - upgraded to Executive room free of charge. Large room with all amenities - extremely clean and comfortable. Having stayed previously on Hong Kong Island would recommend Kowloon as a much better location. Right next to waterfront Avenue of the Stars Close to MRT station and ferries .

i travel to Hong Kong on business and have found the Royal Garden to be a wonderful hotel for my needs. The service is excellent and the price is extremely reasonable. I had stayed at several other hotels before finding the Royal. I am finally satisfied with a great place to set up shop , yet be comfortable during my stay. The best choice I have found here .

i was supposed to stay just for one night , but I end up staying for two and luckily because I 've just &quot ; met&quot ; the amazing pool on the second day. It 's a fantastic pool , on the 16th floor , and that has an all year round temperature of 27 degrees .

amazing luxury hotel , amazing city. Absolutely loved our trip to Hong Kong. The hotel is in a great location in Kowloon , 1 block away from the harbour. About 10 mins walk to Star Ferry , 5 mins walk to Nathan Road and shops , bars and restaurants in the same block .

i have just returned from a 3 week working stay at the Royal Garden. I found it to be an excellent hotel with good service throughout .

the Royal Garden is a wonderful place to stay. We had booked a standard room through Expedia very cheap but were allocated a superior room. The room was gigantic , as was the bed - I 've stayed in rooms elsewhere which was smaller than the bed ! Every facility you would expect plus more newspaper , tea &amp ; coffee making , etc . The pool and other leisure facilities are out-standing. Staff very helpful. Restaurants looked good and were busy but we did not use them mainly because there was so much elsewhere to choose from my favourite was Red Pepper on HK Island . From the room service menu , I would be surprised if they were more expensive than the going rate for good restaurants .

we stayed in a tripple rom on the seventh floor , very good room,excellent service.The hotel has an aura of evergreen elegance and grace , the staff was most helpful , the room service and housekeeping was super.The hotel is located close to everything that a tourist would like to see in HK , transport is virtually at door , the free bus from the Airport express station stops right next door. We can sincerely recommend this hotel to those who like clean , upmarket hotels that do n't destroy the bank account .

i think the hotel is well located for its money. It is not new , but maintained in a good condition. Walking distance from the bay. Many restaurants within and around .

just come back from Hong Kong where we spent 8 nights at the Royal Garden Hotel in Kowloon. We found the hotel through tripadvisor.com then rated in the top 10 and have to say that we were not disappointed. It was well appointed , the staff were helpful and friendly , the room a deluxe room was an excellent size , cleaned and maintained daily , and the amenities were excellent. The floor staff on our floor were exceptionally thoughtful .

a wonderful hotel , very clean and comfortable. Rooftop gym and pool were of very good quality and our room was just the ticket after a 12 hour flight .

fabulous hotel , great location in kowloon , about a 10/15 minute walk along the waterfront to the star ferry terminal. the atrium was beautiful and the staff were very friendly. we originally asked for a non-smoking room but they gave us a smoking room that smelt like an ashtray ! eventually the moved our room to a corner room that was alot bigger than the standard room , but it overlooked the dirty backstreets where there was a sex shop with flashing lights...not a nice sight. appart from this everything inside the hotel was fantastic and clean. i fully reccomend this hotel !

we elected to stay on the Kowloon side this trip and stayed at the Royal Garden having read good reviews on this site. We love this hotel. Our economy room was small but had comfortable bed , no view , but a good workstation and broadband. The bathroom was also small with the shower over the bath , but had great water-pressure ; I liked the tap with filtered water at the wash basin .

this is a very nice hotel that has a lower profile than many of the other 5 star Kowloon properties but has alot to offer. Location is 2 minute walk from metro station , across from Shangri-La Hotel and 5 minute walk to Nathan Road as a frequent HK visitor , being 5 minutes off Nathan Road is a good thing . The rooms are decent size for Hong Kong and the bathroom and bed are high quality. The service has been very good , more like a smaller hotel. One of the main attractions is a huge rooftop pool 25 meters long , rooftop jacuzzi , rooftop tennis court and a very good gym. There are a number of restaurants on the property and they are offering hotel guests 15 % discounts , but naturally there are hundreds of restaurants within a 5 minute walk. I normally stay at Shangri La but found a much better price here , so I gave it a try based on Tripadvisor reviews .

let me start always an ominous start by saying we had stayed at the Royal Garden about 6 times in the 1980 's and 3 times in the 1990 's .

really gr8 hotel , travel to hk on business twice a year , lovely rooms , new ones on top floor are fab , hotel rooftop swimming pool ca n't be beaten , b/fast amazin............downside ? some room views are n't great and did n't spend any evenings in the hotel restaurant or bars so not sure what they are like.. .

we stayed here for 3 nights and it was a brilliant place to stay in HK .

we stayed in a standard room at the Royal Garden for three nights. Rooms were relatively small but very comfortable. The furnishings are high quality but quite dated in style - think old world glamour rather than modern chic. Bed was extremely comfortable .

i had a great three night stay at this hotel in September .

my wife and I stayed there for seven nights. I was on business and my wife was sightseeing. We had a lovely view of the harbour. The room was large,clean and quiet. The room was cleaned in the morning and in the evening the bed was turned down , a chocolate on the pillow and the towels changed .

my family and I stayed at Royal Garden for 3 nights and it was a great experience for us. The service was great. The room and washroom are very clean and updated .

have stayed at Royal Garden several times. However , this last time was personal trip and it is absolutely wonderful ! Breakfast buffet in Greenery was wonderful everyday and rooftop pool and gym are wonderful. This is such a beautiful hotel and staff is so nice. Will continue to go back every time - love this property and location in Kowloon. Highly recommended at any price

royal Garden Hong Kong was fantastic. This is a true 5 star quality hotel in a fabulous location. We stayed in a deluxe room with a harbour view which also gave us access to the rooftop pool and gym it 's worth paying the extra . Everything about our stay here was perfect - staff were great , service was exceptional and the facilities were first class .

over the last few years I have stayed in a lot of hotels. This is by far the best experience I have had in a hotel in a very long time .

i had a pleasant stay at the Royal Garden Hotel. The room and bathroom were both clean. The beds and pillows were comfortable. Of course I loved the flat screen tv on the wall .

we stayed at the hotel for three nights , and thought it was a pretty good deal. The hotel does n't look much from the outside , but its pretty spectacular from the inside. The rooms are a decent size - not huge but roomy enough for two. We loved the crisp white bedding and 42 inch flat screen TV on the wall .

i loved the hotel , it was very clean , the staff very friendly and helpful , the hotel is suppoed to be 3 stars , I would give it 5 ! ! !

i stay at the Royal Garden for work on trips to Hong Kong , and I 've had several different room locations. The rooms in the middle that open into the central atrium are very LOUD and the singer/piano player goes late in to the night and he 's not great ! This time I got a corner room 1008-- it had a view thru the buildings to the harbor , it was tucked in a corner and was so quiet and lovely .

we had a great stay ! ! ! the front desk officer are very warm and the rooms are very beautiful and well maintained...No worries for ur important things .u can put it in the vault inside the room and the good night chocolate is yumm...the location is good too ! ! ! ! I really recommend this hotel..I love our 3 days stay here ! ! ! ! ! KUDOS ! ! ! !

if you want to relive the glory days of the 80s this is the perfect place to do it. More marble and gold plating than you can shake your bouffant hairdo at. That said , the Royal Garden is a very comfortable hotel and we had a great stay there. Pretty good value by Hong Kong standards too .

we were so happy with our stay at the Royal Garden !

we began our vacation by staying at this hotel and ended our vacation by staying at this hotel. On both occasions we were very pleased .

on arrival at reception we found the executive room we had booked was not there for us. We were offered an upgrade to a suite for Â £ 30 for three nights which seemed reasonable .

in the center Kowloon , near Nathan Road but in a quite corner , perfect room , very kindly staff

it is a very good hotel to stay except too much noise during the X'mas time. Understand the people celebrate the holiday , but it will be better to cut down the singing after 11 : 00pm. Location is excellent , room is clean. Our kids love the plasma TV , but they were disappoint could n't go swimming , because it is too expensive. It count by person HK $ 120 each , not by room .

we stayed at this hotel for a week in October. What an amazing hotel with superb service. We all felt very spoilt !

when we arrived at the hotel , the exterior of the hotel had a slight 1980 's look to it and I became a little nervous. I became even more nervous when we were shown our non-smoking two beds request and were given a queen which clearly reeked of smoke. Once the room issue was resolved , we relaxed into the hotel .

this is a very nice hotel. However , the price I was quoted for the room was not the price I ended up paying. It seems they added on a bunch of hotel 'service fees, ' which amounted to an extra 100 pounds. Not sure what these were supposed to be. They certainly were n't for room service .

we stayed at the Royal Garden at the end of a trip to mainland China , and were thrilled with the hotel , its location , its rooms , and the service. If at all possible , upgrade to a suite , in which case you have a wonderful view of the city , a beautiful big room with everything you could possibly want , and free use of the Sky Club -- the fitness center and rooftop pool -- which are beautiful and convenient. The restaurants in the hotel are top rated and the concierge is very helpful in finding and booking other restaurants as well as in providing directions and general help .

we stayed in this hotel in September 2006 .

booked thru Cathay Pacific Holidays at a good rate &amp ; was very pleased with the hotel &amp ; agree w/ the favorable writeups .

having booked online slightly apprehensive about what the accommodation would be like - we need n't have worried ! Absolutely gorgeous hotel , excellent service , spotlesss rooms , incredibly helpful staff. Dined at the hotel twice during our short stay and the food was sensational and fantastic value. Would recommend this hotel without hesitation. Location a short walk from the harbour - cold n't have been more pleased with our choice .

royal Garden Hotel : Had the best memories ! ! !

my son aged 10 and I stayed twice at the Royal Garden Hotel on route in Scotland during August. Although the outside of the hotel is nothing special the lobby and rooms were great. The room was a twin and by Hong Kong standards quite large with the nicely decked out bathroom. The Attrium with glass lifts was lovely. The breakfast buffet was very good , and the room service too was excellent. The pool on the roof was good , although cost HK 160 per person which I have never heard of , was fantastic. To get there was a bit of a hike with you going to the 11th floor by lift and then walking up to the 12th and through corridors. There was some renovation work going on so hopefully this will be remedied. The staff were extremely efficient and helpful to the extent that my son asked one of them to change the MP4 he had bought from Chinese to English and they were delighted to assist. They assisted us with our visa to Shenzen , although charged us a bit too much HK $ 500 each , it was more convenient and it was easier than queuing at the border. The location of the Royal Garden is fantastic to the MTR and I have have no hesitations in staying there again .

the Royal Garden was in a great location , but the facilities were very much shadowed by the fact you need to pay extra to use the facilities. This has never been the norm becuase all the 5 Star hotels I have been staying in welcome you to use the gym sauna etc... but there has never been a sur charge , as well as extending your check out times , there was no negotiation to the extent which suits your timings , if you want to extend your stay , you must pay half day rates. So before you book please ensure you qualify your needs .

great location , very good room room large for hK standards and view , efficient and helpful staff. Would certainly stay again .

the Royal Garden Hotel in Kowloon is a god value for the money. If you are coming into Kowloon from the airport , however , be advised that the &quot ; free&quot ; shuttle does not stop at this hotel--in fact , the people at the train station tell you that the name has been changed. Nonetheless , the bus stops right next door , so it is is not really too much of a problem unless you are not aware of the circumstances. The food in the hotel is varied and incredibly expensive. The Sabitini , the award-winning Italian restuarant , is worth the money for the &quot ; businessman 's lunch.&quot ; The Japanese restaurant though is a total rip-off. Labeled the &quot ; Best Tempura&quot ; in the last 100 years is ridiculous. The prices are beyond the reach of all but the fattest business account. I ate there one night with my nephew and together our bill was over $ 140.00 US dollars--and I had to go across the street for dessert ! The staff are very helpful and courteous. The price for using the internet is $ 50 HK for 15 minutes--to say nothing of $ 5.00 HK per page for printing on a just next-level dot matrix printer. Find somewhere else to talk to the kids ! Larry Adams

i stayed at the Royal Garden Hotel for three nights in 2006. The first two on the 12th floor and the last on the 11th floor. I knew the hotel was posh when I saw a Ferrari and about 10 Mercedes outside. When I arrived I was given the option of upgrading to a delux room for around $ 40 a night. For this I would receive my breakfast free of charge , have access to the Crown lounge and to the Sky Spa on the 17th floor amounst other things like afternoon tea and a free cocktail. In saying this my standard room also included free access to the Sky Spa and to the Crown business lounge. The reception staff were very nice and quick. The delux room was lovely. I had the usual bathroom with toothbrush , and various products by Neutrogena , a plasma TV , mini bar expensive ,as they all are and soft bed. There was no alarm clock which was a pity as I was worried that I would sleep in. A newspaper was delivered to the room every morning and I never saw the housekeeping but it was always done when I got back. The room also had a digital safe. The pool on the rooftop was amazing and it was nice to have a view of the city from their and relax in the jacussi. There was also a gym but I did n't go near it as I 'm not that kind of person. Too lazy I guess. Anyway , I ate in the Garden Court restaurant the first night ; I had half a chicken and some beef along with wine and plenty of green tea. The service and presentation was very good but I only liked the food rather than loved it. However the Jasmine tea was amazing and well worth trying even if you hate tea. The view from the glass lifts as you come down from the 12th floor are great. The hotel makes you feel special with its warm staff and luxurious surroundings. I would recommend it , thoug it is pricey. When you leave the hotel there are a number of shops very close by if your looking for designer goods , they are everywhere and every bit as expensive as Paris , London etc . Its nice to walk around the Kowloon area and just window shop and look around and I felt that it was very safe though its a good idea to always look as if you know where you are going. The Royal Garden was in a very good location to the shops and subway and was a plesent place to stay. PS I was upgraded to the &quot ; Pelican&quot ; suite at least I think that was the name on the third day. This room was pure luxury with the best bathroom I have ever seen. This must be how wealthy politicians travel. Enjoy your holiday .

i was very impressed with the Royal Garden Hotel. The hotel atrium is gorgeous and my daughter loved going up and down the glass lifts to our room. Our room as quite large by Hong Kong Standards and I was very impressed. With all our bags and then shopping , it was good not to be staying in a shoe box which I have previously stayed in , in Hong Kong . Whilst the views from our room of the front of the hotel were nothing to rave about , I would definitely stay there again. The staff were always helpful .

we loved this hotel. Check in was simple , the staff friendly and helpful some knew more than others. The best feature is the 70 ' exquisite heated rooftop pool and jacuzzi , with a lightshow every night at 8pm. Opted for breakfast at the Delifrance right across the street , also a Starbucks there if you prefer. Location is great - less crowded than the Canton Road hotels and quick access to many restaurants and shops on this side of TST .

i 've stayed at the RG several times for both business and pleasure .

we loved it here ! Stayed 3 nights on a topover to Australia. Great location - lovely walk along the harbour front to central Kowloon and we had a lovely view over the harbour from our room. The room was very comfortable with nice touches such as chocolates on the pillow and slippers. The atrium was beautiful and we loved the glass lifts .

