me and my husband had booked a honeymoon package to visit Hong Kong,Macau and Beijing. This Hotel was booked with the package .

we stayed in this Hotel last Feb.14-17,2008 together with my husband &amp ; baby. We enjoyed our stay there , the hotel was clean &amp ; safe , it 's quite far from the Center of HKG , BUT they have free shuttle service from hotel to MTR station almost every 15minutes , and in the MTR station there 's a Mall with a Grocery Store where you can shop like locals for cheap prices. We also had a room with a relaxing view of the beach .

a nice and affordable hotel , lots of luxury , swimming pool , sauna , etc. But the staff barely spoke any English. And things are explained very vaguely in their brochure. Hotel is far from anything , but they do have a regular bus service to the nearest metro. Would recommend an octopus card for those who are staying for longer than a week , and whose going to use the metros on a daily base. Internet at the hotel is a bit expensive , but decent .

we stayed in the hotel for three nights 13th,July to 16th,July.Everything in the hotel is o k except the location.It takes about 45 minutes by bus to the city.Hotel provides free bus trip to the city and metro station time to time.The hotel is situated in newly developed area in new territories and you are not going to find any shop,resturants or market nearby.We got a seaside room by the bridge it was a terrific view from room , sea with the bridge .

book ahead of time. Follow shuttle schedules. The food is great. Staff and crew are friendly. It would help if they are more fluent in English. The carpets need shampooing though. But overall , it was a nice experience .

i loved this hotel ! ! ! ....... the staff were always helpfull and friendly ! ! I even managed to jam the lock on my suitcase one day and they sent up one of their engineers to break it free for me ; D The facilities are Fantastic....swimming pool ,sauna,Jacuzzi and even a free gym and u can sign guest/s in to use it well at least i think u can cause thats what i did ! ! The Only problem I had was it was bit far from the centre....so if ur after late nights out and clubbing it probably not the most ideal location for you. However A free shuttle bus does runs on regular basis cant exactly rmeba wot tym it ends...either 10 or 11 pm .

though its been a while I stayed at the Royal View , but the warm memories are still intact .

it was really such a great experience ! though being the first time traveller ! we had a great time during our stay inthis hotel. thank God we had a shuttle bus that can pick us up during our tour ! the service and facilities of this hotwl is really awesome &amp ; great ! i love it ! !

do n't stay here if your looking for something inexpence and not to far from central. Stay here if you have been to HK before and looking to get away from the hustle and bussel. Upgrade to sea views rooms you will enjoy more. The room I stayed in was small but it was fine for my needs. In review i would recommend this hotel as an ideal base to hire a car and explore the New Territories .

the hotel is isolated in the middle of nowhere. Unless you have your own car or local friends , you should not consider it .

this hotel reminds me of a woman who seems beautiful until she opens her mouth to reveal a voice like a banshee , a bad disposition , and very little brain .

check in was very smooth , booked the two-bedroom suite as this was the biggest suite. Decor is simple and nice , Everything went very well and nice for a getaway. I live in Hong Kong at the Peak and this getaway just staying at the hotel and eating and shopping around that area made it a new exprience for me , seems like i went to another country which was very nice as it is a relaxtion time for us .

i was on a business trip and found all the hotels near business districts Tsim Sha Tsui , Mong Kok , Central , etc. are on sold out state. Found this new place in Tsuen Wan district. My counterparts in Hong Kong were complaining why you are staying so far. But I really enjoyed this place .

we stayed at RVH for 4nights and all I can say is we were given superb treatment. We had a nice room with a minibar , plasma tv , hairdryer. The staff were all very nice and they could speak english although not good so asking for directions was easy. It is far from the city but they have shuttle buses that take guests to the MTR station every 30mins. We were only asked to deposit HK $ 500 when we checked in which was refundable it was not stated in their website when we booked them . And although our room had a veranda , we were told that we needed to pay a small amount so we could open it. We did n't bother anymore as we did n't plan to spend our time in the hotel the few days we were in HK.Sans those facts , our stay had been good , to say the least. :

honestly , hotel room rates are quite cheap when I booked my stay through Zuji Travelocity . Royal View is a 4-star hotel with excellent facilities. I booked a Deluxe Seaview room... view of the Tsien Ma bridge I think. The hotel had the usual facilities queen size bed , working desk , dataport , coffee/tea making facilities , minibar/fridge , toilet without tub , 32&quot ; LCD TV , a kitchenette and an iron/ironing board on request . Housekeeping staff were only able to converse in Cantonese. The front desk staff were usually able to converse and understand simple conversational English , but you may have to talk slowly and use visual cues gestures , pictures . The hotel has a gym and a pool as well. You may have to be prepared for expensive in-room internet fees , but wi-fi on the lobby and other public areas is free. I was able to use the dataport in-room free-of-charge for internet I just do n't know if there was a fault , or it was included on my room package . One of the major cons of this hotel and certainly one of the major drawbacks is its location... Not so good location if you plan to go often to Central. However , there are complimentary shuttle service to Tsuen Wan MTR , Tsing Yi Airport Express until 2pm daily and Tsimshatsui. Do avoid the typhoon seasons though because shuttle services are suspended , and taxi rates are skyrocketing some drivers add a HK $ 30 surcharge . Over-all , good value for money... :

my sister and I stayed at the Royal View Hotel for 3 nights. As a first timer in Hong Kong , we 're both very excited in this trip. We were usually out for our tour and we only get a chance to be at the hotel during the morning and evening. The tour was very tiring and we are expecting to get a very good service from the hotel .

we just returned from a 4 night stay at the Royal View Hotel , Hong Kong. Arrived during a rainy day but the concierge was there to help from our Taxi. There were 4 of us and about 12 pieces of luggage

arrived at hotel at 9.30 in the morning after an overnight flight ; staff could not have been more helpful getting a room ready in less than 30 minutes ; our room was slightly below average in size especially bathroom but did have a kitchen area with facilities to make a hot drink ; room was very quiet at night ; had a better night 's sleep than in any of the other 10 hotels we stayed in on this trip ; location is not great as you need transport to go anywhere but the free shuttle service to downtown Kowloon was very reliable,alternatively taxis were always available

we stayed at the Royal View Hotel in Hongkong as part of a package tour and my sister and I were very pleased with the experience. Upon chek-in , the staff were very helpful in placing us in a Non-Smoking floor when I requested that they do so. The concierge gave us excellent tips on where to go and very clear directions on how to get there. The view from our room was spectacular ! Very helpful and knowlegeable staff !

pros :

we stayed at the Royal View Hotel for one month on a recent business trip. The hotel is very nice looking , with pool , fitness facilities , and a lovely view of the sea under the Ting Kau bridge. That is where the compliments end. The customer service representatives are friendly and must say , &quot ; I am sorry&quot ; often. After doing so , there is no resolution to the many problems that we faced. The rooms are very damp , my sofa was replaced 3 times. I needed two dehumidifiers in the room , running 24 hours a day , just to take the moisture out of the room so it would be livable. These machines did a good job , but sleeping through the noise of the machines could be difficult. My colleague chose not to have the machines in his room , so lived with the mildew building up on the walls. I was offered other rooms to move to , but they were all damp. The customer service rep. apologized and said the building engineers are looking into the problem .

i just spent a month at Royal View , which was the place I was set up in for my stint teaching for a month in Hong Kong. This is the worst place I have had the displeasure of ever staying in .

the Royal View Hotel is a relatively new hotel , and thus some of it 's incompetencies can be excused. However , as a traveller I found the hotel and it 's staff to be unbelievably incompetent in their customer service skills .

we stayed here for two nights 22nd and 23rd May. The hotel was not fully open and there was still some work going on , but it was n't noisy or intrusive. We got the impression that we were acting as guinea-pigs for staff training and that there were very few other guests. All staff that we interacted with were eager to please and spoke a little English .

