this is one of the better hotels I 've stayed in my 3 visits to Hong Kong. I stayed in the hotel from 25 Nov - 30 Nov and the location was superb. The MRT station is just 20 steps away from the hotel and it has a wide array of good food selection behind the hotel. It is right in the heart of Nathan Rd and near Temple market .

my wife and myself embarked on a week 's vacation to Hongkong , Macau &amp ; Disneyland in Hongkong. Our first stop was at Hongkong and we were booked in Hotel Shamrock. We stayed there for two nights - on 16th and 17th Nov .

my family Me , hubby and 2 girls 7 &amp ; 9 stayed in this hotel on 7 Nov to 11 Nov 2009. We have booked a deluxe room which comes with 2 double size/ 2 queen size bed .

one of the worst hotel i ever stayed................wht is there ? is it a hotel ? unfriendly staff,dull and small rooms,worst food ohhh.......... terrible

just a walk from the night market and authentic chinese restos. ;

shamrock hotel is a really nice hotel. Few steps away from Jordan MTR Station Exit C1 and near Temple St. It 's very accessible to anywhere. 711 stores anywhere. Staff were so soo nice to us. They know how to speak and understand English. The rooms were clean and smells good. They often change our towels and slippers. They have a safe , TV , Ref , bathtub , hair dryer etc.. complete with Bath towels , slippers , bath gel , toothbrush , toothpaste , soap . Unfortunately , WIFI access is not yet available on this hotel but they have broadband anyway. I would stay here again and again and again ! ! I LOVE THIS Hotel so much ! Staff were truly marvelous. BTW there are plenty of restaurants at the back of the hotel , they 're very cheap and tastes good too .

this is our 6th time in Shamrock Hotel and that only shows how satisfied we are... As always very accommodating staff... from bell attendant , to front desk staff , to black-uniformed officers , to cafe staff , they show only friendly gestures and friendly smile.. Contradicting to other people who have experienced rude actions from them , luckily and fortunately , we never felt anything like it from our first time up to our 6th time.. infact , after another 2 months , we might come back.. .

considering how small rooms can be in HK , the rooms in Shamrock seem to be just right. It was clean and we did n't seem to have any problem during our stay there. The staff were helpful enough and the location was just really good. It 's near the MTR and there are so many shops and restaurants nearby. I would definitely stay here again .

shamrock hotel is really nice... but our 5 days stay in there , only few of the staff expressed a good attitude. a short , stubby lady at the counter gets easily irritated after asking a few questions...and we did n't understand much of what she was saying because she was eating her words ! and she got irritated that we did n't get her the first time.. but the other lady was kind in talking to us. the other staffs , those wearing a formal attire were n't that friendly too... they just watched us pass by and very seldom would greet one of us and not all of us.. hmmm... but all in all,i loved the hotel.. but not the staff. .

i went Hk with my parents for holiday. We have been allocated to stay at this hotel by tour agent. My first impression was good that of its location next to MTR station. But everything change when I step into the hotel room. The room atmosphere was like very shabby and misty. They do not have room for 3 person so they put in extra bed for us which actually make the room even smaller and difficult to move around. The room environment looks old and the hotel management did not upgrade the hotel. The furnishing and bed seems very old. I feel that there are better hotel around nathan road. I would try somewhere else on my next hk trip .

shamrock hotel is located centrally but it has got a very rude staff especially at the breakfast buffet. Its a small hotel and the rooms are even smaller .I think there are much better options on the nathan road .

i really appreciate the immediate action of their manager , SIR ROBBIE , to my feedbacks. They 're toilet/bathroom will undergo renovation , because of the wrong design. But , overall rating is very good. You 'll feel at home in this hotel. It 's affordable and secured. The location is excellent because it 's very accessible to the MTR and bus station.It 's also walking distance from the shopping outlets/malls .

best location , amiable staff , though room is small but i highly recommend it. Very satisfied !

our trip was on April 1-6 , 2009. I was traveling with my two teenaged boys. That was my ninth visit to Hong Kong but my first in Shamrock Hotel. That was my boys ' second trip to Hong Kong and their first in Shamrock Hotel , too. On the overall , our stay in this hotel was just okay. The size of the room is similar to the size of the room of the hotel where we stayed in Singapore. Well , as the tourist guide said it , Hong Kong does n't have the luxury of space. Unlike here in the Philippines where we have our sprawling lawns , garage for cars , etcetera. The best feature of this hotel is its location. We did n't have to walk very far especially with our heavy shopping bags from the train station as Jordan Exit C1 is just a stone 's throw from the hotel. However , I did n't find the staff that friendly and accommodating. Although , they greeted us &quot ; Good morning&quot ; when they would meet us but I got dismayed when I got a frown from their lobby staff when I sneaked in our last minute shopped items in our luggage at their service counter. They did not display a welcoming attitude especially when I requested them to release the rope that bound our bags together. Well , I insisted thus I was able to do what I wanted. :

rooms were a tad small but we made do since we spent time only in our hotel rooms at night ie for sleeping. Housekeeping drops by daily in our 5 days 4 nights stay at the hotel with fresh towels. So rooms were pretty clean .

good value for money because of the location and price. Close to Jordan MTR and Temple Street .

aptly named. Indeed a sham. The room is the tiniest I 've ever lived in. The bed is in the centre of the room. 5 inches in front is the telly , which does n't have CNN. 5 inches to the left is the wall. and 5 inches to the left is the toilet. And oh , 5 inches diagonally is the door. Let 's not even talk about how dirty it is or whether it has internet connection of course it does n't .

its good value for money , Best Location right on Nathan Road just next to Jordan mrt , near ladies market n jade market,

  i had booked my stay at Shamrock hotel in Hong Kong online July at shamrockhotel.com.hk. They replied immediately. I did not regret booking this hotel because it is beside the Jordan Station or MTR which saves you time and energy because you will do a lot of walking in Hong Kong. It 's hard to get around when your hotel is far from the MTR .

hotel staff was very polite and helpful ! They speak good english , have a pleasant stay over there. Hair dryer and bath tub was also available in the hotel. MTR is just beside the hotel. If I have to say the negative point of the hotel , is that the room is small .

i luv the place and the people !

hotel room 's pretty clean , ca n't comment less on that....just that the space is soooooo small..several times i got bumped here and there , so watched out for that especially when you are getting a double bed. my husband is a 6 footer , so imagine how it made him suffer most.. he suggested to change room and upgrade to a larger one , but since we got there only to explore the place what is 3 nights of inconvenience ? we booked for 4D 3N it turned out to be not a very good idea.. so if i were you and felt changing rooms , do it at once for a more comfortable stay. .

if you 're a peninsula type of person , then I would n't recommend staying in The Samrock. But if you 're after a place which is reasonably priced , good enough to serve your needs you do n't stay in hotel all the time after all , and is a stone 's throw away from shopping establisments , then you may want to consider staying there. The rooms are considerably clean , although outdated , and the location is comfortably within a busy part of HK. The hotel staff are very friendly and accomodating. If you need to buy basic stuff , there are more than a couple of convenience stores nearby and restaurants all around. The nearest train station is just around the corner Jordan so getting to and from your destinations should n't be a problem. If you 're a coffee addict , the Starbucks across the street should be a plus factor .

shamrock Hotel is not a sham , that 's a fact. 'Stayed here last year with my family for our annual holiday break. It was a pleasant , the food was just fine but what i have noticed is they served the same food for breakfast. Also , not to mention one of our fellowmen got irritated with the server beacause she took away the guest 's plate eventhough he is not yet done eating. The room was elegant though old fashioned. The bathroom is clean and without a doubt one of the best place in Hongkong our hotel bathroom due to cleanliness. The staff is approachable and helpful and you can even leave your things in the lobby , unharmed from any kind of thief. Do not be deceived or misled to the pictures that you are saw in their website. Seems to be that they have the advance and futuristic design but to see is to believe. From my point view , Shamrock Hotel needs a refurbishment , when we are talking about the interior. The former should be updated in terms of the design , which is by the way an indespensable one for the edifice. Location wise , is very comfortable. Situated just beside the Jordan MTR station , very convenient for the future and existing clients and shoppers. With due respect to the hotel , comfort , no frills , convenience , practical is the best adjective to describe this establishment. I 'm giving it a grade of 7 out of 10. And 'really appreciate all the good service of them .

very near to subway,convenient.Nice breakfast buffet,fair price,rooms are clean.But I really think they do n't have much sense of beauty in decorating or interior design.They have wierd crystal light hanging under cheap ceilings in the room.Out-fashioned design seems was created decades ago. Strange and old fashioned carpet everywhere.Very old styled room door.I think the owner try to save money to hire a interior designer,and believe himself could be good interior designer.Well,the outcome seems to be wrong.I suggest they should n't save money for hiring a interior designer .

i was in hongkong last Nov 6-9 , 2007 with my mom. Its my second time in HK but i had no idea what the hotel looks like. We thought that it was just like a pension house.Actually , I was not really after of the comfort but i just needed a place to sleep &amp ; where i could keep my things. With the small amount we paid for our stay , who would expect such kind of accomodation. When we arrived , we were surprised to see the place , its location..etc. Its at the center of Nathan Road surrounded with shops where one could easily buy watever she/ he wants. The rooms were clean , safe &amp ; , staff were soooo friendly. It really was beyond our expectation. Aside from this , it is very accessible. near Jordan Terminal &amp ; a bus stop in front , next to a Japanese bakery &amp ; Spagetti House . It was next to home since most of their guest are Filipinos... Im really looking forward to going back there probably for a week. So guys , if you want a place thats easy on your budget , then go for this place &amp ; i guarrantee you , its worth the penny you spent.... Enjoy ! ! !

after our trip last March to HKG , we went back just this november...and the usual , the staff are friendly , attentive , fast service , the room we had &quot ; superior triple room&quot ; is very big...With complimentary fruits , daily morning paper , coffee and tea , plenty of supplies...The breakfast at the 10th floor is SUPER... FREE breakfast is included in our reservation , be prepared to go to the comfort room before you go to your shopping journey coz expect a heavy breakfast at their 10th floor... chix steak , ham and hotdog , croissant breads , salad , yoghurt , black berries , fried rice , pies , and many many more... but their chix steak rocks.. .

we have just spent 5 days at the Shamrock - our first visit to Hong Kong. It proved an excellent choice. Why ?

central hotel,easy to locate , on Nathan Rd. Cheap bus to airport just up the road. Smooth check in and out. Kowloon Park nearby pleasant and has a pool. TastyJapanese bakery almost next door to hotel. Was n't sure what we were buying but it was mainly delicious and made for a cheap and filling breakfast. Had n't tried red bean doughnuts before. Hong Kong is open all hours for shopping and eating. Extremely cheap meals ; we ate in little cafes : bowls of noodles , meat and veg for no more than Â £ 2 a meal. Not good for vegetarians though or the faint hearted. Old Western district on HK Island v interesting as was tram ride. Transport cheap. Overall , Hong Kong brilliant and exciting , and Shamrock Hotel a good place to stay .

when we came for a 5 night break to Hong Kong with our 2 children 8 and 9 we needed somewhere central and clean to sleep and shower. The Shamrock is in a fantastic location on Nathan road , near markets , shops and metros .

hotel was &quot ; well-hidden&quot ; within the street...lobby was small but welcoming. .

my husband and I stayed at the Shamrock Hotel Hong Kong for six nights in july 07. The location is excellent all forms of transport on the doorstep. Shops and markets are plentiful and also nearby. The hotel was excellent the staff are most helpful.our room was excellent and spotless the maid changed sheets and towels daily and also replenished toiletries daily. Their is a safe in the bedroom that is free of charge also the mini-bar prices are the cheapest we have ever come across. If you are planning a trip to Hong Kong and want a great hotel bang in the middle shops,restaurants,markets and all modes of transport then book into the shamrock. Its the best .

was in Shamrock in end May/early June 2005. Hotel was very good. Check-in was smooth , staff very friendly. Rooms are quite big for HK hotels and are very clean. No complains for this hotel .

i am so glad the travel agent recommended this hotel. It 's not particularly big or new , but makes up for all that and more with its location , location , location !

i stayed in the hotel for four nights , from June 15 to June 19. As for location , overall it was great , the hotel is near everything - the bus stop is right in front of the hotel doors , the Jordan MTR station is just around the corner , walk a couple of blocks and you 're at the Bowring Street Market. Walk further from Bowring and you 're at Temple Road. Park Lane is also near , walk a few blocks from the hotel 's entrance and you 're there. Needless to say , the Nathan Rd area is very well lit , so going around at night should n't be much of a problem .

i stayed here for four nights in late April. The price we paid was a little dear for this hotel. However I think we could have done better if we used an alternative booking method for the same hotel. The rooms are small but adequate. The bed however was too small for comfort. We ordered a double , it was a very small double. Infact I wondered was it a double ? The room were clean and small additions like toothbrushes etc were there also. I often forget mine. We got the bus from the airport and this landed us right outside the hotel which is brilliant when you are tired after the flight. The location of the hotel is good. It would be a hotel I wouldnt remember but that is as much a positive as a negative .

we were only staying one night in HK before heading to the mainland , and wanted an inexpensive place in a convenient location. We took a chance on the Shamrock and had no regrets. Travelling with a young baby , convenience was important. The hotel is right on the A22 bus line from the airport , which is another easy option for getting into Kowloon. It was pouring rain when we arrived with our many bags and stroller , but the concierge came across the street with umbrellas for us and helped take our luggage to the hotel. The rooms are small to be expected in this location and price range but clean and comfortable. There is n't a lot of room for bags in the room , but for 1 night it was fine. The hotel also provided us with a baby cot at no extra charge. The staff were always helpful and courteous. There is a restaurant in the hotel , and a breakfast dining room. There is also a nice bakery a few doors down if you prefer a lighter and cheaper breakfast. I would n't hesitate to recommend the Shamrock to anyone looking for something better than a guesthouse but not as fancy as a 4 star hotel .

search no more. Add that extra cash saved to your shopping allowance rather than stay at another hotel having the same category around the Jordan area. I have tried 2 newer hotels in the same area and nothing beats my stay here .

i stayed here in late November 06 , and chose the Shamrock for it 's location on Nathan Road in Kowloon. With the MTR and Nathan Road buses steps away I did n't take a single cab during my stay. There are plenty of nearby places to eat and the Night Market is also a short walk. My single room was basic &amp ; small but I did n't spend much time there other than to sleep. Most importantly it was very clean .

we had a three night stay at the hotel and I will stick to my review title.. small... in both good and not so good ways. It was a pleasure trip that coincided with Hong Kong 's 10th anniversary. So almost every place you go was packed , hotels , parks , everywhere .

