just completed my vacation at Shama Causeway Bay from 2-7 Dec. Must say that I was quietly impressed by the efficiency and friendliness of the establishment ranging from the Manager Randy and his staff esp the concierge sorry but cant remember his name . The room was spacious and plesantly decored and the bathroom was decked out with Bvlgari bottles of liquid soap , shampoo , conditioner etc .

i have stayed in a lot of hotels in Hong Kong ranging from mid to high end and Shama causeway bay is definitely one of the best I have stayed in when you consider their location , price , and the size of their rooms. Shama is more of a service apartment hotel so it would be an even better choice if you were staying for long periods. Its situated right opposite of times square where there is shopping , food , nightlife , and the taxis and the mtr 's are just right infront of you when you walk out .

although not luxe in the way a Grand Hyatt or other name brand 5-star hotel would be , the Shama serviced apartments are luxurious in that they are wonderfully spacious - especially so in land-scarce Hong Kong , where hotel rooms and apt homes are usually tiny and cramped. Our fully air-conditioned 1 bdrm apt was almost 600 sq ft in size , and came with a large walk-in closet what a rarity ! . The bathroom , living area and bedroom were also very spacious , something larger-built Westerners would surely appreciate. There were also nice thoughtful touches provided , such as Bulgari toiletries , good quality bedroom slippers which a lot of 5-star hotels compromise on , similarly good quality bed and linen , and even a Bose sound system. There is also free cable tv and broadband , and even an iPod station by the bed .

just opposite Time Square , this is a great place to stay if you want to eat and shop with ease. We travelled with a baby and a toddler , and enjoyed our stay very much. The hotel staff were all very helpful. The size of the apartment is decent and it contains all the little things that make it seem like a home away from home .

