my husband and I stayed here for 2 nights at the beginning of our 3 week SE Asia honeymoon and 3 nights at the end and enjoyed it immensely. As Starwood Gold members we were upgraded to a harbour view room where we had a great view of the Symphony of Lights show at night. Room was clean and modern. Concierge at the hotel was very helpful. The location was very convenient , next to the Peninsula hotel , few blocks to the Tsim Sha Shui MRT station , and close to lots of shopping. I would definitely stay here again when in Hong Kong .

take a high floor harbour view and get a much better deal than at the Intercontinental or Peninsula next door. The rooms are modern and comfortable. The rooftop pool is fun and the breakfast buffet offers exceptional variety and quality .

quality hotel , close to shopping and harbour , good views

with sheraton you know what you get , quality but you have to pay for it .

i staid in this hotel for 3 nights for a business stay , i staid several time in Mong Kok before and Tsim Sha Tsui is a good change of location , convenient and more quieter. The hotel was nice , a little old maybe and I was surprised to see that there was no wireless internet in the room. You have to use a cables which limit the movement in the room , could be better for an expensive business hotel ? The boarding pass print out in the business center was n't included either... Those kind of small details tarnish the overall experience at a Sheraton.. .

stayed here for three nights , staff was very attentive and helpful. Location is great - bar was a perfect place to watch the evening light show. Subway station across the street , easy access to the markets and all other attractions. Both local and touristy restaurants nearby. Gym was large. Glad I am an SPG member - Sheraton has never let me down and as usual the Hong Kong towers was no exception .

the hotel met all our expectations. It is well located , it is spacious and comfortable and the service is great. The restaurants are good and the breakfasts offer a really good choice - something to suit all tastes .

the rooms are very comfortable and the service impecable. The hotel has a great location and very easy to get from the airport if you take the express train. The Mortons of Chicago Restaurant is conveniently located at the hotel , here you can grab an excellent meal. Would definatelly comeback to this hotel .

the service at this hotel was excellent and the room upgrade - which gives access to 16th floor &quot ; lounge&quot ; , breakfast , afternoon tea , hors d'oerves and alcoholic drinks - is fantastic value for money .

we used this hotel on a trip to HK for my husbands work. We used to live here so were happy with an upgrade to a suite that did n't have a harbour view but if you can get one take it. the breakfast buffet is a nightmare. The food is good and not too expensive but the service is terrible. I got my coffee after I had been back to the buffet twice and had my plate whipped out from under my nose whilst I was still eating my toast... admittedly this is a personal pet hate and some people do n't get upset when this happens.... The rooms are very comfortable but the executive lounge is depressing. about the worst lounge I have ever used. there are no windows and the air con is set so low you need to bring your duvet with you. There is a very nice girl who works there though and she is very helpful - i heard he offering lots of local knowledge to other guests. The hotel in Kowloon is very well situated for shopping at the markets and you can get to the star ferry in about 5 mins walk .

i have stayed in this hotel several times on business but this last trip was for leisure. The rooms are well appointed , nicely furnished and large by HK standards. Everything was spotlessly clean , and the rooms were made up promptly each day. Turn down service was a little hit and miss however with the style and the extent of the turn down variyng a little depending on who was on duty. It is only a small detail , but one that detracts from the otherwise perfect service .

i must say that since Sheratons are not normally top of the line in the Starwood portfolio , that I was hesitant to spend that many points for a free weekend...BUT I was very very surprised ! This hotel should be up near some of their top hotels ! I am a Starwood Platinum member and I was treated so wonderfully from the time I arrived until I left ! I got an amazing upgraded room that was much more than I had expected ! The staff was very helpful and friendly. This hotel was close to the Star Ferry terminal and within a very few steps of the MTR to get anywhere else you wanted .

great hotel in great spot on the tip of the Kowloon peninsular. Great staff .

i stayed at the Sheraton Hotel &amp ; Towers in the end of September 2009. The room was booked online at the SPG site and it was 1400 Hong Kong Dollar approx. about 170 USD .

over the last 4 years I have stayed several times at this Sheraton Hotel - my verdict : absolutely recommendable ! The location is excellent , close to the Starferry Terminal , the Harbourfront , Nathan Road and the shopping , and , not to forget , the MTR metro network. The hotel itself offers all that you can expect for a hotel of this category , but then the unique Asian hospitality makes the difference. The staff is truly outstanding , friendly , always helpful and competent. The breakfast buffet is among the best I have seen in any hotel. The pool area on the rooftop is nice with smaller &quot ; hot tubs&quot ; and great views of Hong Kong. Speaking of views - if you can afford you should definitely go for the slightly more expensive Harbour View rooms , it is worth it. For the business traveller the hotel offers a good business center a bit pricey , but very helpful and plenty of connectivity in the rooms plugs for different types , ethernet cable , video connections to the in-room TV . The internet rates are still high , but it is good that the rate includes now internet connection throughout the entire hotel , not only in the room. Recognition for those in higher tiers of the Starwood Preferred Guest Programme is very good. All in all a very , very good hotel that stands out in the Sheraton family. I will definitely return whenever again in Hongkong !

i am a frequent visitor to the Sheraton Hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui and enjoy staying at the Sheraton. It is a beautiful hotel , in a great location , and a safe haven for travelers from the United States. This is a good thing , and a bad thing. For US travelers , the hotel will feel very comfortable. You will walk in , there will be loads of pilots and US businessmen , and you 'll quickly forget that you 're in Hong Kong. For travelers wanting some hint of a cultural experience , this is not your hotel .

stayed here for 4 nights , and it was wonderful , with great service and excellent facilities. The only minor criticism would be charging for broadband on a daily basis - hotels of this quality should really include it for free now .

the Sheraton hotels , part of a larger group , Starwood and it â € ™ s loyalty program The Starwood Preferred Gust program rates as one of the best in the industry , winning many times over in the Freddie awards. I have long been a fan and stay on a very frequent basis at its properties predominately around Asia and the Pacific .

absolutely great location , the room i had had a waterfront view. Rooms are a bit smaller than the standard 5 star. Bathroom is also a bit on the smaller size. But for business travel , it was quite convenient .

stayed for a couple of nights before moving into Shenzhen .

my wife and I stayed here on our last trip to Hong Kong. We had previously stayed in other luxury hotels in Kowloon , but this is now our favorite. Though the rooms were not especially large , they were very nicely finished , and extremely comfortable. The hotel is close to Nathan Road , and close to the waterfront. They have an excellent spa which they allowed us to use after our check-out to get a shower before our late flight out of Hong Kong. All in all , an excellent stay , and we look forward to coming back again .

good service. The staff were very helpful whenever we asked for advice on travel and sightseeing options. I had two evening meals and a breakfast in the hotel : and all the meals were excellent with a good selection .

there is no doubt this is prime location in Hong Kong on the Kowloon side. You have a fantastic view from the harbour view rooms , MTR is within short distance as well as Star Ferry .

the hotel is located close to the major points of interest and shopping area in Kowloon as well as short stroll away from Star Ferry Terminal. Hotel staff is very efficient and friendly , check-in and check-out being efficient. My room had a great view to Victoria Island which is especially interesting during the night with passing cruise ships adding to the experience .

my wife and I drop in at the Sheraton on our way back home to Oz after each trip to Europe and now the Sheraton is our accommodation of choice. Location is great , rooms are fantastic we enjoy a little luxury in a Harbour View room after 4 weeks of hectic travel through Europe and the staff are excellent. On top of that when we check in at 7.00am we always have access to a room and we can always arrange a late check out that conforms with our departure at midnight the following day. Why stay anywhere else ! !

this is a great hotel , clean , tidy , with good service. The breakfast buffet is really nice , with a good variety of hot and cold food. Rooftop pool and hot tubs are very nice , particularly in the evening , when you can look over the water to the city lights of Hong Kong. Close to the subway and Star Ferry. Everything you need for a great base in HK. Ask for a harbour view room .

stayed at the Sheraton for 2 nights , and was picked up at the airport by a Mercedes S600. We wereupgraded to a corner suite on check in .

stayed here for 4 nights in May on business - I stay in HK a few times a year and have been lucky enough to stay in some of the best hotels there .

great hotel clean very good customer service. Ask for a harbour view its great .

i 've stayed at the Sheraton Towers many times now and each time is as good as the last

i accompanied my husband who was in Hong Kong for business and stayed with him at a Tower room. The service of the tower personnel was excellent , the room was very nice , the bathroom amenities were very generous , and like in similar hotels in China we had complimentary bottled water in the room. I liked the afternoon tea or cocktail hour in the tower lounge , it was really very nice. As this was my first time in Hong-Kong I was busy sightseeing and had no time to checkout the swimming pool or the fitness center. Had dinner at the &quot ; Oyster and Wine&quot ; restaurant which is pricey but excellent .

these reviews crack me up. OK here goes...I 'm gold and platinum on most hotel and airline club. I 'm a frequent business traveler. Now...with that said , this is a really nice hotel. I 'm not sure if it if 4 or 5 stars honestly I do n't work for Fodor 's or Michelin . There was free mouthwash in my room maybe it was the whopping $ 3 that I left the cleaning staff .

i recently stayed at this hotel and after reading some of the reviews I am wondering if I was at the same hotel. From the very moment of check-in , the whole stay was one of the worst hotel experiences I 've ever had. I am a Starwood Gold member , which means that you get an upgrade , but this hotel did n't want to give me one. The manager told me that Gold members get free water in the room and mouth wash. After some persistence , they gave me a room with a partial harbor view. They should n't be allowed to call this room a harbor view , as I had to really try to see the harbor , but I had a great view of the Intercontinental Hotel. Also , there was no free water or mouth wash in the room. I was in Asia for 3 weeks and this was the first hotel that did not have complimentary water. The hallway in the hotel and the room had a terrible musty smell. The bed was very uncomfortable. The staff did n't really care that the rooms were of such poor quality. In fact , the room was so bad that I moved to another hotel for the second night of my stay in Hong Kong .

checked in as SPG Platinum and received a harbor view Tower Room was already booked into the Tower .

it is the beautiful hotel and above all rooms and view are excellent

i was in Hong Kong for business meetings and stayed in room 862 for 5 nights. I stayed at the Sheraton back in August of 2005 and did not like the hotel at all , very noisy and touristy. Actually found the hotel a bit quiet and less tourity this time .

we stayed on the 15th floor with a harbor view and it was excellent. The room was clean , service was very good , and the views were exceptional. This was during the swine flu over reaction and a flu suspect had stayed there the day before we got there so this may have influenced their service. Check in was easy and we paid about 240 US a day. There was an unpleasant fish odor in the street lobby on G , on the side next to the Peninsula. There was free internet available in the lobby via 4 screens or wireless for 45 minutes at a time. In our meeting we had free wireless. They had room snacks and items at 7-11 prices plus 10 % . Extremely good access to transportation , from the airport express Kowloon station take the K2 bus. The TST and ETST stations are a 2 min walk. Going back to the airport early we took the MTR to Central , walked to the connected AE terminal and were at the airport without traffic or bus issues in 45 minutes. Paid 160 HK for 2 people to ride the Airport Express from the Hong Kong station. Excellent restaurants nearby. Pool and spas on the roof with good views .

starwood should do something with this place. I am Gold Preferred and hotel basically could have cared less. I was told even Platinum members would not be upgraded to club level. They have standard answer for every complaint. The room had a musty smell and was in desperate need of a makeover. Do yourself a favor and stay at the Marriot Renaissance across the street as it has been updated .

had a great week at the Sheraton which is perfectly placed in Kowloon .

it was our first time at this hotel but one of many trips to Hong Kong. The location , inclusions and comfort made it an enjoyable stay .

we recently stayed at this hotel on a two-night stop over to London. Our room was decoratored in an awful style ; dark brown and oppressive. The window was very small and overlooked a dark building. I felt like we were in a prison. We were on the Starwood Preferred Guest floor , so I would hate to see where the unpreferred guests stayed !

i am a Starwood Preferred Gold Member , and this review is based on having this status. I spent a week here using my membership points. In fact , it 's a fantastic place to cash in your points if you 're planning a trip to Hong Kong .

based ourselves at the Sheraton , TST. Fabulous location for traveling around. Both train stations are connected underground from the lobby , safe and secure. Buses outside and underground to Hong Kong and Stanley. Staff were lovely and always willing. John in the Oyster Bar even booked us into this incredible restuarant a few blocks away , which we will always remember , unbelievable nite. Breakie was wonderful , one of the best buffets we have ever had , even had yum cha... Spas and pool on the roof were beautiful and fully serviced from 7am in the morning , Fitness first on the same level of the hotel. Steakhouse available , we did not try it , but we had the Chinese and it was beautiful and well decorated. The only minus we encountered was that this end of Nathan Road has been taken over by Indian Hawkers , so every time you go out , you are harrassed , so try to use the subway and buses thru the underground .

the Checking in was hectic , the que was atleast 10 metre long for only 3 counters. Cant Blame them though , it was the day after chinese new year , very peak period. I was told by the staff that the room i booked was not available due to some difficulties. I booked a normal room with the harbour view. Instead the staff offered me the Executive Suite on Executive Floor , without the view and the executive floor trimmings. Since i am only there for one night , i gladly took up the offer .

take a towers room. 16th and 17th floor cocktails and veryy good snaks the best view of hong kong bay. You are close to star ferry , subway station and airport train. One block fron hotel you take bus service to world expo centre

we stayed here for two nights at the end of a tour of China .

i stayed here on a trip to Hong Kong , splitting the time between the Sheraton and the Eton. The Sheraton was picked because it was a superior class hotel , and the Eton was picked because it was a good class hotel at a much lesser price to spend the rest of the holiday .

i stayed there a few times ; lately this year in Jan. Quality has gone down each time. The hotel has an ok location and from some rooms , you can see the harbour but some buildings are in front . Apart from this , there is nothing special and you may want to consider better places in HK .

stay in Sheraton 09-13 December 2008 .

a great location.....close to the ferry , beautiful harbor view from our room and very comfortable. Some might say the room is small , but we had all of the amenities we needed. A good bed and a very functional bathroom. We did not dine in the hotel. Very helpful concierge desk .

hotel was being renovated when we stayed there so I am sure that it is even better now. The location is very good and the view of the nightly light show could n't be better. The rate included breakfast and it was very good. The quantity and variety was incredible. The night market was fairly close as was the ferry to Hong Kong. High tea was wonderful I highly recommend it. Spa services were nice as well and the pool area overlooked the city ; very nice. I would always spend the extra money for the city view .

good hotel with a high level of service. Located accros from the Peninsula Hotel and my room had views of Nathan Road and the harbour. Good selection of restaurants , but a bit pricey . The buffet breakfast was good with a large selection , but pricey at USD $ 32 .

i stayed three nights in a deluxe harbor view-room with a great view of Hong Kong skyline. Good hotel-location in bustling Tsim Sha Tsui. Near harbor promenade and Star Ferry .

perfect hotel... on Tsim Sha Tsui with one of the best view over the Hong Kong Harbour.... service and hotel is great. Peerfect mix between luxury , great service and business facilities... .

i stayed in the Hong Kong Sheraton in October 2008 and I was very pleased with the service of the hotel .

had 4 nights at the Sheraton Hong Kong - what a fantastic hotel. Worth paying the extra for a harbour view. Breakfast was as good as you could get and the mini bar promotion was well used and very reasonable . Food in the hotel restaurants was very expensive . There were so many good local restaurants especially around the Temple Street area which were authentic and really good value. It was about a 15 minute walk up Nathan Road to Temple Street markets and the whole area was really buzzing. Pool was immaculate and never crowded even though it was quite small.Took a trip to Stanley and Repulse Bay which were lovely and reminded me of South Africa .

we stayed for 4 days and loved the hotel. Its located in a fabulous position just minutes from Nathan Road , opposite the Peninsula Hotel and across the road from The Avenue of Stars , a fantastic harbour side walk with stunning city views. It took 35minutes taxi ride from the airport which costs $ 200HKD and its approx 45mins using the airport express train to Kowloon Station .

the Sheraton Towers in Kowloon are very centrally located on Nathan Road , towards the Hong Kong Island end of Kowloon , and across the street from the Penisular Hotel .

big hotel in Kowloon. Overlooking Hong Kong Harbor. Pay the extra money for the view ! Nice service , just off Nathan Road for great shopping. I can highly recommend the place. PS : go to the bar on the top floor at night - have a drink and enjoy the Hong Kong Skyline

this Sheraton is one of the best hotels I 've ever stayed at and I would highly recommend it to anyone. It 's location is along the waterfront right at the foot of the famous Nathan Road and within walking distance to all the shopping in Kowloon .

as a Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest , I tend to stay at lots of Sheratons. I actually switched from the J.W. Marriott to this Sheraton , and enjoyed the Sheraton better and for $ 100 less per night .

stayed at the Sheraton Hong Kong for 7 nights. In that whole time they did n't miss a beat. Nothing we asked for was a problem and our requests were carried out to the letter. Near the end of the stay my partner remarked that surely something was going to go wrong with the hotel or a staff member would upset us or something but nothing like that happened at all. Almost every day they did something for us that surprised us at how thoughtful and welcoming they are. If you are the sort of person who likes to complain then that would be the only reason you would stay away from this hotel as you will be hard pressed to find things to complain about .

we enjoyed our 2 nights stay very much. Even though it is a business-oriented hotel , staff made our junior feel at home. Little touches like apples for picking at the lift lobbies on the guest floors , moisturiser in the common restrooms &amp ; lovely decor too , a postcard which they would post for free , etc , surprised us .

stayed three nights for business meetings. The room is small but nice with a good view of the harbor. Service was very good both during the meeting and check-in / check-out. Good location .

four of us spent six nights here as a getaway .

we have stayed in many of the Starwood â € ™ s chain hotels and this one is just above average .

we spent five nights at the Sheraton in July broken up at the beginning and end of our trip to China. On our second stay , we were upgraded to a larger , harbour-view room. There were no problems requesting non-smoking rooms .

wonderful location overlooking the harbor , close to MTR and all kinds of food , shopping , etc. Room was a fair size for a solo traveler .

this is more like a 3/4 star. Smallish rooms , Expensive food and internet. Roof pool closed a lot. Great view and good location .

in the last three years I have stayed three times at the Sheraton Hong Kong. The staff is excellent. The rooms are clean , in good condition , but small and very expensive. Good location. For the price there are better choices in HK. Good place to use Starwood points .

we recently stayed at the HK Sheraton for 2 nights May 24-26 , 2008 using Starwood points and had a room on the Executive Level. Here are the pros and cons :

we checked in to our premier deluxe harbour view tower room on Sunday night and checked out on Tuesday morning. The staff were very nice and the club floor dining room was also very nice , but the smell of stale cigarettes on our pillow and the rock hard bed drove us out .

we stayed at the Sheraton Hong Kong for business. It 's a decent enough place not great - not terrible on the whole , but how a contemporary hotel can exist without wireless Internet access is beyond me. They do provide a wired ethernet service -- but be aware you will need to pay extra for it at a premium hotel ! The lack of Wi Fi is especially troubling since both their website and the person checking us in indicated it was available. We will not be staying at the Sheraton again and I hope that any visitors requiring wireless will reconsider .

we just stayed six nights at the Sheraton in Hong Kong. Firstly , the positive - the location is good - close to both the MTR and the Star Ferry for easy access to the main island .

transiting Hong Kong for the US , we got stuck due to cancellation of flights. We decided to make the most of it and did a 2 night 3 day tour of Hong Kong. Hitting the highlights , from the Sheraton , which is in Kowloon , we walked to McDonalds for breakfast we have a 7 year old and then to the ferry terminal 15 minute walk and took the ferry to Hong Kong Island. The ferry costs about .50 cents per adult and kids are even cheaper. Upon arrival on the other side , we walked our way to The Peak tram they do not take credit cards for the tram ; it 's about $ 5 per adult and half for kids. Going to the top is a very worthwhile trip with unforgettable views of the city and the peninsula. You do n't need to buy the special Sky Terrace pass , which is about $ 2 more ; you wo n't be missing anything special. Although , having a small meal or drinks up at the restaurants look like they might be worthwhile since the views are spectacular from there. There 's even a Burger King up there. At the top , there 's a tourist help center that is helpful with directions for when you get back down. We asked for directions to &quot ; the worlds longest moving walkway&quot ; and once we got back down , took a one-way bus ride to find it. Ca n't remember what stop it was. Taking the walkway leads you to SoHo. It 's kind of a tourist trap in terms of restaurants but we ended up eating at a local Italian place...pizza and pasta. After lunch , we walked back to the ferry stop and back to Kowloon. Once in Kowloon , we bought bus tickets to find our way to the &quot ; Ladies shopping area&quot ; . It 's depicted on the tour maps. Basically , it 's outdoor shopping with over a 100 vendors. You must bargain there. If it 's Made in China , you can find it there. Afterwards , we took a bus back to the Sheraton for a quick break and then in the evening , went back out to the &quot ; men 's shopping&quot ; area. It 's similar to the ladies market. We walked there via the Kowloon park very nice park in the middle of the city---incredible pool . The men 's shopping is about half way between the hotel and the ladies shopping. In the evening at 8 pm , the highrises do a light show that you can see from the top of the Sheraton or from the harbour across the street. We chose to go out and see it from the harbour. It 's literally right across the street. The lightshow sounds better on paper than it actually is they really could have made it so much more , but the skyline of Hong Kong Island is really something to see , at night .

sheraton in Kowloon is great location on Nathan Rd with excellent common areas and very nice rooms. We had room with indirect harbour view on 9th floor but was good enough. This room did not have the bath with glass wall , but did include a good work desk , nice amenities , great closet , and very good Sheraton bed. We often find Westins to be superior to Sheraton in the Starwood chain , but this Sheraton was as good as most Westins where we have stayed. Excellent bath and amenities and space utilization .

this is our second time staying at the Sheraton Hong Kong with our two kids. While most would stay at this hotel for the shopping on Nathan Road , we returned to his hotel a second time because it is right next to a playground located at Signal Hill Park. With two , four-year olds they were two last time we were in HK , they have energy to burn. The playground has different structures for the under 5 , and those 5-12. We went twice in our four-day stay and saw no other kids at the playground on a weekday and a weekend. The park is very well-maintained with washroom facilities , view , and you can even hear the birds. We found that ordering a continental breakfast and American breakfast through room service was enough for all four of us and cheaper than the breakfast buffet in the restaurant .

brief 2 night stop over. Unfortunately you get what you pay for.. .

their service is impeccable. Always friendly , alert , and accommodating , especially in the restaurants .

when booking this hotel I strongly urge people to splash out a little more and get a room with a harbopur view. The night time show played out on the buildings on Hong Kong Island is just incredible .

stayed at the Sheraton for seven nights during Lunar New Year in February. Found staff at reception helpful and asked if we would like to inspect our room prior to committing to it. Upon inspection found the view to be breathtaking and the room clean , fresh and pleasant. Bathroom a tad small , but fantastic view. Found room service to be prompt , inexpensive and very tasty. Purchased alcohol from local 7-Eleven store to enjoy in room and watch the Symphony of Lights , from the comfort of our room outstanding . Used the Tour Desk based in hotel on a couple of occasions and found them very informative and helpful , especially &quot ; Shirley&quot ; . At time of our stay hotel undergoing major redevelopment , which we were made aware of prior to booking , however , did not affect our stay in any way. Breakfast cafe had a vast array of foods to choose from with views overlooking Nathan Road , staff very pleasant. Great location , short walk to Ferry terminal and other attractions .

stopped over in HK in December and stayed at the Sheraton. The hotel is located in Tsim Sha Tsui next to the Peninsula Hotel. Location is good - a 5-minute walk from the subway , which is efficient and reaches most places travellers would probably visit .

i came to Hong Kong for my birthday in June 2007 and I looked at numerous hotels including the Hilton and a few others and they did the best offer if you joined their membership programme so I did , and I earned triple points Which is nearly enough points to stay for 2 nights for free . But anyway I stayed there for 5 or six nights. I booked a Deluxe room which was one of the nicest tower hotel rooms i 've stayed in. It was very modern , spacious and spotless. Check in was done very quickly and they gave me an upgrade. During my stay I had a spa facial there. It was pricey but worth the money and the staff there were really friendly. The hotel is situated right in the centre , seconds away from the metro station. As Hong Kong is a shopping heaven there is actually a shopping centre somewhere in the hotel with stores such as Burberry and some others. Finding the hotel was really easy as we took the train there. Its a lovely hotel and if I had the choice I would return again. I was 100 % satisfied .

been to HK many times , but this was my first stay at the Sheraton and it certainly wo n't be my last. Though the rooms are average , the service and amenities throughout the hotel are outstanding. Had a problem with some noisy neighbors , but the hotel staff quickly took care of the problem and subsequently sent me a bottle of wine for my troubles. If you are on business , this hotel is a must .

you couldn â € ™ t ask for a better location. The hotel is centrally located , within walking distance to many sights , the subway and the ferry. The main reason to stay here is for the harbor view. The room itself is small , clean and modern , what you would expect from a Sheraton. The reason we stayed here was for the harbor view room. If you don â € ™ t need the harbor view , there are dozens of other options in Hong Kong. The breakfast buffet is extensive and tasty. There is also a tour agency in the hotel , which was great for booking trips outside of Hong Kong. Our friend stayed down the street at the YMCA. I must say it was very nice. His room was newly remodeled , clean and modern. A great value for the money , after seeing the YMCA I would have stayed if I didn â € ™ t want the view. The lounge on the top floor has great views but has a US $ 60 minimum per person after 6PM , A bit much considering I don â € ™ t drink. Overall a great choice if you get a room with a view .

we stayed here for Chinese New year and had a magical time. The view of the city with the Fire works is amazing. The location can â € ™ t be beat and service is top notch. Make sure you get a high floor with the view of the Hong Kong Island. A must for any one to experience .

as a disclaimer , we used starwood points to book our rooms here , so I wo n't comment on how much you get for your money. The rooms are indeed small , but the accommodations were very comfortable. Room decor and bathrooms are very modern. It took a few minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower .

my husband and I really loved this hotel. We stayed in a deluxe harbour view room on the 10th floor. We are SO glad we had a view of the harbour , it was a breathtaking view that we never tired of even after 5 nights. In fact , we made a point of being in our room every evening at 8 for the harbour light show. Bring a small radio and tune it to 103.4 or 103.5-I ca n't remember exactly-and you can listen to the music and building introductions that go along with the show. It sounds cheesy but it was fun to have your own private viewing every evening with a cocktail we packed some travel sized liquor in our checked baggage specifically for that reason . I think the &quot ; deluxe&quot ; harbour view means that it was bigger than some of the rooms mentioned here. We did not think the room was too small at all , especially in a place where space is such a premium .

just returned from a 4 night stay at the Sheraton. Room was small but worked for my wife and I. We stayed in a room without a view. We were offered an upgrade for about $ 50 a night but declined. We thought we might be dissapointed not having a view of the harbour , but since it is just a short walk across the street or an elevator ride to the top floor we managed just fine .

i had a business suite at a supposedly reduced price of HKD4250 USD550 that came with priority check-in and out on the 16 floor. It was a lovely and large two-bathroom two-room view suite with all the goodies. There was free Internet in an access restricted 16 floor lounge overlooking the harbour. Upstairs is the restaurant and bar and the best view of Hong Kong. The hotel is across from the Peninsula Hotel and at the harbour end of busy Nathan Road. The Metro and ferries are close by. I doubt if you could find a better HK hotel .

i stayed here for a week. Had a decent time. Rooms are small by US Standards. I was paying $ 375 USD per day. Goal was to stay in a good hotel and that is the price you pay in HKG .

i 'm a Starwood member , so I used up all my points to end my honeymoon at this Sheraton. I have to say that this was one of the best Sheratons that I 've stay at and I 've stayed a quite a few as I had enough points for a couple of nights stay .

sheraton Hong Kong is located in &quot ; the hotel district&quot ; . It 's the cleaner end of the city where you 'll be hassled by the locals flogging custom made suits. It 's near the train which is great if you plan to travel to the outer regions. The rooms are small but you 've got to expect that in Hong Kong , and they are very clean. Service is fantastic. If you get the offer , upgarde to a view room - we did for just an extra $ 100 for 2 nights and it was well worth it. The view was awesome. Breakfast is great but as usual , quite expensive. I was very happy with this hotel. Qutie a walk to the markets though - suggest cabbing it. Not fussed with Hong Kong though - if you 're considering it as a stopover , think about doing Singapore instead... it 's much nicer .

be sure to upgrade to a Harbour View room to enjoy the nightly light show @ 8pm. Fantastic. It is worth the money to upgrade for this reason. Rooms are on the smaller size , but very modern with glass bathrooms. The hotel coffee shop is good , quick service and super busy , especially on weekends. Close to train stations so very easy to get around the city .

i stayed at the Sheraton for one night returning from China after a business trip. It was exactly what I needed , while the bedroom was slightly compact it was extremely comfortable and the bathroom was a good size to be able to relax .

stayed here for 3 nights with a friend who was on a business trip in September 2007 , so we did n't have to pay for lodging but I have heard that the cost is pretty reasonable for what you 're getting .

wow ! absolutely fantastic. Up graded to harbour view. All was superb loved it !

we arrived at Sheraton Hong Kong Hotel Tower around noon and needed to wait for about 15 minutes to check-in. The hotel lobby was a busy place and a long cue was in front of the check-in desk .

stayed at the Hong Kong Sheraton for 4 nights in August 2007 .

the hotel is located right next to the best retail stores like fendi and luis vuitton and has an amazing view of the harbour .

stayed here for 2 nights in a harbour view room. It is true that the room was not huge , but I found it adequate. What was indeed ridiculously small was the wardrobe. I had trouble squeezing my stuff in there. Other than that , I liked the room , especially the phantastic view. Public areas are elegant and very well maintained. Staff is friendly and efficient , in some few cases with a tilt towards efficiency rather than friendliness. Breakfast buffet was average. All in all , it is a typical 5-star chain hotel , and it delivers all you can reasonably expect , not less , and apart from the view not more .

we booked a room facing the harbor and got one on the 15th floor. The view was fantastic. You get an almost unblocked view of the skyscrapers in Hong Kong. Location was good with easy access to the subway. The room 's modern with lots of glass including a glass wall between the bathroom and the rest of the room -- so you get the full view of the city from the bathroom . However , the room was a bit small , and for two people in the room , we kept walking into each other. Like one of the other reviewers , we did n't enjoy Hong Kong hot weather , crowds and rude people but loved the hotel. The Sky Lounge is a great place for drinks and food small portions -- with a view. Service at the lobby lounge was slow .

upgraded to the Towers portion before arriving , so no negotiating at the time of check in. What an amazing property and view. We absolutely enjoyed the Towers. In Fact , the hotel was the greatest part of Hong Kong for us !

we just returned from 2 night stay at the Sheraton Hotel

i was in Hong Kong on business for 3 days and stayed at the Sheraton Hotel. The service was good overal and the room was clean and comfortable .

we stayed at the Sheraton , Hong Kong for 2 weeks in September '06 for

we took the upgrade to a Deluxe Harbour View Room and didn â € ™ t regret it for a moment. Fantastic view from a room that was generous sized by any standard â € “ and rooms in HK can be on the small side. Hotel has reasonable outside space on he roof and is ideally positioned for Nathan Road shopping , the MRT or Star Ferry to Central .

my partner and I stayed in this hotel in June 2007.The hotel room was small,but clean and neat.The bed was really nice,but the A/C was too cold .

stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The rooms with harbour view lowest price are very , very small too expensive for what it is . However the location is great and the people are very helpful and nice .

my partner and I visited Hong Kong in late January and stayed at the Sheraton Hong Kong Hotel and Towers - A newly renovated semi-luxurious hotel with an excellent location in the heart of Kowloon .

myself and my partner stayed here recently and I can honestly say that I have never had a better experience in any hotel. We had a beautiful room overlooking Hong Kong harbour which was stunning. The room was spotless , but overall I can not say enough for the levil of hospitality we experienced at this hotel , it was faultless. Breakfast was a lovely experience , the choice of food was excellent , and on the Saturday morning we were offered champaign , one of the staff told us that this was normal at weekends. We did spend some time in the Sky Lounge of the hotel and the memories of the lovely staff we met there will stay with us , the service and friendliness we experienced there was priceless. Overall we would not hesitate to go back there again , it was one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in .

i stayed 3 nights at the Sheraton Hong Kong on a 2-week trip through Asia. I am an SPG member , and used points to stay at the hotel for two nights , picking up the third night myself. I was n't disappointed with my choice .

i 've stayed here twice in 2006 and this year february for 18 nights .

we stayed here in March for 14 days. Unfortunately it does just not live up to it 's star rating or represent good valuse for the pricing. From where we sat , we booked this hotel for the service they promised. If I just only wanted a bed , I 'd book a backpackers !

just a typical Sheraton - could just as easily be Pittsburgh , Atlanta , or Des Moines. Room size &amp ; decor are OK , but my view was the inner courtyard , despite my advance request for a room with some sort of view. One nice touch - the nighlight under the bathroom vanity that comes on automatically when you turn the lights off. The breakfast buffet has a good variety , but it comes at a typically high HK price yeah , it 's my company 's money , but still - &gt ; $ 25 for that breakfast ? . Try a muffin and coffee from the lobby shop for a much more reasonable deal , or visit the nearby SOGO grocery store in the subterranean mall for fresh fruit and pastries and a much more interesting cultural experience .

i simply do n't understand why everyone is so negative about this hotel. It is in line with Sheratons all over the world and lets face it Sheraton sometimes leave it a little long between renovations , but every frequent traveller would know that .

the good :

we travel to Hong Kong regulary on business and usually stay at the Harbour Plaza Hung Hom. We decided to stay more central this time and chose the Sheraton .

there are so many hotels in Hong Kong , I would strongly consider any of the other options. The Sheraton here is just way too overpriced for what you get. The rooms are small , and our non-smoking room smelled strongly of smoke. The service was fine all around , but at close to $ 450 a night with taxes , I would expect better .

the Sheraton was a great experience for me. Maybe it was due to the fact that I had stayed in some remote areas of China earlier in the week , so the Sheraton was a welcome change !

i am a VERY frequent flyer and have stayed in Starwood hotels all over the world - this one does n't rate. As a Gold member , the upgrade that was offered was a move to a lower floor where the benefits were a a different pattern on the carpet from the lifts to my room ; b nicer decor ? ? ! ! ! I shudder to think what that would be ! ! ! The booking was incorrect - booked a KING bed and was offered 2 twin beds on arrival ; b the rate was changed to a more expensive rate - despite the agent telling me that it would be &quot ; no problem&quot ; . What she meant was it would be no problem to her ! ! The staff are very selective in greeting guests in the restaurants .. an Indian colleague pointed out how they practically fell over themselves to wish caucasian guests &quot ; have a nice day &quot ; etc but do not extend this to non-white guests. How ironic in China ! Guess it 's a hangover from times when the parks had signs &quot ; No dogs or chinese allowed&quot ; .

the Sheraton Hong Kong is located in a very convenient part of Tsim Sha Tsui. Next to The Peninsula and across the street from the Science Musuem , you can walk to the Star Ferry in 5 minutes or be in the MTR subway in 2 minutes .

the Sheraton was okay - neither good nor bad. The hotel itself is nice enough , the gym is ok , the food was not great and neither was the cleaning of the rooms .

after staying in this hotel for four weeks I can safely say DO NOT BOOK this hotel ! ! On arrival at 1.00 AM I still had too wait 20 minutes before I could check in. During the check in they proudly told me I got a verry nice sea view room. After a long flight I really just wanted to have a good night sleep and enjoy the hotel. Unfortunately when I entered I was shocked. I do not need mutch especially since I was staying alone. But my room was soo small I could not even unpack my suitcase since there was no place. When looking out of the windows all I could see was the back of a building with a neon sign. I called reception too ask what the possibilities were for a bigger room but apperently I already had the membership level room...when I asked where my seaview was they put their face against the wall and said if you would look past the building you could see a corner of water ? !

executive room - ACU had leaked all down the wall and so the white wall had light brown streaks down it - NO seperate shower , stand in the tub and carpet from the 70 's. View was ok over the isalnd. Not what I expected and definately not worth the money. .

our stay at Sheraton Hong Kong would be the best after our honeymoon 10 years ago. We travelled as a family with three kids 9,6 and 4. We had a set of two interconnected rooms which was very convenient. Rooms were of good size. Loved the glass sink and counter in the bathroom. Housekeeping were there around the clock. Everyone at the hotel seemed very friendly ; front desk , coffeeshop , housekeeping.... Breakfast was great. Everyone could find their favorite food to start up the day. Have n't tried the other hotel restaurants as we always prefer other places with less formal settings outside the hotel .

impressive hotel with impressive views !

we had a fantastic 2 night stay at the Sheraton. My boyfriend made the booking through our travel agent and the only hitch was that we arrived to a room with two single beds. The hotel staff changed us to a room with a king bed at no extra charge without too much fuss. The service staff were not outwardly friendly but polite and efficient. The room was clean and cosy ... one of the best I 've stayed in no harbour view . The room included a couch/sofa , desk , bed and TV through which you can check your room bill. Little extras include complimentary bottled water , dressing gowns , nice Sheraton shampoo/condition/body wash , sewing kit , toothbrush and toothpaste. It was my birthday during our stay and a lovely piece of cake was delivered to my room with candles and all by the hotel staff which I thought was such a nice gesture .

we are a family of six two are teenagers and we had a great time.Even though we did not eat at the hotel , we found everything else on offer spot on.Yes , we did have a harbour view and like other reviews it was fabulous and the room was big enough for three of us in each room and each bed very comfortable .

our family of 4 travelled to Hong Kong for Christmas this year and we decided to book 2 rooms at the Sheraton in Kowloon , staying 5 nights. What a great choice ! We had 2 adjoining rooms which was fantastic and we were fortunate the have harbour view rooms so we see the Symphony of Lights show every night as well as the fireworks on Christmas Eve and Christmas Evening without going outside. The Sheraton is located a short walk to the Star Ferry , which takes you across to Hong Kong Island , there is an entry to the MTR Subway train system across the road and you can walk in any direction and find wonderful shopping to suit all budgets. The staff were the friendliest I have come across , very helpful and polite. No request made to the staff was too small or too hard , they did their best at all times. The buffet breakfast was a feast every day and at no time were we disappointed with the variety or quality of the food. There are a number of restaurants at the hotel , as well as the sensational views when you go to the SkyBar. All in all , staying at the Sheraton made our first trip to Hong Kong memorable .

we stayed here for three nights. I requested the non-smoking rooms during my booking since we had two young children with us. Upon arrival , they said that there are no more non-smoking rooms left. I would have to upgrade the rooms with an additional charge to have a non-smoking room. I made the woman call her manager to get an approval to get me the non-smoking rooms without any additional charges. She kept on saying that I did not make the request when I booked the rooms. After about five minutes , we finally got our non-smoking rooms. They have the rudest people working there. We left our rooms at seven in the morning , and when we came back around two o'clock , the rooms still have not been clean. I had the make up room sign on for over six hours. I had to call housekeeping to have them clean our rooms. They said that they forgot our rooms. We went down to the lobby to wait for almost thirty minutes while they clean our room. My children were hungry , and I gave them a piece of bread pineapple bun for a snack in the lobby. A woman came up and started yelling at us for eating in the lobby. I told her that we had no where to eat since housekeeping forgot to clean our rooms. She just kept on telling us to put our food away instead of finding us a solution to our problem. I was so mad , that I called the duty manager to complain. He apologized by sending a plate of chocolate and cookies to our room. I guess that he thinks a plate of choclolate and cookies will solve our problems with this hotel. I will never come back to Sheraton Hong Kong ever again .

book the reservation by phone , the reservation staff is very friendly they offer me with the rate of HKD1400 + + , when i check in to the hotel i pay extra of HKD1100 + + to try their harbour view room with breakfast. The view was prefect very nice full facing the harbour , in the morning when sunrise you feel that extra of HKD1100 + + is just worth of money. But then few unhappy things happen :

we stayed here for three nights and found the hotel to be very comfortable and luxurious.The room had every little thing that you might want , dressing gowns , slippers , toiletries , tea &amp ; coffee , internet , safe ect. It was very nicely decorated and all the public areas were very elegant and plush .

we booked this hotel through the spg.com site on the strength of its ranking on trip advisor and of the candid pictures we had looked at. We were staying four nights as a stopover on our way back from Japan. What a shambles , this is an old , tired , property with small rooms complete with 1970s decor...The reservation system is totally misleading. The hotel name &quot ; Sheraton Hotel &amp ; TOWERS&quot ; means that unless you are in the know , even as an spg member , your booking will land you a room well below par on a regular floor. We refused two rooms and found out by reading the floor directory in the lift that TOWERS refers to the executive floors 16th &amp ; 17th floors , complete with lounge and facilities closer to a hotel of that caliber. We had to upgrade our booking , at our cost and waste our time before being issued with a partial harbour view and a comfortable but disappointing room. The rest of the hotel is like an ageing ship with station like facilities...Not a patch on other properties visited whilst in Hong Kong. So buyer beware...at over $ 300 , this is not good value , even if the towers staff was pleasant .

have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel and it was absolutely excellent !

stayed here 3 nights 7-10 November 06 as husband has Gold status. Disappointed to find that only Platinum status reaps any rewards - Hong Kong Sheraton is a rulebook unto itself. On check-in , and providing copy of confirmed booking , staff member could find no evidence of our booking. Called over another staff and they both spent 3-4 minutes looking at the piece of paper , almost willing it to reveal the answer to their situation ! We were eventually put into a Club room on the 8th floor. On looking out of the window which provided a good harbour view we were very unhappy to see a building site on the road in front of the hotel. Knowing a lot about the construction industry , we realised we would have early wake-up calls and perhaps late working at night. Not what you want at HK $ 3000/night. Asked reception and they promised work only between 8am and 6pm. Sure enough , next morning we were woken by a motorised jackhammer at 7.10am. After many attempts to get explanation , we were moved to another room - still could hear construction noise , and eventually were given a suite at the back of the hotel facing a courtyard. Heaven ! We were also given a complimentary bottle of wine and fruit bowl. The Executive Lounge is for Platinum and Tower guests only. The only advantage of using this Sheraton if you are not Platinum is to accrue points .

this was my second time at the Sheraton. The rooms have been upgraded. Very comfortable in every way. The location could n't be more perfect. Near the train , Avenues of the Stars , New World Center , the Harbor view , light show at night , Nathan road , restaurants at the Peninsula , etc.. .

we stayed at the Sheraton for 5 nights and had an excellent stay. We decided to opt for a Harbour view room and boy , was it worth it , the view of the harbour was amazing ! Our room was modern , large and was kept immaculately clean. The location of the hotel was superb , great access to Star Ferry , MTR and all the main sites .

covenient location for Kowloon business. Simply average accomodations. Stayed in executive suite and it was ... average.. .

my family of four stayed in this hotel for five days in two adjacent rooms. We stayed in the deluxe harbour view rooms and although the view was unbelievable , the service was n't up to the level of the view .

we stayed here on 9th and 10th October 2006 .

stayed here during Easter holiday. Booked by telephone. Had requested room with separate shower and bath due to mobility problems. When we arrived found room with shower over tub. Advised reception not suitable and they upgraded me to a suitable room , also with excellent harbour view- at no extra cost. previous room did not have the view. i think maybe only deluxe rooms have separate bath and shower , suggest you specifically ask when booking Hotel has great location. next to lift wich takes you to underground passageway to allow you to cross busy road. Service excellent. Breakfast buffet style delicious , quite pricey but if you go out can easily find lots of other eateries .

this hotel is really 5 star material. It has been refurbished not so long ago so it meets world standards in the rooms stakes and after a full day slogging the shopping its a pleasure to return to the room. I also loved the lobby toilets , they were so clean you could almost eat in there !

i 've stayed at this hotel twice already and it 's not one of best hotel that others have described. I stayed here because of business since I travelled extensively in Asia for my job and the company that I am now working for do not let us stay at the Intercontinental which is across the street which I absolutely LOVED ! .. .

let me first say that there is nothing terribly wrong with this hotel but it definitely does not deserve the # 1 rating given some of the other fabulous hotels in the city .

stayed for 2 nights for business , good location but slightly away from the main shopping area on nathan road , close to the harbour and near the shopping malls there and cultural centre , space museum , star ferry , etc. underground station is 2 minutes walk away .

this is our second time at the hotel. The first time was 13 years ago so it certainly has changed .

i stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in August 2006. This is an impressive hotel. To my surprise , I was upgraded to a harbour view room. In addition , I had a late checkout to 4pm and a complimentary buffet breakfast at the Someplace Else restuarant each day the Cafe was being renovated . The service at this hotel was exceptional and every request I made through guest services on the telephone was met promptly. Housekeeping did a great job , even checking to see if I wanted my room made up on the day of my departure. The rooftop pool and the gym are worth a visit. It is the attention to detail which makes this hotel a delight to stay at. I thoroughly recommend this hotel to any traveller .

we just returned from a four day stay at the Sheraton in Kowloon and after staying at &quot ; 5 star&quot ; hotels in Singapore and Kuala Lumpur on the visit think the Sheraton is every bit their equal. We got a harbor view room at a great rate from one of the three big internet sources it pays to do this , as at every stop we found one of the three with much better pricing than the other two - less than $ 200 US per night. And the view of Victoria Harbor was nothing less than stunning. You ca n't beat this location very close to the MRT station , bus routes , great shopping , Star Line ferry , and more. The hotel staff were really helpful and impressive , and that 's after gettting pampered at two other locations on our trip. The room was just a tad small , but nicely designed with a great view of the harbor through the glass front on the bathroom do n't worry it has a drop down shade . If they had n't lost 2 feet to adding the tub and given that back to the living area it would n't have been quite so compact for us Americans , but it 's really just a minor quibble. We 'll definitely be going back. It was spotless , friendly , adventurous , and downright romantic. Highly recommended by two picky east coasters .

this hotel and especially its staff were fantastic. Because we were flying in from Los Angeles we arrived at the hotel at 10 : 30 am. Although check-in time is 3 : 00 pm , we were given our room without any hesitation .

really ca n't fault the Sheraton. Excellent location for Kawloon , friendly staff. Stylish hotel with great shopping on your doorstep. Good sized clean room with great bathroom. Great breakfast with excellent buffet and nice views if you can get a seat by the window. Good rooftop pool and great gym. Hey they even have pump classes if you are that keen. Can not recommend this hotel highly enough .

we stayed at the Sheraton from July 24-29 , 2006. The hotel has a good Kowloon location , close to the MTR subway , and a five minute walk to the Star Ferry and Harbour City Shopping mall 700 stores ! .

i had a great time in HK and staying in Sheraton made it a great vacation. Hotel facilities and service was excellent. We were upgraded to a Harbor view room so we enjoyed the view day and night. Would definitely choose Sheraton again as it is value for money .

i went to Hong Kong with three of my friends for a week of shopping as girls do ! It was our first time abroad together , a bit of an indulgence , and we really wanted it to be special. And it was ! ! We had requested two harbour view rooms , and if possible , interconnecting. We were told this may not be possible , however , on our arrival we had exactly what we ordered. Perfect !

after an initial difficulty getting a room with a harbour view which we had requested , we received one with a partial view , on 14th floor. Infact it had an excellent view , especially of the illuminations at night. Quite spectacular. To compensate for the difficulty , the management sent us a bottle of chilled Bordeaux white wine. A nice touch ! ! ! Room was large with excellent amenities .

i stayed at the Sheraton between the 10th and 14th of June 2006. Loved the view from my deluxe harbour room. We could see the 8PM light shows from the room. The room service was really good as were the reception and conceirge. The turn down service was good and I loved the chocolates on the pillow. The american breakfast was so huge that one breakfast was enough for two of us. Huge pancakes and waffles ! Also the location of the hotel is very convenient for travelling .

from the time we arrived at the Sheraton , opened our room door and saw the fantastic view our time at the Sheraton was marvelous ! The staff were friendly , nothing too much for them , especially the dining room staff. We usually have our meals at night away from the hotel , but this time we had our meals there , we could not complain at all. We will definitely stay there again. The size of the room did not matter , where else in the world does your room and bathroom look over a beautiful harbour ! It was fascinating to watch the workmen doing the Salisbury Rd works !

i first stayed at the Sheraton Hong Kong in 1983 , and have been back to it a number of times. However in the last ten years , business has taken me to the Island side instead Grand Hyatt , Shangri-la , Ritz Carlton etc - each one a class act . This time , on holiday , my wife and I chose the Sheraton. The standout in our experience was the service. By our second visit to the cafe staff remembered our table preference and other wishes , one more trip and they remembered our names. Desk staff fixed an error in our bookings which involved calls to BA in England , volunteering to do so even though the problem was not theirs and the solution ultimately cost the hotel money. On arrival they smoothly moved two tired travellers from London to a room at 8am that they did not have to provide until 2pm ; outbound a team of staff helped us and our baggage into a car with style and helpful suggestions AND they did not stand around looking for a tip...I had to pursue them to give it. This is an older hotel which has recognised that you can win with your people , even if your rooms are a little smaller , your decor a little older , and many of your views not as great as they once were. Well done ! And when the Salisbury Park development on the harbour front is finally finished , the views from many rooms will pick up. It is well located , close to the airport train terminal , MTR underground , and Star Ferry. It is warm clean comfortable and with all facilities. In the area , the harbour end of Nathan Rd has been cleaned up - there are now under-road connections from the Sheraton to an underground department store Sogo , the New World Centre shopping mall much improved and the cultural facilities and walkways along the harbour front. We really enjoyed our stay and we will be back .

i loved this hotel. I went on business so I did n't get to experience all ameneties but it is a great place to stay. The rooms are small but are elegantly furnished. The bed was very comfortable and the harbor view unbelievable. The bathrooms are fantastic. The breakfast in the lounge is very good with a breathtaking view. Would definitely stay there again !

brilliant hotel. Fantastic service was particualrly impressed with the evening turn down service. Lovely room , the bathroom was brilliant. We paid for a harbour view , which was well worth the extra HK $ 300 per night. Brilliant location !

we arrived after a long flight to find that a twin room had been allocated for my family of 3. The hotel offered a cot free of charge , but my 7 year old daughter was not impressed ! We had two options , either to pay Â £ 20 a night for a roll away bed to be put in the small twin room or to pay Â £ 40 a night for upgrade to a suite. We chose the latter , but it ate into our holiday budget because we were staying for 7 nights. The suite was fantastic .

my mum and I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks end of February. The location is great but I was disappointed to see two single beds instead of the usual two double beds that we get in other hotels. Maybe it 's a Hong Kong thing. The room is small but we had the harbour view room which we paid extra . The bathroom is excellent with two double glass sinks , a separate shower and bath. We enjoyed the view of the harbour with its nightly light show during our stay there. The swimming pool was n't as big as I hoped , small in comparision to other places I 've stayed. They have three spa baths on their rooftop. However , I must say the location is the best , next to the MRT station via KCR train entrance . I get my digital photos developed across the road at this photo store near the 7 Eleven store after my daily travels. Also the currency exchange booth between 7 Eleven and Photo place offered the best currency exchange rate in the area. You can get your money exchanged at the hotel , the rates are n't that bad either in comparision to some of the places around Nathan Road. The breakfast buffet bar was superb ! ! The staff there was fantastic , they saw me so often they would wave at me whenever I enter the restaurant and knew what I wanted to eat. They were excellent when my mother got sick , they made an appointmet for me with a doctor across the road. Very handy .

we have just returned from this hotel after spending 8 nights there. I read all the reviews on here before I booked and I took some of the advice offered by previous reviewers. I am very glad I did .

we stayed at the Sheraton in early February on our way to Thailand and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We stayed in a Deluxe Harbour View Towers Level room. We were on the 17th floor so the view was great. The room was not huge compared to the rooms we had in Thailand , but for Hong Kong it certainly was a decent size .

we stayed at the Hong Kong Sheraton for 5 nights during the end of Feb 2006. I think it must probably be one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. The room was very nice on floor 10 with a stunning harbour view. It was very clean and quite spacious , the bathroom was ultra modern with glass basins and shelves .

having been to Hong Kong several times , this hotel stay has been the best . I have booked my family and myself a Habour View room for 2 nites 14 - 16 Feb , as the deluxe one was fully booked . We stayed on the 11th floor and had an awesome view of the harbour .

i stayed at the Sheraton for 4 nights in January 2006 .

we stayed two nights in early December 2005. The hotel was very busy so we were unable to upgrade to a harbour view room but nonetheless we enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much. Service was very good and the room and facilities were excellent .

stayed here for 5 nights and found the location fantastic , the rooms really quite spacious , and the beds were fantastic .

as others have mentioned , the location of this hotel is great. It 's at the southern tip of Tsim Sha Tsui across from the Peninsula. It 's a short walk to the Star ferry and the entrance to the MTR is right beside the hotel , by the KCR entrance .

stayed at the Sheraton for 2 nights on the way out to Australia and 1 night on the way back. The hotel proved to be the perfect choice. Had a great harbour view on first visit and got upgraded to a suite on the way back. Rooms are very modern with fantastic glass bathrooms and are extremely comfortable and spotless. Excellent service too. We had dinner in the restaurant on the 17th floor - great food and stunning views. Breakfast did n't disappoint either .

excellent Hotel , Stayed in a Harbour View Room on the 12th Floor right opposite the Convention Centre on Hong Kong Island. Really comfortable beds &quot ; Sheraton Sleeper Beds&quot ; . Nice to have a shave in the bathroom overlooking the Harbour while listening to TV on the in bathroom speakers. Buffet Breakfast was good but a little expensive but good selection .

i stayed in this Hotel for one night. May be that is why they gave me

we stayed here on our honeymoon and although we didnt have a harbour view room our room was clean , large and suitably furnished. They have amazing bathrooms and nice comfy beds. The service is excellent with chocolates and water with the bed turned down each night. The hotel is located directly above the KCR train subway entrance and also the MTR can be accessed from here. The location couldnt be better. The staff were always friendly and helpful and we asked for a late checkout till 1pm which they oblidged with as checkout is usually 12noon. There is a 7/11 located behind the hotel which is great for snacks and drinks. The pool area/jacuzzis are fantastic for nighttime views and on the last night we found the glass elevator which you get great views to hong kong island from. If you are not in the harbour tower this can be accessed from the same floor as the sky lounge which also has amazing views

an absolutely terrific hotel. We only stayed here for one night and requested a harbour view and paid a hefty price for it aswell about Â £ 135 but it was a saturday night so we wanted to see the fireworks from our room.Unfortunately they only put us on the 5th floor and we werent high enough to see over the buildings.our complaints were fruitless and we werent moved or compensated and there is no view from the bathroom unlike some of the reviews i have read on here....not unless your eyesight bends around walls and doors !

stayed at the Sheraton from August 9th - August 15th. The hotel is very clean and the rooms are adequate size. The location is excellent as it is near Star Ferry and the MTR subway . Staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs. Breakfast at the Cafe is wonderful also .

stayed here one night after several hectic days on the mainland doing business. Excellent service all around. The staff was very friendly and extremely professional. You really got the feeling that you were special e.g. at both check-in and checkout the manager came over and opened a new line for me even though they were only one or two people ahead of me .

booked four nights in a deluxe harbour view room. awesome ! ! ! ! ! . the view was stunning from our 11th floor room and the room itself was large by modern hotel standards and included every toiletry you could imagine including bathrobes and slippers. the bathroom was the best i have ever had in a hotel room and the view is even visible from the bath !

the Sheraton Hotel Hong Kong has undergone a renovation that is to be commended. The rooms , while on the small side , have been beautifully and completely redone. And the food is as good as any 5-star hotel in Hong Kong .

spent five nights in Hong Kong and stayed at the Sherton.What a great choice ,everything was excellent ! ! From the location seconds from the MTR station,next to the Peninsula Hotel and not to mention the Harbour View to the service ,to the beautiful rooms with great glass bathrooms you can sit in the bath looking out across your room through the windows at the Hong Kong skyline ,i cant fault this one bit.We upgraded to the Harbour view

this is hotel is well maintained , and the spacious lobby is well furnished , and a delightful place to visit. The rooms were a little on the small side , but very well furnished with the latest high tech look , including 110 outlets. The Wifi worked well in the room , but unlike the Hyatt in Tokyo which was free , this one ran close to $ 15 US a day. Service was very good , with bottles of water place in your rooms each day. It was within two blocks of the MRT Station , and about 3 long blocks to the Star Ferry .

occasionally , Sheraton manages to get it absolutely right with one of their large hotels. And this is a case in point - doing full justice to its excellent location and superb harbour views .

stayed at the Hong Kong Sheraton for 7 nights the first week of May. It was excellent. No complaints what so ever. The rooms were a good size , very comfortable. I went with my brother and got a twin room. The location is excellent , right in the middle of Tsim Sha Tsui. The Peninsula is right next door and the MTR subway station is just down the street. Harbor City is only a few blocks away , same with the ferry terminal. The service was very typical Hong Kong , very good. The entire staff is attentive and ensures you have everything you need. The gym facilities are very good for a hotel , what â € ™ s most impressive is the view while running on the treadmills. The pool is small but good , is located on the roof so lots of privacy. An excellent stay , and will hopefully return. Oh and for the guys check out the lobby washroom , its impressive .

