we booked a night on a weekday through Airasia website for about HK $ 613. It is very much more expensive to book direct with the hotel. Room rate is HK $ 850 for a friday. The reception staff are not that friendly and helpful. We stayed in one of the renovated room at the main building. We wonder about the reviews given here that rooms are clean as we found sand on the bed. It could only mean the maid did not even change the sheets. It was quite late at night so we have no choice but to brush off sand with a towel. We informed the staff in the morning and they could not comment. For an overpriced room rate , we would at least expect clean sheets on the bed. We did not eat at the restaurant except for breakfast as it was always empty or with only few tables occupied. We would rather eat at the small eateries in the town which are only walking distance away and where the locals hang out .

this hotel is extemely overpriced for what it is. It charges the same price as many better full service hotels , but is basicly only a motel on the beach. It is very hard to get to from the main city and the restaurant is VERY expensive. Luckily there are some very reasonable alternatives nearby. It is worth no more than HK $ 400 per night. I stayed fo 2 nights before changing to another hotel and the second day the room was not cleaned properly. The tea was not replenished and the previous days waste was left uncleaned , and we had no soap in the shower on either night .

stayed here for a relaxing few days. Would definitely return for longer .

we stayed 2 weeks at the Silvermine and had a brilliant time. I would highly recommend it ! We originally booked a place on Kowloon and thankfully found out about the Silvermine before going and so were able to book there instead - we are so glad we made the switch. The city itself is too busy and noisy to stay in , especially if you have young children. The Silvermine offers the quietness of an island location , a good sized pool and an excellent location right on the beach. The centre of Hong Kong itself is just a 30 minute ferry ride away available every 30 mins or more .

the hotel is in a fantastic location but proves the old adage that you get what you pay for. Think Travelodge prices and Travelodge quality and you wo n't be disappointed. The rooms and public areas had been refurbished on the cheap but were OK , apart from furniture and carpets which were stained and threadbare on the stairs. However , the bathroom was about 30 years old and was pretty disgusting. The food was OK but there are nicer bars and restaurants to go to and the ferry back to Hong Kong is only a few minutes walk. The beach is great , which is just as well as the pool was never in action the entire time 6 days we were there. We tackled the manager about this but all he would say is that it was awaiting a part. However , we never saw any action on it and it was so green , I suspect it had been like that for weeks .

great out of the way hotel. Dated and faded but clean enough and very good value indeed at a third to a quarter of down town hotels. Ferry service to central is 45 mins and can get to and fro airport by bus at nominal cost. Local food and drink outside the hotel are very good value but hotel food is expensive............. so eat outside anywhere other than the dreaded McDonalds..........after all you do n't come to Asia for offalburgers do you ?

i stayed for 3 nights and that was more that enough .

after living in Guangdong Province with my husband and two small children for half a year I decided to take the kids on a trip to Hong Kong. Our kids are four years old and two years old .

we visited the Silvermine Beach Hotel for 8nts at the end of May and had an enjoyable stay in what we would class as a well priced but slightly dated hotel. Like most people , we chose to stay here for quiet retreat while having the access to the hustle &amp ; bustle of Hong Kong Centre , and it definitely met our expectations .

the hotel is budget so do n't expect luxury , but that aside , the view , location , staff and facilities are perfect for a break in Hong Kong .

being students we wanted a good deal on a hotel in an area in Hong Kong , to relax , before entering the city itself. Having shopped around we got 5 nights accommodation for 125 GBP including breakfast .

hi There,

we travelled to HK for a three week family adventure. Initial plan was to stay at the Silvermine for a few days and then to move into HK central. In the end we spent most of our time based at Silvermine because it was such a refreshing contrast to the big city. We loved the frequent boat to and from HK which was fast and comfortable and if anything added to our holiday experience. The hotel while a bit threadbare was perfect for us. We really enjoyed the fillng breakfast free every morning , the staff were exceptionally friendly , the swimming pool was uncrowded and clean , and the rooms large enough for three children to share - this was simply not a option in HK. This is not a five star hotel but it does not pretend to be a high class establishment. For space , quiet , genuine hospitality and excellent value on a beautiful island just a short hop from the fascination of Hong Kong this would be the place to stay .

we decided to spend the first three days of our stay in Hong Kong on Lantau island to unwind after a long flight and prepare for the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong and Kowloon. The best and almost only way to get to Mui Wo where the hotel is located is by a taxi that will cost you around $ 150. The main selling point of this hotel , in my opinion , is its location - on beautiful Silvermine bay overlooking peaks and distant islands - absolutely beautiful ! The hotel itself is reasonably clean and the rooms are quite spacious albeit significantly worn out we stayed in the South wing . The bathroom , although no problems with functioning , is in need of serious renowation. The hotel offers a free buffet style breakfast with a large variety of choices that I can probably describe as one of the best free included in the room price hotel breakfasts I 've ever had. Generally speaking , there is nothing wrong with the hotel and while you should not expect a 5 star accomodation the Silvermine bay resort is definitely a worthwhile base for exploring Lantau and even the rest of Honk Kong .

arriving from Europe and after almost a full day of flying and hanging about in airports , would you really want to plunge straight into the hustle and bustle of Kowloon or Hong Kong Island ? We chose not to. Instead we took a Â £ 14 light blue cab ride from the airport to Mui Wo , otherwise known as Silvermine Bay .

this hotel is reasonably priced that includes great Western breakfast buffet. The bathroom is small but clean , with towels although I did n't used them since I brought my own towel. The soap and shampoo however are this kind of all-in-one liquid soap in a dispenser. Good thing I brought a small bottle of my own shampoo .

i stayed here two nights enroute from the US to China Mainland. It is a really charming little place , in a village on Lantau island. The rooms were clean , and the staff friendly and helpful. The Breakfast buffet was horrible. I would suggest skipping it and getting a cheap Hong Kong breakfast at one of the tiny cafes behind the hotel .

my family and I spent 2 nights in this hotel. The room was big enough for us three. The carpet is sticky and the pillows are too soft. The bathroom is ok. The staff are friendly and efficient. They are very pleasant since most are Filipinos. The buffet breakfast is just fine. What I do not like is the very long walk from the bus terminal to the hotel. We had to carry our luggage and our baby all the way and it was raining when we left , and so we all catched cold. The sand on the beach in front of the hotel is dirty , there are trash and dog poop. The pool was under maintenance. All in all it was an okay stay. We chose this hotel because we want to see the giant buddha and ride the ngong ping 360 .

stayed here for 12 nights

we stayed in this hotel for two nights , it is very very good location , directly on the beach , ferry and bus just 5 min walk , we enjoyd to come to the hotel after a day in busy cetrum and relax.swimming pool was still open until 18.00 , which we took the benefit of. Staff on the reception very helpful , breakfest buffet ok .

ive just got back from a ten night stay at the Silvermine beach hotel,even though they are renovating it at the moment we did n't have any disruptions at all.We booked a sea view room in the old wing,the views were fantastic. .

just had 8 days in Hong Kong staying at the Silvermine. I paid around Â £ 35 a night for what I could call a very nice , relaxing hotel that I could not fault in any way .

a nice hotel in a very nice place. Ferry terminal is a 5 minute walk with the journey around 45 minutes to the city. Staff very friendly and our room was clean and well maintained. Good standard and variety at breakfast. 'Mountain View ' is a lie,however , we overlooked a building site .

stayed for4 nights. Was a great hotel , lovely large room with good facilities .

silvermine Bay is a BEAUTIFUL bay at the Mui Wo area the other end of the island of Lantau. It is secluded , quaint , and clean town. In the middle of it is the Silvermine Hotel , facing the beach. The staff is quite friendly , helpful and try to accomodate you. The food is so-so. The room is tiny but sufficient and the little things they provide for the guests are plenty. The other building was still being renovated and we were billeted in a separate building still w/ great ocean or mountain view .

this hotel is about 30 minutes from the airport an extra $ 300 HKD for taxis both ways . We specifically checked and was told there was a shuttle - there is not. Internet was also not included in the rate and it was an additional $ 80 HKD per day. The room was ancient and rundown. It was indeed clean as much as one could clean it but it was pretty bad. They are renovating the place and boy does it need it. I was really happy that I only had to spend a few hours at this place. The only redeeming feature was that it was cheap. You do get what you pay for .

this hotel was on the Island of Lantau , very close to the ferry to the main island. Its one bus away from the airport. Staff are friendly and breakfast is outstanding , Cleanliness is very good too. Swimming pool was clean , steam room and sauna was free of charge. Two very nice pillows were provided in hotel room !

we stayed at the Silvermine Beach Hotel in Mui Wo on Lantau Island in Hong Kong for 2 nights in August 2008. I was in Hong Kong for work but wanted a few days to unwind , and the Silvermine Beach area was perfect for this. This area of Lantau is very tranquil to due a restriction on vehicles , but we found cabs and buses very easy to use. The hotel was in a nice area for walking around , and we took a bus to Ngong Ping to ride the cable car to the top of the hill , and took another bus to Cheung Sha beach. Both are recommended .

we stayed in a &quot ; South Wing Sea View Room&quot ; which I can highly recommend. The service and most of the restaurant meals were very good , but the buffet was outstanding. Well worth $ HK170 NZ $ 30 . It is currently under construction and not well signposted. We arrived at night in pouring rain and walked right past !

just returned from a week at the Silvermines Beach Hotel. On arriving in the evening , noticed that the older part of the hotel was under wraps being renovated. The hotel offering all the facilities apart from the Terrace Dining .

silvermine Hotel is nice for the price , and we really enjoyed the view of the ocean. The rooms are cozy and the breakfasts are free ; so if you are looking for a nice place to sleep , and friendly people ; Silvermine is the place to stay. The ferry is only 5 minuets or less from the hotel , and the buses take you to nice places on and around Lantau 's Island. I recommend taking the bus from the airport , just to get a feel of the Island .

this hotel gave us the best ending to our 3 week trip around China. The staff and the food are great. They are doing some maintenance on the building currently which is desperately needed . The 'new ' block is better but the rooms I saw were not that much better than the main block - check your room before checking in - the first one they gave us looked out over rusting air-con ducts and rubble. Once you get past that though the place is really great. The staff are friendly , from the front desk and serving staff to the management - all are really keen to help and make you feel welcome. The chef is really good - especially their big buffets with loads of amazing seafood and barbecues. They lay on entertainment in the bar even when there are only a few guests about. The pool is really nice and was very clean. The sauna and steam room were good too and it was great to be able to use the private showers to get ready for the airport if your plane is a late one a bus runs direct to the airport from just round the corner . The beach at Mui Wo Silvermine Bay is lovely and the hotel is right opposite. A great stay ! - but check around on the internet for a good rate - we paid way way below the rate advertised at the hotel .

we chose the silvermine because it is the closest hotel the airport... aside from the Regal airport hotel , but that one is really expensive. Due to flight cancelations , we had to stay in hong kong one more night so we wanted to go with something cheap and close by. It is a really cute place and the staff was really nice. Unfortunately the place itself is VERY run down and old. Its surroundings are beautiful , especially for nature seekers. Really calm and pretty. The hotel is right in front of the beach- if they renovated it , it would be awesome ! !

this Hotel was in a nice location in the bay. In general the hotel is average ! ! And it is not worth for the money you pay. It is in a very remote location and ideal for Honeymoon couples looking out for a calm location.. .

me and my boyfriend stayed over for one night on the way back from Big Buddha at Lan Tau .

we stayed at this hotel from 16th - 20th November 2007...a 4 day break away from our base in Kowloon .

we stayed here for 2 nights on a stopover from London to Sydney. We booked here as it was considerably cheaper than anything in Kowloon or HK Island .

just got back from HK staying there for 7 days. Prefer SilverMine over hotel in HK .

oh dear Oh dear , just spent 5 days 4 nights at this Hotel. First the good points , The staff are very helpful and friendly and the room is cleaned and bedding and towels changed every day .

hotel needs a coat of paint and a bit of a facelift , but it is a very quiet escape from the chaos of the city. Buffet breakfast is very good. Beach and pool are clean and quiet. Bus and ferry terminal is a short walk. Peace and tranquility at an affordable price .

this is rated as a 3 star hotel and on that basis I rate it above average. It is easy to get to from the airport , it 's right on the beach and great to return to after a hard day exploring Kowloon and Hong Kong. The view from our room was spectacular and the staff were very friendly and helpful. Unfortunately we did n't have time to use the pool in the 4 days we were there. I do agree with everyone else that the building is in bad need of some TLC and if the owners spent some time and money on it it could easily be upgraded. If you are looking for some nightlife the hotel does n't seem to draw many people into the bar at night. They had a pianist and singer but each of the 3 evenings we went in to use the free internet there were only one or two people in there. Overall I would definitely stay at the Silvermine Hotel again for the location and friendliness .

nice hotel , kept clean and run by friendly staff. We stayed in the most recent building and got free upgrade to the beach view room .

i was booked into this hotel for 4 nights in September 2007 .

we had seen previous reviews about this hotel and decided it was worth booking for our trip to HK .

i did not really know what to expect when I stayed at the Silvermine Beach Hotel so many mixed reports , yes when I walked up to the Hotel it looked like it could do with a lick of paint , but I have to say that when I opened the room door I was more then happy. The room was in the old wing with a sea view the room was a lot larger and brighter then the Newton Hotel Hong Kong where I had stayed twice before .

lantau island is pretty amazing , extremely beautiful tropic misty greenery mountains paradise heaven. Shame that Silvermine &quot ; Resort&quot ; just do n't match all this beauty level .

the room was slimy/ damp and old .

we stayed here for one night , on a layover on our way back home .

we enjoyed this hotel. It was very quiet after the madness of Hong Kong but that is not a bad thing. One or two bits slightly tacky round the edges but you get what you pay for. Room in New Wing clean and functional. Optional buffet very good and staff very friendly and helpful The kids loved the pool we loved the fact is was quiet . Whilst the walk to th ferry was uncomfortablr in hot weather you can get a taxi to 50 yds. Mui wo was ok too All in all Good value for money for a chill out

this hotel was exactly what I expected. Run down and old , and a quiet refreshing break from the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong and Kowloon. It was clean and the service was good. The staff are very pleasant and happy to help with anything. The breakfast buffet has everything you need. Its a short walk to the ferry and 35-45 min ferry ride to Central Hong Kong. I stayed here for 2 nights of a 7 day stay in Hong Kong and found it refreshing. Easy access to the Big Buddha by bus .

well the hotel needs a bit of work. Rooms were not spotless. basically the headboard needs to be replaced , However ! , for the price you get a really good evening buffet for very little extra. It is a beautiful setting. Sitting outside this old hotel in the evening on the most beautiful of settings with a beer in hand redeems the faded grandeur. The staff are very friendly and this is a positive. There is free internet in the bar which is great. Even though it needs a lick of paint I would go back , the setting away from the chaos of HK , redeems it beautifully and the island is simply lovely. You can not be to hard on a hotel like this because if it was replaced , by god think about what would replace it , I 'd say it would ruin the beach front. Basically it aint chain and that is what is nice about it .

my husband and I just spent 10 days in HK , we stayed in Silvermine beach hotel for the first 5 days. Everyone on the island was really friendly .

myself and my Girlfirend stayed for 3 nights at the Silvermine only last week. We arrived tired from an early flight from Singapore and arrived at midday at the Silvermine. Any fears of not haing a room available at this time for us to get some much needed sleep were quickly dashed upon arrival. Not only was there a room ready and waiting for us we were also upgraded free of charge to a room in the hotels new wing. Excellent customer service or what ! ?

i must disagree with another reviewer who says it is cheaper to stay near the airport if you 're on a short trip. All the hotels near the airport are more than double the price , so even with a taxi each way HK130 - US $ 18 it 's still better to stay at Silvermines .

if you 're looking for a taste of the old China but still want to see the city this is a great place to do it from. Located in the slow paced and beautiful little fishing village of Mui Wo on Lantua Island the hotel is only about and hour ride from the airport. We took the public bus number A35 which runs every hour during the day. It 's located just out the doors of the terminal and across the street , the cost was $ 22HKD or about $ 2.75US for adults and half fare for kids under 12 , note fares on Sunday are doubled . The hotel

my husband and I spent five nights in HK - three nights at the Silvermine Beach and two at the Langham in Mongkok. We absolutely loved the Langham and hope to return , Mongkok is a great area and buzzes with energy. The hotel is luxurious , but this is reflected in the price. Silvermine was considerably less expensive a third of the price I think and we thought really top value for money. We enjoyed the laid-back feel of Lantau and were impressed by the quick ferry link to HK island 30-40mins . The staff in the hotel are really friendly and helpful. We ate in the restaurant on the night we arrived tired and bedragled . It was a buffet style meal , drinks/beers included. We also thought this was excellent value for money and were glad we did it. A lot of the negative remarks for the hotel seem to focus on the decor. We stayed at one of the rooms at the back of the older hotel and were still happy with it I think the newer block , water facing supposed to be preferable . My husband said it reminded him of some of the Days Inn hotels we have stayed at on our trips to the States - a little dated , but clean and basic .

the Silvermine Beach is located about 5 minutes without luggage walk from the Mui Wo bus stop not a mile ! ! and ferry terminal - you can see it from the bus station. It does look rather tired from the outside - it is covered in greying white tiles and the letters of the hotel name are a bit scruffy. Inside is much better ; reception is clean and tidy and the restaurant is smart and modern .

we stayed here for 2 nights and 2 days at this hotel .

a very strange stay- particularly after reading other trip advisor reviews beforehand ! ! ! I do n't understand the acceptance of what is a hotel in need of serious work and is not that cheap. In defence of the other advisors their view may have been coloured by Lantau itself. It is such a break form the madness of Hong Kong and highly recommended. And there is pretty much nowhere else to stay ! !

wonderful venue with beautiful views , easily accessed from ferry terminal. Staff very helpful and friendly. Booked half-board and was not disappointed - food excellent .

i am back packing and Hong Kong was my first stop. After seeing the usual places offered to backpackers and the prices of hotels in hong kong I picked the silvermine hotel. I am so glad I did. Mui Wo is a lovely little village with enough restaurants etc to keep you entertained in the evening. The ferry is a 5 min walk away and then it takes 30mins into central which is in the middle of the city. It costs 220HKD each way which is about 1.70 GBP. I saw Chunkking and Mirador mansions and am so glad I am staying here. The only bad thing is that it is difficult to meet other people so may be better for couples .

we have just returned from a four day stay at this hotel , we were doing this on the cheap so booked the cheapest room rate. Thanks to all the previous reviews we felt we booked this hotel , knowing not to expect too much .

after reading many of the other reviews i was VERY apprehensive about staying here - i even booked another hotel just in case the reviews where correct !

read all the reviews posted here. I was a bit apprehensive reading those 'tired , not so good reviews'.So when I checked in , it was a pleasant surprise .

this place was adequate for us for two nights. Clean and simple .

this Hotel was perfect for my needs. OK , it is a little bit in disrepair in places. It is clean though and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The walk to the taxi at 5.00am in the morning , with cases etc. , is a bit of a pain , but only takes 5 minutes. I will return to Hong Kong soon and will certainly be staying here again .

perfect location for a hotel , but what a shame that parts of this hotel have fallen into disrepair. We had a wonderful sea view , which was useful as the view of the room was shocking , mould and damp all around and the bathroom , oh dear , dear , dear , what a shame .

stayed in the new wing March 3rd - March 5th but did n't get a look of the old rooms to compare .

if you are thinking about booking this hotel then do so. It â € ™ s a bargain. It â € ™ s situated right next to the very clean sandy beach. There are no cars in this area so it â € ™ s peaceful in fact there are few cars on the island because most of it is a national park and roads are few .

my daughter and I booked on this island thinking it would be closer to the airport for my departure early in the morning. It is n't really closer than Kowloon , since you have to go over the mountain by taxi or bus. We arrived after dark by taxi , and since there is no beach front road , we had to walk down a one block alley with our luggage. It was dark and there were street people sleeping in the alley , a bit scarry for 2 American females. Once we got to the hotel , it was okay. Not the best , but I was tired of spending money , and it was cheap. Somewhat like a Motel 6 in the USA. Once you figure in the taxi fare , yes , I know we could have taken the ferry , but we had a lot of luggage and thought a taxi was the way to go both to the hotel and back again in the morning , we could have stayed at the Regal at the airport. We only stayed the one night , it was okay , but last minute booking at the Regal Airport Hotel would have been just as cheap , without the hassel of the taxi. I will say that it would be a nice place to stay with a family , a good base to see Hong Kong from. Cheap , not awful , and the people were very friendly. I would like to have seen the place in the day time. We arrived at dark and left in the dark. Update the place and it would be a real value !

advantages : short walk to 30-minute ferry that takes you to Central and Kowloon ; very scenic ; clean beds ; helpful staff

recently spent four nights at the Silvermine. Agree with other reviewers that it is 'tired ' but nevertheless ca n't beat it for location and peace and quiet. Staff all very friendly. Complimentary buffet breakfast more than adequate - lots of choices. You would never starve unless you were ultra fussy ! We also enjoyed a dinner buffet on our last night. Again , lots of choices. The swimming pool and sauna were great. Room wise , very clean. Bed and pillows extremely firm ! Took awhile to get used to this .

i stayed a night at the Silvermine during a stopover in HK , as it made a change from the City hotels .

we were in Hong Kong for the opening of HK Disneyland and chose this hotel for the price ca n't beat $ 52USD including taxes , we spent 5 nights there. Nice hotel in front of the beach although I do n't recommend bathing in HK waters , swimming pool and sauna , a gym is also available but had no time to use it .

i stayed here twice this year once at the start of my trip to asia and then on the return. i only chose this hotel for its price and location. if you dont want crowds of people then this hotel is ideal.. its not one of the best i have stayed in but for the price i paid it was value for money.the taxi from the airport cost $ 140 hong kong dollar and took about 30 minutes the airport bus took about the same time and cost only $ 14. the room was damp and the windows wouldnt open. was told this was due to the mozzies but im sure mozzie screens would have been fine. the breakfast was the best i had in asia. first time i was there i didnt get to use the pool as it was closed due to the rain but on my return stay i made use of the pool sauna and gym. which was all free to use at no extra cost. the beach by the hotel looks good but i thought the water was dirty. there were shark nets up but i been told a shark has never been seen in that part of hong kong. the pool was good plenty of sunbeds and umbrellas and 2 lifeguards on duty. the entertainment in the hotel was a joke ! ! would have prefered to have had no entertainment to the rubbish i had to listen to. there is internet access in the bar. it says its free for 1 hour if you buy a drink but its not free cause the cheapest drink was about $ 20 hong kong dollars. it was the dearest internet i had used in asia. there is not much to do outside the hotel there are a few restuarants to chose from and one very good chinese in the food market. you have macdonalds itailian and even turkish if you want it. on my return trip i even found a fish and chip shop owned by an ex copper and his wife. best pie and chips ive ever had ! ! ! there is an expat bar near the ferry showing the footie when its on.. the island has sign post for the walking trails. if you want to see the Buddah and fishing village then the bus goes straight there from the station. bus fares are reasonably cheap but price doubles on sundays and bank holidays. the same for the ferries. but OAPs go half price and free on star ferries. if you like good scenery and walking then this place is great for that. its a five minute walk to the ferry and bus station. and it only takes 40 minutes to get to hong kong island. i met the couple from suffolk there and if i was there for two weeks i would have got fed up with it also. this place is good for a stop over only not a 2 week holiday. .

the hotel is a really short walk from the Ferries that take 30 mins to Central and Tsim Sha Tsui and so is really just as convenient as being in a hotel in Kowloon that is still 40 mins from Central and in the middle of all the madness of town .

okay  the Silvermine Beach Hotel is not the fanciest- it 's not even classy but it does n't pretend to be. It is a small , local hotel about 30 minutes ferry ride from Hong Kong and about 60 minutes from the airport. We stayed here as part of our last few days of vacation. We got into Hong Kong around 7 p.m. so we took a taxi to the hotel. It cost about $ 140 HK. I would recommend taking the taxi if you are coming in the evening. The A35 bus to LanTau does n't run often and the roads to the hotel are windy and narrow so a taxi is best at night. The hotel is on a quiet side of the island- the other side is where the Big Buddha is which is the draw for most tourists to LanTau. It was so easy to take the ferry to HK for the day and come back to a small , quiet place to stay. The rooms are pretty dinky and small- not luxery but it is fine for sleeping. The showers are old school and the beds are small. The rooms have a small fridge , hair blow dryer and TV which was all we needed. We were able to get a room for $ 40 Ã ­ sh USD a night which is major cheap compared to other HK hotels. I believe the rooms are usally $ 100 per night but we went through Expedia for the low rates .

