my friend and I stayed here quite comfortably. Room with two beds was small , but what do you expect in Hong Kong without paying a bomb. In-room safe , TV , clean bathroom , surprisingly quiet considering the room was street-facing on 11th floor . Breakfast in a large cafe included , and they have a pretty good spread , including hot foods , Western and Asian dishes. The location was n't too bad. Close to the central shopping area of Causeway Bay and the metro MTR , but not without an interesting walk through the wet-markets for that real HK experience . Wireless internet costs a flat rate per night or per week , added to your bill if you request it. Overall I had no complaints here , but should add that I found nothing special about it either the website makes it look flashier than it actually is . The fitness centre is awful to the point of being useless .

we stayed here due to its proximity to the Hong Kong Football Club which was a five minute walk away. Great location , near to local fish/fruit and veg markets and within walking distance to MTR and Times Square , Jardines Market and Sogo .

stayed for 4 nights in Aug within an Executive Studio Room on the 20th floor at a rate of approx HKD850 per night inclusive of breakfast and internet for 3 adults. The room was of decent size with a separate living area which is rare in Hong Kong for the price paid. The couch in the living area is convertible into a bed which is good if you have 3 people staying. Furnishing in the room and toilets are all relatively new which made the stay a pleasant one. However , the queen bed was a tad too hard for comfort and might be a little small for 2 bigger size adults. Ventilation or deodorisation in the toilet should be improved though .

got a good deal through hotel web site - much cheaper than other centrally located hotels and went for the executive twin room. Was travelling RTW with 21yr old niece and this was our first stop and her first experience out of Europe. Hotel was easy to find using airport bus A11 - you need stop 12 and the hotel is across the road , 1st road on the right about 300 yds. tram stop is right outside almost. Buy an Octopus card as soon as you land at the airport and you can use it on the bus , trams &amp ; MTR. Hotel check in was fast &amp ; efficient &amp ; our twin room was spacious enough for our needs. We were hardly in anyway. The room and bathroom was very clean - we stayed on the 24th floor and had a partial river view. Causeway Bay MTR is about a 5 min walk away , but then once you get in the subway almost a 10min walk to the trains. we had no complaints with this hotel and would recommend to anyone. Staff were helpful &amp ; friendly at all times. Only complaint was the 'club lounge'. Happy hour from 4 : 30pm consisted of beer or soft drinks - only a few cans of each on display and some pretty dried up sandwiches. However it was nice to have a place to sit and use the free internet. Also - you get free wifi if you have executive rooms - you need to ask reception for the cards though. Breakfast buffet was adequate .

i booked two rooms at executive levels thinking that it would worth paying a little high price for the benefits of it. Thought , after sightseeing and shopping all day , it would be nice to have some drinks and canapes at the executive lounge... But , when we asked about it on the third day of our stay , I was told that even we stayed at executive levels , we were not eligible to benefit from the lounge because our confirmation letter did not mention it. I was so mad ! ! ! I told the the people at reception desk that I upgraded my reservation just for this reason but they were refusing me with a stone-cold face. I finally asked to talk to their manager , who apparently was just standing next to me but not interfering at all. She finally introduced herself and was insist on that we could n't use the lounge because the confirmation letter did not mention it. She said we were paying specal price for the rooms. I told her that we were paying their internet rates and on their website , it says all the executive guests will have the executive benefits. Anyway , she finally gave us the special room keys to change our status.. .

i paid HK $ 440 per night with buffet breakfast on a weekend. I was in Hong Kong for a conference , It 's only about HK $ 25 to the convention center. It 's beside shopping area Times Square , a market , short walk to wanchai stores and HK $ 2 tram. You can buy a whole roast duck with rice for only HK $ 40 at the market. Yum ! It 's beside Happy Valley race track with binoculars , you could see race finishes from my room . Bathroom was modern and clean , rooms were semi circular , small but cozy. Had a ref and water boiler. Limited TV channels but who 's in HK just to watch TV . There was no room cleaning charge as mentioned by another reviewer , a service charge of about 10 % is standard in Asia in lieu of tips since most people wo n't tip 10 % if given a choice. Really good deal .

stayed here most of May making it a base for touring Asia. Close to shopping , trams , subway MTR , markets. Book on line and get free buffet breakfast which is very clean with good service. Stardard room was very basic. For a little more get an executive room which includes free internet , free drinks from 4pm to 8pm in the lounge/business centre on the top floor , free local calls. We finally upgraded to an executive suite which included 2 rooms , sofa bed and large bathroom for $ 790HK a day with a beautiful view. A couple of annoying things. Lobby has staff grabbing bags too quickly and they tend to nickle and dime you if in a standard room for phone calls , internet , storing suitcases etc .

we stayed here for two nights in February on our way to New Zealand. Our room was probably a standard room on a lower floor. We found the same as other reviewers â € “ tiny room but with the necessary amenities , quiet , clean and comfortable , helpful staff who allowed us to stay late in our room. Breakfasts were very acceptable .

  ; Worth staying here&quot ; is what all I can say .

i stayed here for two nights , and it was reasonable value for the central location. It is only a short walk from nearby shops and Wanchai station , plus it is very easy to find .

i stayed at the South Pacific for five nights. The service was excellent and so were the staff. The room decor was a little dated , but very clean and had all amenities needed. The maids cleaned the room everyday. The location is good and only five minute walk to the nearest MTR station at Times Square. There are plenty of shops close by. I would recommend this hotel and stay there again .

conveniently located at the junction of Wanchai and Causeway Bay this is a good option for both business and leisure &gt ; the shape of the hotel is rather strange round but it 's not a major problem. There is a cracking bar on the top floor with great views across Hong Kong .

i have been to Hong Kong twice 2005 &amp ; 2007 , and both times I have stayed at the South Pacific. Location is great , about 5 minute walk to Time Square Metro. Good location to some of the large shopping plazas Time Square , Soho . 1/2 hr stroll to the harbour front. Bus from airport drops us off right around the corner from the hotel Dont remember which number .

whenever i visit a country , I like to look at other hotels in the area for my next stay. Have always wanted to stay here as it seems to be in a nice location and looks a nice hotel .

stayed at this hotel in Nov 2007 with my dad for a family holiday as he lived here in the 80 's .

we stayed at the South Pacific Hotel yet again and the service was excellent . We have stayed at this hotel for the past 15 consecutive years now always on on the Executive Floor .

i stayed here for 3 nights. Check in was brisk and the room was adequate - neat , not too large yet not too small considering this is Hong Kong . Location was good , near the hustle and bustle of Times Square. For everything else , there is always the MTR !

we my wife and adult son have stayed in this property on two occassions for one week on each stay. Both stays were in the trade fair peak season and as expected , the rates were n't exactly cheap anywhere in Hong Kong .

south Pacific hotel is smaller than what is shown in its website but the location is very nice. Just 10-minute or less walk to many stores , Time Square , KFC , 7-11 , Pizza Hut and other popular eateries. There is also a currency exchange shop in a side street after the mall. Safe to walk around even at night. At first , I am hesitant to book here because we are a family of five their max. is 4 per room . I book in the executive studio room so its larger , equivalent perhaps to 2 standard rooms. We had 2 single beds in the bedroom then they removed the sofa and laid down another bed. I really appreciated what they did just so we could all have comfortable sleep. My children enjoyed using the computerized bidet and watching the scene outside from the very large windows in the room. The gym is small but its free. We also have the privelege to have free internet access though they have only 2 computers. The staff is friendly too. Overall , we have a pleasant stay in this hotel .

pros

small rooms. Very hard place to find unless you know Causeway Bay very well. Staff who do n't seem to know what they are doing half the time. Horrendously expensive , rip-off priced broadband that does n't work. I had all sorts of problems , especially with wifi , which eventually got sorted but only after long , angry conversation with assistant manager. I wo n't stay here again .

i ca n't really complain about this hotel. The staff were great. For around 100 dollars you ca n't do wrong. Although the rooms are very small ; they are very clean. The location is safe ; its not far from the action ; if you want a taxi it will take less than a minute to find :

we had 5 nights in Hong Kong and wanted somewhere central and reasonably cheap. I looked for a long time on Trip Advisor reading all the reviews and seeing how the hotels were ranked. I finally took the plunge with South Pacific being persuaded by the very reasonably priced suites .

i selected this hotel be/c of its location near our daughters workplace , but found it to be in the middle of the diamond and chandelier district ! Walking the streets night or day was highly entertaining ! You have never seen so many shimmering diamonds GIANT ONES in the shop windows in your life ; and chandeliers taller than i am ! The hotel is nice , rooms are small , beds hard duh , all beds in CHina are hard but the bath was solid white marble and had GREAT water pressure in the shower for a real needed massage feeling ! i stayed twice in the same week , 2 nites each , i booked one thru a Hong Kong service , Agoda , but the other direct. Got the nicer room by going direct. Wonderful doorman , in his Turban and red jacket , white mustache , almost like a movie scene ! the bell man and desk helpful with directions , cab , etc.... The double rooms have the equivilent of a queen bed but they dont call it that , the singles have 2 twins. Great bakery just a block down and around the corner , went there every morning .

i stayed at this hotel for two nights during a stopover on my way to Europe. The hotel staff is really kind and helped me with my oversize luggage and by giving me tips for cheap restaurants .

the South Pacific is a nice modern hotel but the location is away from the main Hong Kong attractions 20 mins walk . Our room was small but I think this is typical in crowded Hong Kong. The only slight issue was the noise from the passing elevators which could be heard in the room .

stayed here with a group of male friends in November. Randy , the concierge , looked after us admirably and the other staff were also very helpful. I was that happy with the staff that I was willing to leave my laptop with them , on check out day , and had no worries that it would be 100 % safe .

stayed here with my fiancee for Eight nights. Times Square is about 3 minutes walk with fantastic shopping and the MTR to access all of Hong Kong. Bars , restaurants and lovely little side street outside hotel with fresh seafood chinese local eateries and a daily market that bristles with colour and local tradition .

my wife and I stayed here for 8 nights in March. We loved the location. Walking past the fresh fish shops and the very basic local cafes on the way to the underground was a great experience. The room was small but we only sleep in hotel rooms so we do n't care. We found a very cheap website Â £ 300 for 8 nights and I suspect your allocated floor/room size depends on how much you pay. The one big plus for us was the top floor lounge. Table service by very nice and efficient staff the first night I gave a waitress HK $ 40 tip and she said it was too much and gave me 20 back ! Entertainment from a very good trio and excellent views as it 's 28 floor up and all glass. We never got in at night until 10.30pm at the earliest , so the lounge was a nice place to go to unwind and was open till 1am. We would return to this hotel for this amenity alone. I did n't see children in the lounge or even in the hotel - but we were hardly in long enough to notice Photos are fuzzy due to poor light .

the south pacific is a clean and tidy hotel with nice reception area and good restaurants .

i lived here quite a few times.. i know the managers because of my frequent stay so i always get good benefits. To tell you the truth the roooms are very bad so everytime i live here I only live in the Presidential Suite.... it is a big big big big difference with other rooms , Other then living in the Presidential Suite then there is no point living here.. but i must say the price is a great deal for other rooms , but rooms are poor. As you can see my other reviews , I said i am willing to help anyone so you can email me and i will tell you the truth about hotels.. The real face of them.. .

for the US $ 89 I paid , I ca n't imagine a better deal in Hong Kong. The room was on the small side , but it was still fine for a couple. The decor was tasteful and everything was very clean. Very convenient location as well. On the strange side , the staff uniforms looked liked an 80 ' wedding band .

stayed here for one night beginning of June. I had a double room for single occupancy for Â £ 40. My room was on the 18th floor. It was nice enough , The room was large enough for one , the bathroom a tad bit small , when standing in the bath , my head barely cleared the ceiling. The bedding was clean and there were adequate toiletries. There was a mini bar and a TV in the room with english channels. The staff were okay , checked me in and out in a timely fashion.The location was about 5 minutes to Times Square where you can then connect to the MTR Causeway Bay station but thats another 5 minute walk in itself with so many people to navigate thru. Overall a sane hotel which seem to have various on site facilities such as a business centre restaurants gym etc but as I was only there for a day , i was unable to thoroughly explore it .

i stayed 3 nights here at the end of April while visiting extended family in Hong Kong. My uncle , a local travel agent , recommended this hotel as a reasonably priced hotel that was conveniently located .

with little time to reserve my hotel prior to a trade show at the Hong Kong Convention Center , I booked this hotel from a list provided by the convention association. Looking for a deal during this period last week of April 2007 was near to impossible , so I chose this hotel based on the hotels website pictures....kudos to the photographer , but the reality proved different !

great location being very close to Times Square which has plenty of shops and eating options. Causeway Bay MTR is under Times Square and is therefore only a 5 minute walk away. The room was clean and functional if a little small but I only paid Â £ 171 for 4 nights so I can hardly complain. I used the gym which was very small but at least the equipment was in good condition. I also utilised the business centre on the top floor to use the internet facility to print out my flight 's boarding card the charge was a resaonable HK $ 30 for upto 45 minutes including printing. If the price was right I would stay here again .

good : above average

we did n't know what to expect since we booked the hotel after reviewing the comments on Trip Advisor... ultimately , it 's your own experience that counts. We were pleasantly surprised and were happy with our stay .

we arrived at the South Pacific not knowing fully what to expect. We had booked on a budget and it was our first time to Hong Kong .

the South Pacific Hotel is on Hongkong Island , some blocks away from the main road. The building has 28 floors and 276 rooms and it seems to be in a rather good condition in contrast to its surrounding. You can find lots of stop-over-tourists as well as businessmen there .

was in hong kong january of last year. and for someone coming from a warm country like the philippines , it was really cold when we were there. Our room in the South Pacific was a warm haven after a long day of walking in the cold. Also , I had to share the room with a friend and her young son so we were a little cramped but overall , the room was great ! I could n't say the same about the breakfast though =

we stayed here for 6 nights beginning of November 2006. We used the airport shuttle bus to arrive and the hotel was just a few minutes walk from Hennessey Road .

nice experience overall and for the price. The room and bathroom were clean , no mold or grime. They are smaller than the average rooms but easy to get around in. The sheets were crisp and clean and the carpet looked clean and in good shape. White terry slippers , toothbrushes , toothpaste , and combs were provided almost daily. Towels were thicker than average. We were on a high floor so did not hear any street noise. It is close to main streets and a 2-min walk to the Times Square subway and shopping mall. Very convenient. At the back of the hotel is an open market with fresh vegetables , flowers , meats and seafood. Wonderful sight , safe , and clean with all the constant hosing and cleaning. Concierge were helpful with all our questions. Lobby is busy-looking with all the marble but clean. Will go back .

rooms were clean , bright and cosy. Perfect for a couple who want a nice end of day home from home. Higher floors are more peaceful as less traffic noise. Hotel reception was always helpful in answering questions and booking tours. Location is next to Times Square 3 minute walk and all shops and restaurants and MTR rail link. Hotel cuisine is excellent a little bit expensive and they have two internet pay terminals. Great Location , informative staff , a good honest hotel at a reasonable room rate .

we ended up here because we waited too long to book and the whole city was booked up for an electronics conference. But , we got a good rate online through a last-minute website. Our room was very clean and did n't smell -- tough to find affordably in HK , I believe. Good location 5-7 mins walk from subway . Very helpful staff. They have a complimentary shuttle service to/from the airport express train. Yummy breakfast .

my wife and I stayed at the South Pacific in November 2006 for four nights. The hotel is situated on Hong Kong Island in an area where the Chinese workers live. Although not particularly a tourist area we found it facinating visiting street markets and such. The hotel was being renovated when we stayed there and to be fair it needed updating. The rooms were clean and about average for a three star hotel. We ate once in the hotel and found it to be a little more expensive than comparable nearby restaurants but the quality was good. The top floor of the hotel is the starlight lounge and overlooks Happy Valley Racecourse. We found it an ideal place for a night cap and to look out over the island .

be aware that renovations began in the lobby on 3 Jan 2007 - unfortunately when I happened to be there. The noise did carry through at least 13 floors and it was quite messy checking in/out in the ballroom .

this is the WORST hotel we have ever stayed at. It is absolutely HORRIBLE. Do n't ever go there. If Trip Advisor allowed us to give out our cell phone numbers , we would offer everyone to call us collect on them so we could talk them out of staying there .

stayed here a couple of times , excellent hotel and great value for money. better than 3 star... very helpful staff , great rooms not large but good standard , high speed internet. overall , very nice place to stay for tourism and/or business. great location in Causeway Bay

we are repeat visitors to Hong Kong and we often stay at the South Pacific Hotel since 2000 . In that time we have been able to book rooms from online websites for $ 60-75 USD. This makes it an excellent value hotel. Yes , the rooms are rather small , though the size depends on where you are in the curve of the building. We have experienced rooms that were in great condition and some that were a bit worn , but they have since been renovating the building. Ask for a recently renovated , non-smoking room. The non-smoking floors are also much quieter .

i do n't know what the previous reviewer is on about ! Were we staying in the same hotel ? ! ! ? Me and my husband stayed here for 9 nights. We arrived before check in time and were quickly accomodated into an available room. Initally we were given a room with twin beds so we asked for a double bed and it was no problem to change room. The room was very clean , reasonably spacious with a safe , power shower and free slippers ! The wall paper was not coming off the walls and the room did not smell badly. The hotel is not old fashioned , but rather is a very modern building outside and inside . The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel is in an excellent location - about 5/10 minutes walk to Causeway Bay metro and about 3 minute walk from the nearest tram adn various bus stops. The hotel is also just round the corner from Times Sq and a great outdoor market. My sister and her husband were also staying at this hotel at the same time as us but for 5 nights . They loved the hotel as well. DEFINATELY RECOMMENDED .

ok   WHAT are these people on here talking about ? . .

first stop of a round the world trip ! Stayed 3nts Room Only at this hotel .

my partner and I arrived at the South Pacific at 1 a.m. and was quickly checked in to our room in less than 5 mins .

i arrived a little after midnight and the front desk staff were very quick to check me in and get me to my room. This may have been the quickest I have ever been checked into a hotel. The staff were always very friendly , quick , and helpful , and the concierge were informative and helpful. The room , as has been mentioned before , is small but sufficient. I enjoyed the hot water pot and tea and coffee. The maid/cleaning service was very thorough and clean. There was some remodeling going on , but it was not too much of a problem. The hotel was very close to a tram stop and a short walk from Times Square , so the location was OK. I stayed here for four nights and I would definitely consider staying in the South Pacific hotel again .

i stayed at the South Pacific Hotel on June 21 for six days. The hotel is small and going through renovations. The room is &quot ; standard&quot ; . While it was &quot ; clean&quot ; the carpet seems dirty and the walls need to be updated .

the room is new and clean. It is located at a busy district , in between Wan Chai and Causeway Bay. It is near the Time Square which is within walking distance. The staff is nice and friendly. Although it is not located next to MTR , you are easy to go to Causeway Bay by using other transportation. The room rate is reasonable and is economy when compare with other hotels located at Causeway Bay .

i stayed on the non-smoking executive floor , which had a relaxing biz center where breakfast and cocktails are served daily. There were also 2 computers w/ free internet access. The room was semi-circle , very small but cozy. They use yellow ginham duvet w/ down comforter rather than your old boring blanket + sheets .

we stayed at the South Pacific Hotel from 07/03/2006-16/03/2006 and found our stay to be most enjoyable. The hotel is quite basic,with a bar fridge and kettle,very clean and well located in Wanchai,with shops two good bakeries nearby and Times Square an easy walk , transport is very close. The concierge , the doorman and the cleaning staff were very friendly and attentive.The twin bed room was more spacious than the double room , the beds are easy enough to push together.We would have no hesitation in returning to this budget hotel .

