being my very first time travelling in Hong Kong i am happy that had choose this hotel. Its located near to ladies street and garden street. I loves shopping there. The room is cosy and comfortable especially the toilet is very luxurious. Alots of local food stalls nearby. Hong Kong really is a shopping paradise .

i selected Stanford as was on a budget. It is a good clean hotel. Forget breakfast and meals as the service isnt great and nor is the food. That is a minor point tho..it is in Mong Kok...minutes from all the hustle and bustle of markets , lots of food outlets on the local streets , Mong Kok station close by. Clean and functional room. A bit small but then again you wont be sat in your room all day if you are in HK ! Mini bar wasnt re-stocked each day. Wireless internet HKD 20/hr or HKD 100/day. Desk staff friendly and helpful. Would def stay again .

the best thing about the Stanford Hotel , in my opinion , is its location. Within walking distance of lots of great shops , the famous markets and good cheap places to eat. Not to mention a hairdressing salon on the same street which does the best $ 2 blow dry ever. There is a tube station within a couple of yards which makes getting around very easy and the hotel stocks a number of free maps and guides .

stayed 2 nights before departing China.Marriot quality room,but small....so what ? It had what I needed,and I loved the location up a hill on a dead end street.Reminded me alot of Nob Hill in SF ! Hotel reminded me also of an American hotel more than Asian,which was a good thing.Food was decent at restaurant on first floor.Front desk was helpful,Would definitely go back !

stayed at this hotel for 5nights from 05-10Aug09 .

i have stayed in Stanford Hotel a couple of years back and decided to stay here once again for my holiday in Hong Kong mainly for the following reasons -

value for money , instead of the small CRT type TV , our room have a wide screen LCD TV which I think is a good concept of space saving. The room is relatively cramp but good enough for both me and my friend. The room is clean and tidy. Will definely come back to this hotel again .

this is the most valuable 3star hotel in Hong Kong. It takes 7-10 mins to the MongKoK MTR but i did n't feel long for the distance , because there is a lot of shops along the roads. I book the room through smartstays.com run of house rate , so it at a very reasonable price. If u looking something budget but 3 Star , it is the best that i think. The room is clean and small but enough for 2 ppl and even hv place to keep my 24&quot ; luggage which some hotel ca n't do it Hong Kong Hotel room is normally damn small . Mongkok is selling mid-range price stuffs , e.g. Hong Kong Branch Boutique and famous Sports Shoe Street If you like high-end brands then Tsim Sha Shui is more suit you . I like the dessert shops in Mongkok the most , Hong Kong ppl really like desserts and they really good on it .

though we only stayed at the hotel for a night , we really enjoyed our stayed there at Stanford Hotel , Mongkok , Kowloon. It is within a walking distance to the Ladies Market and about 10 minutes walk to Mongkok East railway station .

stayed at the Stanford between 25th-27th April 2009. Located 10 min from the Mong kok MTR , Stanford is the ideal hotel if you are looking for a decent place near shopping area .

this was the cheapest hotel we could find in Hong Kong that was in a good and convenient location therefore we were pleasantly surprised at the quality of the room. A 2 minute walk to the Ladies Market and 5 minutes walk to Mongkok underground subway this really was a fantastic location to be in. Cheap and yummy local food literally outside your doorstep which are open early in the morning till late into the night .

hotel is in great location if you want to knock around with the locals. Easy access to shops and food , galore. I was here in 2007 where the front desk staff were icy cold but not this time around - they went about their work with a smile ! Even the doorman opened the door for me as opposed to 2007 when he just stood and watched me struggle through the door in the heat with two suitcases ! Room was not soundproof as I could hear moans and groans of nocturnal activities in the next room. I was not happy ! But the manager was very kind and shifted me to another room where I enjoyed the remaining two nights. All in all it was a good stay and my complaints are trivial compared to everything else provided .

stanford Hotel in Mongkok I stayed many times in this hotel already Room quite small but clean and convenience to everythings local market the best hotel located in shopping area , Restaurants,Like me i love shopping perfect for me

good place to stay , just nice in terms of a comfy bed to sleep in , a clean place for shower and some place to put your bags and clothes. Within walking distance to MTR , walking distance to bustling night market , near amenities , excellent breakfast in small restaurant in the same row of the hotel. Superb location if you do n't mind walking out a teeny bit , because i dun think u wan na stay in a hotel with bustling night market just below the hotel. They also provide excellent safety box for ur travel money and passport safe-keeping. Definately will stay there again !

stayed one night while transiting Hong Kong. Cheap price for Hong Kong. I paid 526Hk including booking fee. Efficient and polite front desk. No smoking floors .

we arrived at the hotel on the 30th Jan. The room wasnt ready as it was 9.00am. We went for a coffee and then checked in. Room 908 . Two single beds and absolutely no problem with the room. Good tv channels , tea and coffee etc. No disturbance during the night. Slept well. couldnt ask for more. Paid about Â £ 250 for my son and i for 4 nights. Nice bar for a drink in the evening. Never ate at hotel. We found the area round and about typical hong kong i imagine. very busy. We walked everywhere. it was a trek from the harbour but dont walk then. get a taxi. We went to the Big Budda - fabulous and had afternoon tea at the Peninsula hotel Â £ 40 for 2. fabulous. Also a cocktail there in the evening. what a view. Have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. If you want somewhere even more central and no walking dont pick this .

do you have a good set of hiking boots ? You 'll need them for the steep hike up the street to get to the hotel .

if you wan na be a stone 's throw from one of the best outdoor bazaars in Asia -- the Ladies ' Market -- then this hotel is in the perfect location. This part of Mongkok is bustling and full of neon and busy all night , which I like .

we stayed at Stanford Hotel for 5 days from 8-12th dec 2008 arrived to hotel around 6pm. Lobby was nicely decorated with chritsmas tree and welcoming staff. We were told that non-smoking room is not available and they will move us next morning. We didnt move though because we were happy with the room. Our room was located near to the elevator , very convenient. Amazingly this hotel 's tv channels has watchable english movies ! ! Every night when we return to hotel the bed is made and room is cleaned ! ! Plenty of restaurants and shopping centres around the hotel. My favourite is Sephora , beauty centre. I am very pleased I chose this hotel and will stay here again in the future .

the location of the hotel for shopping is perfect close to the markets and the train to Shenzhen. Only problem the hotel did not know that you can not get a Visa at the border so we ended up in no-wheres land and wasted half a day and funny enough we were not the only ones. Heard that this might change again after 16 Oct .

my sister and I stayed in a standard room on the 10th floor. The room was n't huge but was spacious enough. Nice clean bathroom , beds were comfortable and had a giant plasma on the wall with English Channels .

stayed at this hotel during August 2008 ! After our long flight from the U.K the staff at the hotel were very good to us holding doors open for us and what not

location

stayed for 4 nights and actually this is my 2nd stay in this hotel .

we stayed 10 nights at Stanford Hotel. The service provided are generally good , they send us whatever we requested in just few minutes. Except on the day we checked in , the man at the door was quite rude as he argued with the taxi driver that drove us from the airport over the luggage matter .

our travel agent booked this hotel for us for our 5 night stay in Hong Kong while we were on our way to Europe .

a comfortable stay. The room was adequate , if a little on the small side. I would happily recommend The Stanford as an option away from the harbour area being so close to the ladies market . My only complaint was that a travel cot was not set up for us on arrival this seems to be a problem with many hotels .

i was pleasantly surprised when I saw a bathtub in the toilet upon stepping into the room as I had this impression that all the rooms in the hotel doesn â € ™ t comes with this feature. All the other items such as soap from the dispenser and all other necessities remains the same as from my previous visit. Do not expect too much of a luxury in this hotel as all the stuffs which they provide are basic necessities and if you are looking for creature comfort , my advice is to go to other hotels instead. However , service at the front desk is more helpful this time round. I sought help from them on where to buy a particular brand of a local product based on a packaging and the front desk staff immediately helped me to call the number found on it to enquire. Overall , I found that the service is a notch up from previously while still maintaining the level of comfort .

this was my third visit to Hong Kong. Like the location which is near to many shopping areas within walking distances and close to the heart of the locals .

having checked out of a hostel and stumbled upon the stanford , both me and my partner were amazed at the standard of the hotel , the room was fantastic , HUGE bed ! ! great room , all the facilities we needed , lots of coffee , hairdryer , massive bathroom with a great shower , really happy , i left my comments when i left and they even wrote me a letter back in England thanking me for the comments , working in a hotel myself i was pleasantly suprised at this lovely hotel :

rated as a three star hotel this place truely impresses. This was my second stay and I would stay here again. The room was clean , modern and comfortable. The staff were excellent and helped beyond all expectations to make our stay comfortable. We were travelling with a baby and gave us a late check out time at no extra cost. The location was safe and very convenient to all the Mong Kok attractions , particularly shopping and the Ladies night markets .

my galpals and I booked the room for 4 nights through the official hotel website @ HKD800 a night during the peak period such a steal ! . Location wise , would probably give it a 3 star out of 5 - Need a good 5 to 10 mins walk in from the nearest MTR. Good exercise though , after gluttony for the entire day. The entrance of the hotel was a little hard to find , quite obscure if you were to ask me. We were lugging our luggages round and round the blocks and none of the locals seemed to know this hotel -__- ' So make sure you carry a map .

hmmmm    Stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. I find the room small but clean. The location is great as it is near to mtr,ladies market and shopping malls. But do not expect much from this hotel , they does not have excellent service nor facilities .

the Stanford is a great little hotel in a perfect location in Kowloon. I paid $ 62 + 13 % tax for a single through a special offer on Expedia , and this was a fantastic bargain .

was initially a bit uneasy about booking at the Stanford after reading the mixed reviews , but the room soon put me to ease. We got a good deal from Agoda.com and were upgraded to a superior room , and the hotel was able to meet our request for a non-smoking , twin room. Room was rather cramped , with just about enough space for luggage , but we never spent much time in there anyway. Only complaint was that pillows were very flat , although Housekeeping was quick to respond with an additional pillow when requested .

we spent 4 nights at the Stanford Mongkok , and had a very pleasant experience. Our stay was definitely enhanced by the concierge Brian who did an excellent job at ensuring that we got the best out of our visit. He showed interest in how much we had enjoyed his suggestions , and booked us a very reasonable taxi directly back to the airport. He also taped up our suitcase , which we only discovered to be damaged as we were about to leave !

nothing fanciful about this hotel or is it really that bad. Just a decent place to stay in while you shop in Hong Kong. As no one really stays in an hotel while in HKG what matters most in the selection of hotels is the location and Stanford Hotel meets this criteria .

the location is great , in the heart of Mongkok. Initially wanted Langham hotel , but was fully booked , so we were given stanford hotel. The rooms were not ready when we arrived and we waited for almost more then half an hour. We arranged with our travel agency that we wanted 2 rooms side by side , the hotel didnt arranged that for us and we were given 2 rooms with different floor. We wanted a room upgraded to deluxe room , its newly renovated , its clean and neat , normal toilet with walk up shower only , but clean. Its a small room , small cupboard with no door , but thats fine with us. Basically you can hear people talking and walking outside. Since we are not spending much time in the room , so its fine. The stanford hotel chinese restaurant serves very good tim sum , if you are a tim sum lover , have to give it a try .

the location of this hotel is wonderful as it 's close to public transportation and also gives you exceptional access to the day-to-day life of Hong Kong 's average citizens .

stayed here from Oct 10 to 15 , 2007 .

my sister and I were pleasantly surprised by this little gem. The staff were great and the room , although not large was OK , clean and serviced excellently. The desk staff were extremely helpful. We found the hotel in a nice little area not far from the market and transport all within walking distance. This area all tends to look the same so take note of where you are going. You can get lost easily. The dining room was nice and the chef cooked us especially a souffle which was out of this world. Be prepared for the smell of the area which can permeat your skin and become quite unpleasant. Our return stay was in Whompoa which is a lovely area but for the experience of Hong Kong , we preferred Mongkok. Enjoy your stay .

this hotel is in a great location. Was there two nights in May 07 enroute to Europe from Australia. Staff at reception were polite but the supervisor was very icy-cold who did not respond to greetings ! He should n't be working there with this attitude. The doorman was pathetic as he did not help open door when I first arrived as I was struggling with two luggages. He did not even bat an eyelid when I smiled to him. Even worse he did not show me to the lift. What is he there for , I asked ! The room though small was clean. But on uncovering the bedcovers I saw a stain and pubic hair in my bed ! Must congratulate housekeeping for efficient and speedy service as they immediately attended to changing the linen and apologised profusely. Had breakfast on first morning. Was served 'fresh ' fruit salad which I sent back as they looked stale as if from night before. Their response was quick and came back with freshly cut up fruit salad. All in all , service was very good except for the reception supervisor and the doorman whose attitude must change if hotel want clients happy and to return for another stay. All said , I will come back to stay at this hotel and hopefully the attitude of supervisor and doorman would have improved .

this was the final four days of our our two week vist to China and I wish it would not have ended this way. No one in the hotel would help with our bags , the lobby was always crowed and more then one I had to walk down the stairs because I waited over 10 minutes for the elevator and I was on the 18th floor. The hotel rooms reminded me of my dorm room in college. I had to pus the door open hard because it it the bed. The bathroom dor would not open all the way because it hit the bed and the shower doors did not work. However , the A.C. in the room was wonderful. The location of the hotel was an hour walk to the harbor and in a more residential area , but there was a nice street market &quot ; Ladies Market&quot ; . The food at the hotel was horrible. Our agent booked us for breakfast every day and dinner two of the nights. The breakfast and dinner area was overbooks at breakfast and dinner and the selections were right out of a can. After the frist night , no one ate dinner there and most skipped breakfast. I can only recommend this hotel to the very very cheap budget travler or college student. There are a lot better offeres in Hong Kong at the same price .

after reading poor reviews for this hotel we were unsure what we would find. What a fantastic place this was to stay at for a budget hotel. The room was small but clean , fresh towels and sheets every day. The buffet breakfast had a huge variety of choices - yoghurt cereal bacon&amp ; eggs , sausages , tomatoes,hotcakes , fruit and plenty of tea and coffee. The staff were very pleasant and helpful , nothing was too much trouble .

whilst the hotel is well located , being close to MTR and train stations , night market , and lots of restaurants , it is in serious need of renovation .

we stayed here for one night , all our first choices being booked up .

i stayed here for 4 nights back in 2004. It was my first time in Hong Kong and I was travelling alone .

we had booked or so we thought to stay at the Stanford Hill View in TST , however , when we arrived in at the hotel they had no booking for us although they recognised us as we had stayed there before , we should have been staying for 15 nights and they no rooms available. It soon transpired that we had been booked into the Stanford Mong Kok. We arrived at the hotel and the staff were OK , the rooms were much smaller and the first one we were given was very dark it faced the back with a small window . We asked reception if we could have a larger room with more storage for our clothes and the shopping we knew we would do , they were more than pleased to assist and moved us to a twin room which was bigger all round. The rooms were neat and clean and the staff were very helpful and understanding,

very clean and comfortable but room is rather small , but not the smallest in HK. Space is just nice for 2 persons - my friend and I we 're both 5 + feet . There 's even space for luggage. Bathroom space is sufficient though .

small room with very basic amenities. However , it is very close to Ladies Market and the shopping streets. It is a short walk to Mongkok MTR though. The hotel is a little old but the thing that makes up for it is the close proximity to the shopping areas and night markets. Would not have chosen this hotel if there was a choice as it was a peak period and all hotels were full .

previous visits I have stayed on the Island , so this 2006 visit was my first stay in Kowloon. The Stanford was a good choice. It is an easy walk to the Metro and to the bus routes on Nathan Rd. The room was small but well appointed - and quiet , for me the most important feature. Staff were very attentive and honest I left some stuff in a room safe and they quickly returned it to me . The food in the downstairs restaurant was a bit lacking in flair - as the decor itself , but I am not too keen on eating in basement restaurants at the best of times. The lobby internet pc was handy and always available. Lobby staff were very helpful .

the location of the hotel is great. It is near to ladies street and within walking distance to MongKok MTR. But be prepared to walk through the crowds during peak hours and weekends from the hotel to MongKok MTR as the whole area will be very crowded .

the hotel is okay if you are looking for cleanliness and standard service , but be sure to request for a non-smoking room. we were given a room that smelled like vomit and cigarettes so that made our stay less comfortable than expected. the location was also not so good. the rooms were a trifle small , but a good deal for budget travellers .

if you 're looking to not have to pay the big prices at the main hotels in Hong Kong , I highly recommend this hotel. It is a short walk to shopping and the subway. The rooms are as clean as you could ever expect and the service is good .

we stayed at the Stanford hotel early November for around two weeks and found it to be very good. The Hotel was clean with nice size rooms and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We also had an hour free internet access for our laptop every day in our room which proved very useful. The restaurant also had a lovely restaurant in the basement where we ate fantastic Dim Sum. The location is right in the centre of down town Kowloon , which if you want to experience the locals Hong Kong then this is the place to be. If you prefer to be among westerners then you should probably look at a hotel further south in Tsim Sha Tsui or on Hong Kong Island. Whilst in Hong Kong you should try not to miss the restaurants on Lamma Island , especially at Sok Kwu Wan , the horseracing at Happy valley or the view from the bar at the top of the Peninsular .

being an avid toy collector , my husband loved the accessibility of the Stanford Hotel to Argyle Street where rare collectible items can be found. He 's best find was a 12-in. G.I. Joe doll in mint condition , sealed box , for only HK $ 19 .

this hotel is a very comfortable , modern , friendly hotel. The room was fantastic , the staff were great. Buffet breakfast in the morning was also very good .

