a bit of preamble. When we chose Cathay Pacific for our trip to Australia , we were faced with a 18-hour layover in Hong Kong. While it looked excellent for sightseeing , we feared that being around for so long , in between two 10-11 hour flights , would be very hard. So we started looking for a day use room. Our hopes of receiving good deals , since we did n't want to stay for the night , were crushed by many &quot ; offers&quot ; of booking two nights , only to use the day in between .

a nice , clean , functional hotel at a great price in a great location. Smallish rooms but fine for the price. Check in and concierge staff seemed a bit aloof but room staff were fast and friendly .

to start , we have to say we laughed at the comments made by others regarding the so-called 'hill'. People , this 'hill ' is nothing more than a sloping street about 50 yards long. It is not , repeat not , steep or high

good Service , clean rooms , perfect Location , i can purely recommendate this hotel , i enjoyed my stay very much and will 100 % choose it again on my next trip to Hongkong .

the hotel is tucked away from the busy street yet close enough to walk to many attractions or just into the general shopping area. Rooms are nice , fairly quiet , decent space , has a new feel to the carpeting and furnishing. Sheets feel new and good quality. Generally attentive hotel staff. Just small gripe about insufficient hotel amenities such as slippers , comb etc. and no roomsafe .

my Husband and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights on our way to Bali. After carrying out a lot of research I booked this hotel on the basis of location. Check in was quick and efficient , I had booked a twin room , but on arrival requested a double room , there were n't any available that night , but we were given a double room the next day. We had read several reviews about hotels in Hong Kong , and that the rooms were quite small , and as we are n't exactly , petite , were a bit worried , but when saw our room there was no need to be concerned as we found the rooms in this hotel the same size as hotels here in UK .

we stayed for 3 nights and was our first visit to Hong Kong. We found the hotels location excellent , easy walking distance to shops , bars , Kowloon Park , MTR and loads of places to eat locally and is right next to Knotsford Terrace which is recommended for food and drinks in many of the guide books. It 's also a 15/20 minute stroll down Nathan Rd to get to the museums and the Star Ferry terminal .

as the name implies - the hotel is indeed on a hill ... cemented hill that is. For those who do n't like hiking and trekking , then find some other hotel to stay. I do recommend JJ Hotel in Wanchai which we stayed in on our next trip back to HK .

stayed 2 nights in this hotel its about a 1 star at the most , the was unclean and had old furniture ie bed curtains carpet etc the reception were no help in changing our room , all they did was push a letter under my noise to say building work was going on thro the day from 10.00 am until 6.00pm so deal with it , we were on our last stop after staying in china and this was the worst hotel we stay at , book another hotel in kowloon

this hotel is basic , clean and enough for a comfortable leisure stay in HK. It is located on the quieter side of Kowloon but still everything including Nathan road is walking distance. I didnt have any complaints about my stay here. The staff were helpful too .

we stayed here for 3 nights but we felt enough to say about this hotel .The location is very convenient ,near many shops and restaurants . The room was spacious and clean . The staff was outstanding , they were very friendly and helpful with our big bags to our room , they worked with a big smile . All over , It was a good choice .

when the airport bus stopped at a very grotty looking building and called out Stanford Hillview our hearts sank - but then we realised that the bus could n't make the turn into Observatory Road because of the hill and suddenly there were many helpful porters to carry our bags to the hotel. The hill is not that bad - the steps on the road are wide and staggered. You can always cheat and go through the basement level where the concierge is and the lifts are right there for you ! ! Or climb some stairs further down Kimberley Road which then takes you past the Knutsford Terrace trendy dining places - either way it is not too stressful and I have netball knees !

perfect Location : on a quiet side street in TST quiet side street is a rare thing anywhere in HK , which gives you excellent access to shopping and dinning. The hotel is on a VERY STEEP hill , which is not ideal for older travelers or travelers with kids. However , as someone noted , you can get up on the escalator to Knustford Terrence and walk across the Terrence to the back entrance of the hotel .

i stayed here for 3 days last month. The BIG hill really steep but the bell service was great. They brought my baggages from the road down at the corner. Check-in and out was very efficiency. Reception staff were given a card to us when we went for a morning jog with hotel name and location just in case we got lost , which was an extra warm touch by the reception staff. Room was comfortable and clean. I highly recommend this hotel and we will come to stay again .

i stay 4 nights in this hotel for attending the trade show. Many good thinks to say : Conveniently located near Nathan road , the place is safe and they are VERY clean , you never fear about if might be clean or noth. The breakfast is not marvelous but it has something for each one if you 're into asian food or western .

well we were staying on the 11th floor of the hotel and it was very quiet there were a row of bars running under the hotel but we didnt hear them through the night .

we booked this hotel on the recomendation of friends and were not disappointed. Rooms in a reasonable price .

i had been in Hong Kong once when I was ten. Not much memory about that trip. This time I visited again with my girlfriend. I made a mistake when I did the reservation. I booked a twin. Fortunately , we stay there in the low season. When we were registering , the guy at the front desk ask us whether we want a double bed room or a twin. He is really attentive .

i booked the room on their own website with a reasonanble price. The staff there are really helpful. Whenever I ask the bellboy or receptionist about the place around , they are able to tell me how to get there clearly. Service are good and the location of the hotel is really strategical. I will visit again next time for my business .

making my first trip to Hong Kong , it was clear that finding a room at a reasonable price would be a challenge. I booked a room for 4 nights at the Stanford Hillview as it seemed to be one of the few hotels in the Kowloon area that were of reasonable quality and at a reasonable price at least for HK . On paper , it also looked like it would be convenient to the Kowloon sites and a reasonable walk to the Star Ferry or metro station .

ca n't complain about this hotel. it is well situated in a quiet area but close to restaurants and night life - within easy walking distance of the subway lines and the harbour. Staff were keen to help and exceptionally efficient the room was comfortable and very clean and the food at breakfast was excellent. I would recommend this place heartily .

we stayed for four nights in Oct 2008. Our room was quiet and comfortable and although the view was very ordinary other buildings , it did n't matter as we spent little time there. Breakfast was of the usual &quot ; international buffet&quot ; type and sufficient for us. We did n't use the restaurant at other times so we ca n't comment on the quality of other meals. Other facilities at the hotel were adequate although the roof garden was nothing special. While we were there , the bar was running a half price promotion on all drinks after 2130 which brought the cost down to a realistic level .

for a city like Hong Kong this is a very good option with a reasonable prices the hotel sometimes offers value packs at at their web site and good location in the Kowloon area .

our flight got in at 7am and we arrived at the hotel at 8.30am , expecting to have to wait until the 2pm check-in time , but they gave us our keys straight away , which was just what we wanted after an 11 hour flight. We asked for a high floor room , and they accomodated us straight away. Yes the view was of other buildings , but all buildings in Hong Kong are high rise !

stayed 4 nights. Had booked deluxe room only to find view is of apartments next door. Changed to room at back overlooking Observatory , was OK .

we stayed for 2 nights with our daughter. At our request we were given a larger room because of the extra bed which was good because the rooms clearly are not big. Certainly not a luxurious hotel but perfectly acceptable. Breakfast was good value. Location is great withing walking distance of the harbour and shopping areas. Do n't worry about the hill - its only a short walk. Many nearby restuarants. Would recommend it as a reasonable value hotel in a good location .

we booked the hotel through a last minute website. The confirmation came back with details of a shuttle bus. On the booking slip we had to include details of our arrival flight and we were arriving after midnight. We arrived at the airport at 1am and there was no one in sight. We eventually found a flight attendant who very kindly rang the hotel to find out what had happened .

i booked here following reviews on Tripadvisor and I was n't disappointed. I had just one night in Hong Kong between flights and decided to stay in town rather than at the airport and this was an excellent choice .

we were in Hong Kong on a short break from Guangzhou. Went to the hotel reception to ask for the price for two rooms and two nights. Louis , the receptionist told us the price , but he forgot that it was October 1st and no longer low season rates. When we were checking out , we had a big surprise waiting , double price. Louis or any of the staff of the hotel never admitted the mistake and so far there has been no reply from the manager Michael either. Not an apology , nothing. When you go there , be careful with what they say , it might not be true. I will definitely choose another hotel the next time in HK. For the double price we got old and smelly of cigarette rooms. Virpi Ramark

i would really recommend this hotel. It is situated in a great place. Location is just perfect - 15 minutes walk to star ferry , 10-15 minutes walk to night market. It is in a walking distance to everything- subway , shops , restaurants .

found this hotel on Tripadvisor after having no clue where to stay. Such a clean and impressive hotel. Really helpful and polite staff and great location. Other reviews mentioned the steep hill the hotel is on which worried us before we went , but really this is no big deal. It 's steep , but not a long road so minimal effort required ! would definitely return .

the Stanford Hillview is a small but very well kept hotel in the Tsim Sha Tsui TST area. The hotel is located near fantastic restaurants of various cuisines as well a affordable Chinese eateries , a grocery , convenience stores , and coffee shops .

my friend and me were pleasantly suprised when we saw our rooms....nothing like 3 stars but more like 4 stars ! Rooms were decorated nicely and our view was quite good. The fridge in the room had a good choice of drinks/soft drinks but they do charge for mineral water. Other than that , the bathroom was clean and even the beds too !

hotel has a perfect location to discover Hong Kong. Museums , MTR , Star Ferry , shops , restaurants and bars are all within walking distance. The staff is friendly and professional ; the rooms are clean and quiet ; the food is fine. We stayed seven nights and never regretted our choice. If we ever visit Hong Kong again , we will certainly return to Stanford hillview .

we stayed at this hotel for two nights and it was a great value. The Stanford Hillview is a short walk to the subway and very accessible to locations in Kowloon .

great little hotel in a great location. Decor in rooms are probably a bit dated but they are good size and nice and clean. For this price and location I don Â ´ t think you can find anything better in HK .

located at the top of a steep walk up a hill , this hotel is great value ! very helpful english speaking staff , extraordinarilly clean rooms , very lovely bathrooms , very quiet area. short walk to the lovely gardens and not far from the start of the market areas. lots of food places nearby and taxis are always hanging around the hotel so its very easy to get around. hotel is in kowloon which is about 40 minutes from the airport by taxi. great hotel , will be going back again for sure !

stayed there for 2 nights with a girlfriend. I got a last minute deal USD $ 60sth/night and the hotel is pretty good with such a low price .

a really , really nice place to stay in a great location in HK with the exception of the short but VERY steep hill up to it ! !

stayed at this Hotel early June 08. No complaints about the service , location , or condition of the Hotel ; although , the room I was given was a bit 'oldish ' but tolerable depends on how much you pay I guess as to what sort of room you get... . Would stay at this hotel again .

my mum and me stayed at the Stanford Hillview for 10 days in November 2007. Overall , this a great hotel for seeing the sites of Hong Kong. It was a short walk 5-10 min to the subway station and just down the road to the shops. Whilst it is situated on a steap hill , there are numerous secret ways to get to and from the hotel once you get to know the area you can almost walk the whole way through a shopping centre which is much nicer than negotiating the busy streets .

we booked this hotel after reading all the positive reviews and we were not disappointed. The hotel was excellent .

we found the best deal for this hotel and booked the room on their web site. I was impressed with their quick and thorough email responses to the few questions that I had regarding my upcoming trip. They advised me about the airport shuttle that I assumed took me directly to the hotel but upon reading other recent reviews after my trip I see that it can â € ™ t make it up that all important hill. So , I guess it â € ™ s just as well that my husband and I missed the shuttle. You see it stops at midnight and our 9 : 30 pm airport arrival time was delayed until about 12 : 15 am .

by now , it is obvious that the hotel sits on a steep slope. Hopefully , my photo could show how steep it is. My wife and I stayed in this hotel for 5 nights , and we booked the hotel in full awareness of the slope because of the positive reviews here .

location : Yes , it 's on a very steep hill , one that has a staircase up the sidewalk , so be prepared ! Lots of good restaurants nearby , and close to a subway stop- maybe a 5-10 minute walk. Easy to walk from here to a lot of Kowloon .

a pleasant , clean , if fairly budget hotel , in a really good location in Kowloon. The room was pretty small , but as we spent most of our time out and about this was n't too important. Staff were friendly and helpful but , by God , when the brochure says that teh hotel is on a hill , it was n't joking. OUr coach transfer dropped us at the bottom of the hill as it could n't make it up there ! If you have any mobility problems at all , then think again.. .

as a frequent business traveler to HK about 4-5 times a year I usually stay here or at the YMCA on Salisbury Road. However , visiting HK en route for our honeymoon to New Zealand and Australia , we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as a couple for the first time and had an unpleasant experience .

i stay in Stanford Hillview last year december. It 's a really good hotel with all attractions and transportation within wallking distance , but the only problem is that the slope to the hotel is really steep and tedious , although you can walk up from knustford terance but the staircase is very long too.. esp after a tiring day.. Unless you are into backpacking you might not compained.. but not for shoppers .

nice clean 3 star hotel.very good position for sight seeing.right on nutsford terrace,full of eating places little expensive ,hotel free shuttle bus very usefull.trip booking office on site.small rooms but this is hong kong not much space

good location , rooms a little small even for a single room , and average. Bathroom okay. Helpful staff .

a very nice hotel and worth every dollar you spent. Location is in TST area , the central of 'real ' Hongkong. Walking about 5-10 minutes to MTR station , near dozens of restaurants and shops , however still it is very quiet. A steep road is not a big problem , not at all. Room is very clean , spotless and the space is decent , it is more spacious than The Kimberley Hotel 's room which is about in the same vicinity. I just praise HK 's cleanliness standard. Both Kimberley and Stanford Hillview are very clean. Staff are helpful. And off course , the wonderful things added to the value of the hotel is the Knutsford Terrace. We spent every night drinks and have a light meal in different cafes/resto after all-day-long exploring HK. I will definitely go back to Stanford Hillview again on my next trip to HK .

stayed here in December 2007 and found the Hotel to be great value for money. The rooms were fine and the buffet breakfast is a must for $ 60.The evening buffet is also great value for money. Although the hotel is on a hill I would not let this put you off what is a very good hotel that considerably punches above its 3 star status .

yes , it 's all true what other reviewer 's have written about this hotel .

this is a fantastic hotel in the heart of Hong Kong , The rates are very reasonable , the hotel is clean and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Although there is a steep hill up to the hotel you can access it from Knutsford Terrace where there is an escalator. Knutsford Terrace has a number of great restaurants. Only a 10 minute walk to the closest underground and the famous Nathan Road shopping centre. Would highly recommend this hotel .

stayed here for a full week , and we were very happy here. My husband is an insomniac , and I always look for a quiet hotel , which I thought would be difficult to find in such a crowded city. We stayed on the 10th floor , facing the observatory , and he slept great ! Our room was always clean , beds were made with crisp duvets , with very large pillows. Breakfast buffet was fabulous , enough variety to please everyone from vegans to carnivores. Staff spoke great English. Internet is expensive in the business center , I think 60 HKD per hour. Easy access to bus routes on Nathan , subway stop also a quick 10 minute walk. SHH offers a free drop-off at the airport line subway station , so do n't pay for door to door service if you can haul your own luggage. A group of three or more goes for much less than individual fares. Many restuarants nearly directly outside the front door , our favorite was the Indonesian called 1968. I would recommend the green papaya salad !

stayed at the Stanfod Hillview Hotel in October 2007 and had a great stay. Hotel is ideally located to explore Hong Kong. Right in the heat of Tsim Sha Tsui you are never far away from Hong Kong 's many attractions. The room was a good size and very clean and comfortable. There are pleanty of good places to eat on Knutsford terrace .

excellent hotel

we stayed here for a week when we were in hong kong. the rooms were very small , dusty and had a sewerage smell in the corridor. they did n't feel very clean but were acceptable. the decor of the rooms feel aged and in need of renovation. make you sure do n't use the mini bar as it is extremly overpriced when 7-11 is down the road. staff at the restaurant and reception also try make everything as &quot ; part of the room rate&quot ; until you check out and they tell you that breakfast is n't free even though we asked as we were unsure of what the travel agent had arranged nor is use of the golf simulator upstairs. staff were also very unfriendly and do not really make you feel welcome. when requesting for services , they made it obvious that they are only complying with us as they are not in a position to refuse .

stayed for a night during Christmas period in 2006 as most hotels were either booked or too expensive. Having been to HK several times for leisure , I have always stayed at different hotels as there are plenty of choices to choose from and it 's always nice to try out a new hotel .

not luxurious but well priced - it 's hard to get more room for less. Not well stocked in terms of facilities but that does n't really matter because you 're in Hong Kong .

my Wife and I stayed at this hotel for 9 days. We both chose this hotel though your site and it was exactly as descibed .

room not as small as I thought it would be , I got a twin room on the 8th floor. It 's not big , but had no problem moving around , bathroom a bit smaller , but very clean. Housekeeping very good , room very clean. Front desk staff never smiled but I did n't have much contact with hotel staff except check in and check out. Also very quiet. Overall a good hotel if you are not looking for a grand lobby and swimming pool...etc that kind of stuff .

you can not find a better hotel in a better location in that price range ! It was extremely quiet and clean. The room was perfect deluxe twin . We loved having breakfast in the dining room and looking out the window at the beautiful huge banyan trees. You are close to everything , and there 's even a supermarket just around the corner - convenient for bottled water. Be sure to check the hotel 's Internet offer .

we stayed for one week from 11th September. We booked a standard twin room online through Wired Destinations , which seemed to be the best deal. I think the room was a Deluxe from looking at their website - it was quite compact especially the bathroom ! but quite sufficient for our needs. It was clean and modern and pleasantly decorated. Yes , the beds were firm ! but my back had no complaints .

stayed in the Stanford Hillview hotel with my sister on the first leg of a three destination holiday during August. The weather in Hong Kong was very hot and humid but the air conditioning in our room was a god send. The hotel was very clean and our room was quite spacious. We had a five night stay and our bed linen and towels were changed every day. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Even though breakfast was not included in our booking we used the buffet style breakfast a few mornings. The buffet selection was mind blowing with all kinds of conceivable goodies to whet your appetite and certainly keep you going for a good part of the day .

we stayed at the Stamford Hillview during a stop-over on the way Europe for 1 night on the way there and back home to Australia. Great location , right off the central shopping area and near the subway .

good sized for Hong Kong , clean rooms. Polite and helpfull staff. 3 star hotel that punches above its weight. Located right on Knutsford Terrace - 5-10 min walk down Nathan Road to Tsim Sha Sui and Star Ferry. Would stay again .

was staying at this hotel from 18th to 24th August , while visiting HK for a medical conference. Chose this hotel because of the review from Tripadvisor. It 's near shopping centres , MRT stations 2 , eateries etc. I enjoyed the food at Knutsford Terrace , about 5 min away. Staff are professional and super friendly. Very good service from them. Room is ok. HK 's hotel rooms tend to be small. Overall , it 's a hotel with good service and it 's situated at a convenient location. The slope was really not a problem. We entered the hotel 's B1 from Knutsford Terrace .

the stanford hill view is in a great location , close to all the shopping in the kowloon area. the staff there are very friendly and the breakfast included was great !

stayed here on the last leg of my Honeymoon. Location is great , Rooms are not spacious but average size. Hill up to the hotel is a killer - get a taxi !

this is a pretty good hotel for a reasonable price in a very expensive city. The staff were friendly and helpful and the room facilities were perfectly fine. The only problem was the bed. It was amazingly hard as were the pillows. It got so uncomfortable that I asked the manager if they had other rooms with softer mattresses.... they did n't. If they changed this one thing , I 'd happily go back .

enjoyed our stay. The hill is not big and only a few steps but a pain when you have been shopping lol . Staff are friendly , rooms are spacious and clean. Would stay again .

stayed here for 2 nights. Nice rooms and generally helpful desk staff. They were a bit disorganized around arrangements for airport transfer and required many phone calls and clarifications to get it right. Rooms were clean and good sized. Breakfast was oK if a bit pricey for what you get. One warning....I was quoted a price for a room by the hotel in writing but they would not honor it when I went to pay for the room. Much discussion at the front desk yielded no satisfaction. I was quite suprised that they would not provide good customer service by honoring their own price quote .

well done Trip Adviser , the reviews about this place were quite accurate ! Our room was comfortable and big enough. Our deluxe double was on a par with a standard Hilton room .

we were on vacation during the first week of April. Unfortunately , as soon as we got to the hotel to check in , I realized that my wallet was missing , and was probably left behind in a cab. The hotel staff went out of their way to attempt to help us get in touch with various cab companies. They were very helpful with all of our subsequent questions about how to get to various places around the city. The location of the hotel was great. The walk up the hill , which others mention , is not bad as long as you do n't have any major disabling conditions. The numerous adjacent restaurants were so much fun to eat at that we chose not to eat at the hotel. We took the airport express bus to the airport takes about 45 min - 1 hr , which only ended up being about $ 60 -70 HKD for 2 people , and stops at a a nearby location on Nathan Rd .

the hotel was in a fantasic position for all the local attractions in Kowloon. Only a minutes walk away and you are at the terrace bars and restaurants just behind the hotel .

stayed for 3 days on business trip , good location for business , has a little alley full of good restaurants right next to it , starbucks is 50 meters away. Breakfast was great , didnt have lunch or dinner. Rooms were very good , very clean , fast wireless was great , and the hotel is on top of a hill with no other building around so their is pretty much no noise at all !

hotel is well situated for Nathan Rd and Temple St markets , and is just a 15 minute walk to the Star Ferry terminal. Room was fine and bed very comfortable , two singles pulled together to make one huge double .

we stayed a week at the hotel from Mar 28 to Apr 4. We read the reviews on tripadvisor.com before deciding to book this hotel. We liked this hotel because it is located in Tsimshatsui. We knew about the steep hill , but there was another way through the escalator and a flight of stairs at Knutsford Terrace behind Miramar shopping centre. We were pleasantly surprised by the size of the room , it is quite spacious in Hong Kong standard. The gym was not well equipped but there was no one using it and it was free to all the guests. We also looked into the driving range on the top of the hotel. It costs HKG $ 70 less than US $ 10 for a bucket of golf balls and some clubs so we did not use that particular amenity but there is a decent view up there .

we stayed at the Stanford Hillview with a small group in January 2007. We found the hotel to be a reasonably good chioce overall .

thank you trip advisor reviewers for your accurate comments regarding this hotel.It is excellent value for money in a decent location.Rooms are not new , but perfectly satisfactory considering that you only sleep in them.A decent buffet breakfast costs only 60HKD.and the whole hotel is kept immaculately clean.The big plus is the price compared to other hotels.I also managed to get a free late check out by booking through Virgin.I scoured the internet looking for a decent hotel at a reasonable price in a decent location.It came down to the Stamford Hillview or the Metropark in Causeway Bay.I think the latter is more luxurious.but I am glad that I stayed on the Kowloon side of HK..and would certainly stay at the Stamford again.If you are visiting HK , try to fit in a boat trip around Aberdeen harbour.Walk away from the boat owner until he agrees a price of 50HKD for the 30 minute trip .

we stayed at the Stanford Hillview hotel for 7 nights during lunar new year 's celebrations.. the hotel is perfectly located in the center of everything important : restaurants , all kind of stores , supermarkets , MTR &amp ; busses. room was kept very clean and unlike in other reviews , we thought it was spacious enough &amp ; very comfortable standard room . worth mentioning that the small fridge in the room was quite usefull. air conditioning in the room was always working , even when we were out , so in daily returns , the room was kept cool &amp ; dry. a late check out was offered free of chrge. about the steep hill , there is a simple way to avoid it by taking the 2 segments of the escallator in kimberley Rd. look for &quot ; Knutsford steps&quot ; and enter B1 hotel floor straight to the hotel 's elevators. defenitly would choose this hotel again !

my wife,myself and 2 daughters 21 &amp ; 18 stayed at the stanford hillview for 10 nights Feb 5-16. We all thought it was a fantastic hotel in a great location. We had breakfast included which was a great way to start the day. The hotel itself was always clean and quiet and the staff were always helpful. We actually picked this hotel by using the reviews on Trip advisor. We are glad we did.This hotel might not have 5 bars , pool/spas and expansive lobby area , but it offered a great place to return to at the end of a long day out and about. After 10 nights here we could not find fault with it although my wife thought the beds were a bit firm. The location was perfect. We walked to either 1 of 2 MTR stations,walked to the Star ferry and to the temple street night markets.Shops and restaurants surround the hotel and the Irish pub &quot ; The Fine Irishman&quot ; was a great place for a beer and a feed. All in all a great spot to stay and we would thoroughly recommend this hotel to the tourist looking out for a nice hotel without the big costs .

we got this through a package deal with travelhouse.co.uk. I will be consice about this hotel as I know it can be a bore reading through reams of text. The following are the opions of my friend and I , and ultimately you will have to make you own mind up wether to saty here :

this was a great little gem , especially for the price you pay. The rooms were not big , but were actually bigger than we expected for Hong Kong standards. Hotel was quite clean. There 's a neat little terrace on the roof with a golf driving cage and places to sit. Staff was helpful. Was near a lot of hub-bub but tucked away from the noisiest parts. A new mall and street of upscale sidewalk restaurants are just a few steps away from the front .

stayed 3 nights - rooms are fine for the price , not large but clean and beds are comfortable - but the background building hum made this the noisiest place I can remember staying in .

the room was wonderfully cosy and the bed was fabulously comfortable. I cant stop raving about the bed. It was very soft with fresh sheets and really soft comforter. Great for resting your tired body after a whole day of walking around town .

had one night here in between Sheratons and a side trip to Shanghai. Expected the worst as the price is almost too cheap by Hong Kong standards. On entering the room , we were pleasantly surprised , and although quite compact , it was clean and had a good firm bed with very clean linen and cable tv. Bathroom also small but clean and everything worked well. The window even offered a view over the treetops uncommon in Kowloon ! Staff very helpful. The area is excellent for eating and shopping and the most amazing Indonesian restaurant is ten paces across the road. We even walked back up the hill a second time to eat here when we checked into the Sheraton. This is a good value hotel for the budget-conscious tourist in a very expensive city. It seemed to have high-occupancy rates and lots of Western tourists coming and going. A good choice .

just spent 6 pleasant days at the Stanford Hillview. We booked through Asiarooms no trouble on a B&amp ; B option. The room was small but ample for me and my partner. Beds were comfy , bathroom was clean with a powerful shower. A/C worked a treat saving us from Hong Kongs humity. Staff were very helpful and efficient. Breakfast was a mixture of cooked western breakfast , pastries , fruits , yoghurts and some Chinese congees , very nice but wouldnt have taken it if it wasnt included in the room price. The hotel is located down a side street so is a quite haven in busy Tsim Sha Tsui , excellent for Nathan Streets many shops. Its also located less than 5 minutes walk from 2 metro stations and about 15 minutes walk from Temple Streets night markets. The hotel is at the top of a small steep hill but you can go through the basement car park to a lift. We took the airport shuttle Vigor to and from the airport costing less than Â £ 10 pp each way and it drops you off at the bottom of the hill and the bellboy met us there to take our cases .

we were very please with our choice of hotel for our 4 day trip to Hong Kong .

stayed 14th-16th August 2006

this is a great mid-range hotel to stay in for a visit to Hong Kong .

i got a good price $ 82 for a single room . Everything was clean , and the bed had a very nice duvet. The room was tiny , no bureau at all. I am used to Hong Kong hotel rooms , but this was the smallest ever. However , I saw that some of the other rooms were much bigger , so perhaps my small price got me a small room Room 503 . The location is rather inconvenient. I would not stay here again , because I think a no-view room at the Salisbury YMCA makes more sense. But if you end up staying here , do n't worry : everything is clean and the staff is fine. One good thing : a 4 p.m. check-out was offered for no extra charge , and the 6 p.m. late check-out cost me something like $ 15 .

we booked this hotel with hotel Travel which had the cheapest price and still has to my knowledge. Prior to departing the hotel arranged the shuttle bus from the airport for us at 80 hkd per person which we thought was great as we knew we could get there hassle free. We were very pleased with the location of the hotel , O.K. so you have to walk a bit to the MTR but you can get to lots of places once you have entered the MTR station and it 's airconditioned so you stay out of the humidity on the streets. There is also the added benefit of being in a quiet location , which having heard the traffic on Nathan Rd , was a definite plus. The hotel was excellent value for money. The rooms were a little dated but immaculately clean and as you really only sleep in there it was n't a problem. We also had a fantastic breakfast there for only 30 HKD. I would advise anyone to stay at the Stanford Hillview , it 's a great hotel and wo n't eat into your budget too much. An excellent hotel .

the hotel is just perfect for the price that we paid. We booked a Standard room thru Expedia for HK $ 500 per night. When we checked in at the hotel , we got upgraded to Superior room at the same price .

fantastic location , great late checkout 6.00pm terrific breakfast that will see you through to dinner , and very clean , great price , great location , all good !

great Value and just minutes from all the action. If you are on a budget as we were you ca n't go far wrong with this Hotel. If you get a chance go to the Revolving 66 restaurant for amazing views .

have just returned from spending 10 nights at this hotel. Good value , terrific location only minutes from most central amenities. Very polite staff , bedding changed every day if you do n't stop them ! Good breakfast buffet but could possibly have got cheaper elsewhere . Room basic but comfortable , and even though our flight was not due to depart until late evening they let us stay in our room until 6.00pm on the last day. We were on the 5th floor , but not high enough to avoid the smell of food at all hours. Just round the corner from Knutsford Terrace -great Italian restaurant within 4 minutes tripping distance ! Would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again .

it was my first time in HK and I stayed at the Stanford Hillview for 5 nights. The location is excellent , only 10 mins walk to the main shopping district and the Star Ferry. The room was larger than I 'd expected and staff were polite and helpful , allowing me to check in early at no extra charge , and also looking after my bags when I 'd checked out. I did use the hotel 's buffet breakfast which gave an ideal start to the day. I got a good rate booking via Expedia and would certainly be happy to stay there again .

stayed for 4 nights. Best thing about the hotel is the location , with Knutsford Terrace just round the corner. Some excellent restaurants and plenty of bars. Plus only 10-15 minute walk to the Star Ferry .

we stayed at this hotel for 16 nights , this was our 5th trip to Hong Kong but our first stay here , the room was much larger than we have experienced before , rooms were clean and well equipped , there were no in room safe but the reception staff were happy to access safes in Reception for us. Staff were extremely helpful and late check out was offered withiout additional charge. Location is excellent and entrance through basement just off Knutsford Terrace meant no walking up the hill after a busy day shopping. Buffet breakfast was good but try to get this included in your room rate as it is probably not worth what they charge for on a daily basis .

