i 've been a bit tardy with this review , as it 's been nearly 8 months since I stayed 3 nights at The Cityview in April 2009. Anyway.. .

i looked for a lot of hotels reviews and found this one very convenient , very close to the MTR station and it was just renewed... they also upgrade our room and give us a very good view to the city... I was impressed of the size of the room... we are talking about HK , and most of the rooms used to be very small , but the one we get was bigger than the one I had in Marriott in the DC. I highly recomend this hotel .

the lobby manager was very rude to us. Our trip was nearly spoiled after talking to her. BAD BAD BAD experince.. .

we stayed here for 6 nights at the end of September 2009. Being native to Hong Kong and still have family living there , it has been a long time since I last had to stay in a hotel. Although the Cityview is no luxury hotel and we stayed in one of the rooms which have not been refurbished yet , it was still a very pleasant stay. Our large room faced towards Langham Place on a very high floor so the view was great and also it was very quiet. We had requested such a room by email before arriving and were pleased our request had been honoured. The location really can not be beat as you are only 2 minutes walk from the Yaumatei station. Being just off Nathan Road meant you are in the middle of everything and yet on a quiet street. The small launderette opposite the hotel also proved very useful ! There are eateries close by in every direction but if you are looking for a quick breakfast I would recommend the bakery next to 7-11. Who could resist a freshly baked egg tart in the morning ? ! And obviously the shopping district of Mongkok is only a stone 's throw away and Tsimshatsui is only a few stops on the bus in the other direction. We had no issues to contact reception apart from check-in and check-out , both occasions we were treated with courtesy. We found a very good deal on the internet : 20 % off if you stay 4 nights or more which equated to about Â £ 40 per night , so it was a bargain ! If I needed to stay in a Hong Kong again I would definitely consider The Cityview !

location of the hotel is great , Yau Ma Tei Station is around its door way. Coming and going to airport is easy and convenient. The most budget option is taking Bus A21 , which closet stop is only 1 min walk from the hotel , on Nathan Rd. However , Yau Ma Tei is a bit further away from the big department stores around Victoria Bay and Tsim Sha Tsui. About 15mins walk , which could be an issue for big shoppers .

the Second hotel on our trip in hong Kong . The location of the hotel is good , it 's near all , stations , bus stops , restaurants , starbucks , malls , etc. However , the front desk staff was not welcoming at all. Felt like &quot ; pay and get out of my face&quot ; . We reserved a deluxe room , but it was very small , even the bathtub , the room has no shaver , no comb supplied .

hotel in good location.just off Nathan road which is a bustling street full of eateries and shops.also MTR at hand.the staff were friendly and helpful .the room we had was clean and beds were comfy.for the price we paid it was good value for money.we had breakfast every morning and it was always very good and not expensive. .

we 've stayed at the Cityview for more than 2 weeks after reading the positive comments from Trip Advisor and we were not disappointed. The room was North American-sized - i.e. big for HK standards ! Yes , the room was ordinary , but it was budget priced , very clean , and the size was more than adequate. We were pleasantly surprised by the great services of the staff there , esp. after they 've upgraded us to the premium room free of charge. The cleaning staff there was very courteous and helpful too. We 've especially liked the location - which is probably mere meters away from the train station and many restaurants. The area feels safe to walk in at night. Be sure to check out the neighbourhood eats in the area - the congee place and the bakery around the corner both open before 7am and are great cheap eats !

the Cityview is in an excellent location , 2mins walk from Nathan Rd and MTR station. The hotel is modern and the rooms are clean and tidy. All round great value hotel for Hong Kong

the location of the hotel is good , it 's near all , stations , bus stops , restaurants , starbucks , malls , etc. However , the front desk staff was not welcoming at all. Felt like &quot ; pay and get out of my face&quot ; . We reserved a deluxe room , but it was very small , even the bathtub , the room has no shaver , no comb supplied .

we spent 4 nights here , the room was quite small and a bit tired/dated and I can not advise if all rooms were like the one we had or if there has been some refurbishment in any areas of the hotel .

this hotel is located in a convenient area as it is only a few minutes walk to the Ladies Market and the Sportswear and Electronic areas of Mongkok. The Yau Ma Tei station is only round the corner as well. If you are n't fussy with your hotel room and only want a place to sleep at night , then this hotel is for you .

room was very small , but great location. I would stay here again !

booked this hotel through booking.com. chose it because of its price and the location which is very near the MTR. True enough , it was just about a minute away from the MTR station. its not like the other hotels near the MTR station but you have to take a long walk to get to the train. Besides this , there are a lot of fast food establishments near the hotel- Kfc , yoshinoya , burger king , 7/11 , K store .

we found the hotel a little pricey for what it was , however , apart from the bathroom being a little tired the room premier/deluxe was fine , well serviced clean and well maintained. Contrary to other reports we did n't get any noise from other rooms and the staff were helpful. We had a fridge but no mini bar which was great as we could by our own drinks and fill the fridge so that is a definite plus. The hotel is well located just of Nathan Rd which is the main centre of activity in Kowloon and only 100 metres from the underground railyway MRT . The MRT is easy to use and effiecent - a joy .

  minute walk to subway and Nathan Road. Good value external laundry , money exchange and 7-Eleven right opposite. 5-10 min walk to markets , cheap shops , specialty shops , high-end shopping malls , local style restaurants , bus etc. Hotel is somewhat tired but clean. Small room , HARD bed you can ask for a soft overlay . Good separate bathroom/toilet with fan. Reception staff were impersonal but OK , concierge staff were very friendly and helpful. They charge extra for everything. A good &quot ; Western style&quot ; breakfast outside of hotels is hard to find on this side of Hong Kong Hong Kong Central/Island is better . By comparison with other places we 've stayed at , breakfast was acceptable 6/10 . Hongs Kong 's MTR public transport system is fantastic , particularly the subway rail ... easy to get araound and understand. Buy yourself an &quot ; Octopus&quot ; card you can cash-in when leaving for travelling on everything rail , ferries , trams , bus. They even work for purchases at 7Eleven and other stores . Other countries should get this system .

the size of the rooms were comfortable. Enough space to walk around and put our luggages. Neat &amp ; clean. Daily necessities were replaced everyday. There were security checks at night which made me feel quite safe .

the only good thing for this hotel is the location ! excellent for going to markets and do some bargain shopping. We stayed for 5 days and when we walked in our room , we were disappointed big style , it was nothing like the pictures shown on website we have been travel around the world so we are not naive enough to think it will be exactly the same but did n't prepare ourselves for this. our room was small , much smaller than you will get at the travelodge , bathroom was so tiny we could n't even move freely with one person. Hotel staff was trying their best to be helpful but they indeed need more training. will I be back to this hotel ? NO ! will I recommended anyone to stay in this hotel ? NO !

its located near an MTR so that was convenient for us. The room was tiny and compact which was kind of expected. Everything was tucked away in drawers , cupboards. The concierge was helpful but cant say the same about the receptionists. We had to pay extra for the Internet which was kind of sad considering that we were in Hong Kong .

this is our third or fourth stay in this hotel. Its location is very good with subway station right outside of the hotel. A supermarket very close by. A short walk will lead us to Women 's street. Good congee opposite the hotel. Many other great food around hotel. Easy access to TsimTsa Tsui district for shopping. Very good service. The buffet in the hotel also very good quality. This is why we come back to stay in this hotel again and again .

a friend recommended me to this hotel and I was not disappointed. I was there for 4 nights with a young child. The counter lady was really sweet and friendly when we did our check-in. We were given free upgrade and she even brought us to view the rooms personally. We stayed in the newly renovated rooms which were super clean and new. The location of the hotel is near to great eateries , shopping streets/malls and the MTR. The rooms were cleaned everyday. Overall , the experiene was good. Will definitely recommend to other friends and will go back again if I went to HK next time .

i was excited to stay the hotel because on their HP , they said that they recently renew the hotel and the photos were amaizing , but the room I was guided was old one and was pretty much disappointed .

we arrived early in the morning at this hotel and our room was supposed to be ready. It was n't and we had to wait for 3 hours for it to be ready. When we did get our room we were upgraded to a deluxe suite as it was out honeymoon which was lovely although a bit small but it served a purpose of sleeping as we were out most days sight seeing. The bath was very small and my husband could n't even lie down in it but the room was kept very clean throughout our stay by the staff and generally the staff were more then happy to help us. We booked in bed and breakfast and the breakfast was lovely although I would suggest not eating the the hotel restaurant in the evening as it is mostly shellfish and not much variety and for what we got it was very expensive. You are better off finding somewhere in Hong Kong. We were well situated in Kowloon and very close to the train station and only a short hop on there would bring us to the harbor for less then 80p for 2 of us ! Overall I do n't think we 'd stay here aging but as I said it served a purpose .

we stayed at The Cityview for 2 nights at the start of our Chinese holiday and initially I was n't enthralled by it , but after staying in a tiny awful shoebox on Hong Kong Island at the end of our holiday , I realise I should have given this place a bit more cred .

the hotel was of a very high standard. The staff were very polite and helpful with nothing too much trouble. The location was a little out of the way but within walking distance to Kowloon Harbour. The breakfast was of a very high standard .

the Cityview hotel is close to everything , shops and even the Yau Ma Tei train station. Instead of spending money on expensive restaurants , we bought bread , noodles and bottled water from nearby convenience stores which saved us a lot of money. The hotel is also close to two money changing stations. We chose the one near HSBC bank coz they gave me more money for my dollar. Be sure though to bring newer dollar bills because they wo n't accept old , dirty dollar bills. It can become a problem if that 's all you have. The mattress was decent , firm and comfortable for my back. They have a hair dryer and a safety box. The fridge though was n't cold enough , probably my only complaint. Do n't forget to bring an adapter. Oh , another not-so-good thing , the walls are pretty thin , so we could hear people talking and laughing their brains out next door. That 's about it. Enjoy your stay !

i arrived at the CityView well after midnight and was quickly checked in by pleasant staff. When I found I was assigned to a smoking room , staff offered to switch my room the following day which they did , and meantime sent someone up to spray the room to freshen it up. The rooms are small , but not by Hong Kong standards. There was a safe and a flat screen TV in the room and a great shower .

we stayed here before the name change , so it was another recommended YMCA hotel in the Hong Kong area. We were a bit hesitant to stay at a hotel with a name we are used to associating with athletic clubs in the US , but the reviews and pictures assured us it would be fine. Sure enough , the lobby was nice , the bed comfortable , adequate bathroom with good water pressure and hot water. Truthfully , the location was ideal ! take a stroll through the neighborhoods or hop on a bus. So much right out the door. And the night markets a couple blocks away are ideal. What has changed with the new name ? I do n't know but if it 's anything like before , and you 're looking for a budget conscious option , this would be the place .

it 's my 1st stay in this hotel. Am impressed with the hotel staff 's service. The room is clean and spacious considered spacious for a Hong Kong hotel . The location of the hotel is also good , just 2 mins to the nearst MTR station Yau Ma Tei. And there are small eateries/convenience stores around it. Will stay in this hotel again !

this is not like a YMCA. It is a hotel. A nice one. You have access to the gym , which is great. The rooms are clean. Kinda small but you have everything you need : desk , chair , bed , tv , fridge , hot water kettle. The bathrooms are n't as modern as I would like , but they are fine. The service is very good. And the location is excellent. Very close to the subway stops. Lots of sights and markets withing walking distance. Great value. I highly recommend .

this is a great value place in Kowloon. Rooms are a good size and the cleaners pay attention to detail. Must admit I â € ™ m not used to the uberfirm mattresses but I did manage to get some decent sleep. Fridge in room is handy. Luggage was carried to/collected from room. Only niggle would be some problems with hot water in the shower. The location was excellent , close to corner shops and convenient for MTR. Excellent Hong Kong public transport means you can whizz all the way to Hong Kong Island with minimal fuss. If like us you are staying for a few days the Octopus travel card is a must as it allows you to travel around using all modes of public transport without having to worry about coins. I also paid for wireless internet access but the connection was extremely slow and not worth it. Nevertheless would recommend this hotel and would stay here when in HK again .

i returned for my 2nd stay at the Cityview formerly known as YMCA International House when I first stayed here in 2007 this April and was &quot ; upgraded&quot ; . The room was still in the older part of the building I think the newer side is the wing on the right facing the check-in counters. I should have asked what kind of room I was getting before I was getting upgraded ! Anyhow , our room was more modern than what we had in 2007 which included old but relatively clean looking green carpeting. This time around , the carpet seemed clean , the amenities updated. The room however , was smaller. We got the two twin beds like the first time around but there was A LOT less space over to pull our luggage. This compares to the room we stayed in at our 2007 stay where you probably could have fit another DOUBLE bed and all our suitcases. Granted the bathroom was smaller and only had a shower vs. a tub .

was at CityView from 14/8 for 4 nights. Have to agree that it was the more memorable stay since we started visiting HK yearly. We are regular visitors especially for the summer sales and find this hotel above its peers for value-stay. The lobby is large and the counter staff very friendly. Housekeping was excellent and they attended to us readily when we requested. They are also buses just outside the hotel that will bring you to Causeway Bay HK Island and even Shatin direct .

this hotel provided us with a good value for money base in an excellent location. There were a number of school/youth parties checking in at the same time as us but the hotel seemed to be locating them in the original block whilst putting families and individual guests in the newer block and higher floors. We had a slightly surreal experience of having a temperature gun aimed at us as we checked in - the receptionist asked my permission but my husband and daughter were not asked or told what was happening. Our room was spacious and more than large enough for the three of us. It had been newly decorated. There was plenty of storage space. We asked for additional coathangers and pillows which were brought very promptly. Our safe was not working but a workman arrived quickly and the fault was corrected within minutes. The room contained a large double and a single bed - the matresses were firm and the bed linen new. The room was well cleaned and maintained. We were given a voucher for one free breakfast , so went down and tried the meal on our first morning. The dining room was full of the aforementioned school parties , but the meal was quite adequate. We decided however , that it was n't worth the Â £ 12 per person that it would cost us to buy so we relied on the Best Baker by the station which filled us at a fraction of the hotel price ! We also tried the coffee in the coffee lounge but would not recommend it - it was overpriced and sloppy with coffee grounds throughout the cafetiere - disappointing. We were also disappointed to be told that the pool and gym had been closed. Our room key kept failing and having to be replaced. The hotel staff told us it was because we were placing it next to a mobile phone - as we did n't have one with us this seemed unlikely .

i asked the taxi driver to take me to the Cityview and I gave him the address. He was surprised as he dropped me off with the comment &quot ; Oh this was the YMCA. ' Believe me , if every YMCA was like this then there would be no need for any more outstanding hotels ! Someone has completely turned this former YMCA into a jewel in Hong Kong .

the only reason this hotel did NOT get 5 stars from me , were the paper thin walls that allowed the slightest noise to come into your room .

stay there for 2 nights during July 2009. The hotel is on a superb location , just a few minutes away from the Ya Ma Tei MTR station. Take exit D , then cross the road on your right hand side , then turn right again and walk straight for around 50 meter . Lots of great food and good shops in the area. Also easily walk to the lady market and temple street. 7-11 mini mart is next to the side entrance of the hotel. The girls at the reception were very friendly and helpful. The room was nicely clean. The shower pressure was so nice , I wish I could take shower the whole day. Perfect value ! ! !

i 've just returned having stayed at this hotel and would not hesitate in recommending it .

what a great three days stay in HongKong. Made all the better by the staff at the Hotel. Meals and service were great and we will be going back next year .

i was in the older tower. The room was small , and the bathroom was extremely filthy. The grout in the bathroom was not clean at all. The bathroom smell like someone has not flush the toilet after use for a long time. There were lot of tourist from other country. Well , the upside is - the location is great , and the front desk service was great .

we booked our hotel through booking.com and got an excellent rate. The hotel lobby is spacious and check-in was a breeze. We were upgraded to an executive room which is quite spacious and it has an in-room safe , slippers and bathroom amenities. The staff were fulent in English and helpful. Breakfast was outstanding and set us up for the day .

the first time I stayed at The Cityview was late last year and I made the mistake of not staying with them again on my recent trip to Hong Kong. I ended up booking a room at Mingle On The Place in Sheung Wan , which was a complete disaster. After just one night , I dropped by The Cityview and asked if they had a room available that very night. They did , and I checked in that evening , paying HK $ 550 per night - very good value for a four-star hotel in Hong Kong that was a two-minute walk away from a MTR station. The staff who attended to me was kind enough to upgrade me to an executive room , three scales above the superior room I had requested for .

nice hotel to stay in hongkong. Near MTR. very convenient. Walking distance to markets. Recommend to short stayers. Book online and in advance for good deals .

hong Kong is famous for small rooms , but the Cityview surprisingly bucks this trend. The rooms are a good size , smaller than elsewhere , but still comfortably sized .

cityview hotel has an excellent locations esp for those visiting hongkong for food and shopping , it is very near to yau ma tei mtr , short walking distances to temple street and ladies market. And it is kind of near to 2 of my favourite shopping malls , ctma centre less than 5 mins walk and argyle centre slightly more than 10 mins walk .

good Location , walking distance to Women Street , nanthan road , 3mins walk to the nearest Mrt Yaumatei Exit , room clean , comfortable.. .

i was extremely happy with my stay at the Cityview. I looked through so many reviews of all the hotels in the Hongkong area and finally , after over a month of trying to make my decision on where to stay , decided on the Cityview. My wife and I were not disappointed. We only had one night in the area , and wanted a centrally located hotel. I was very pleased with everything , including letting us check in at 10 : 00 am that morning , and upgrading us to a better room .

good size , clean rooms in a well run hotel. Good service on check in. Good location although more in the shopping district than the nightlife district - nightlife more towards the harbour. Chose not to have the breakfast in the hotel. No complaints overall throughout the stay .

* Clean , comfortable room

i stayed at the Cityview with my family near the end of April/beginning of May for 4 nights. Customer service was top-notch. Since we arrived before check-in and had to wait , the front desk upgraded our room to a 1 BR executive suite. The hotel rooms were a mix of newer and dated furnishings but were clean and well maintained. The beds were standard twin size and had ample room for an average sized person. I booked directly through the hotel and got the same rates with a standard cancellation policy as other travel websites. One of the biggest perks of the Cityview was the location. It is a 2 minute walk from the Yau Ma Tai MTR station and is within easy walking distance to the Ladies Market and Mongkok. Overall , the Cityview was good value for the price and I would stay there again .

i booked this hotel through hotels.com after booking it directly through the hotel website and canceling that reservation because hotels.com had a lower rate that The Cityview said they could not honor directly. I worried that our reservations would get confused , but check-in went smoothly. The location is very close to the subway - which gave easy access to the whole city , and was in a fun neighborhood to explore on foot - especially the Ladies Market. The pool is a part of the YMCA , and as such is used for swimming classes. On both Sunday afternoon and Wednesday morning , hotel guests were greeted kindly enough at the pool desk , but were relegated to share a couple of lanes of the with local senior citizens while the swimming classes took up the rest of the pool. There were probably over 100 flotation devices kick-boards , etc. , but when my 4 year old tried to use one , she was reprimanded by the life guard. The room was small - very small , and the bathroom was also tiny , but my biggest complaint is that the beds were sub-standard sized. I frequently share a twin-sized bed with my daughter , but these &quot ; twin&quot ; beds were tiny , which in my view makes the hotel not very family friendly. It really is n't possible for more than 2 people to share a room at this hotel without someone sleeping on the floor. I would only recommend this hotel to someone traveling without children or to a family that planned on booking more than one room. BTW - there is complimentary water , instant coffee , hair dryer , etc. all hiding in small drawers in the desk and tv stand .

i scoured the internet for deals on a hotel with location and price in mind. I chanced upon this hotel and booked it based on its price and the good reviews. I booked a non-smoking room with twin beds .

hk hotels are getting more expensive , and with 14 family members in tow this visit a cheap and good hotel was in order. our usual metropark mongkok was deemed too far from amenities once we discovered cityview. 1 min walk away from mongkok centre , around the corner from mtr exit A2 and nathan rd , and 10mins walk from knutsford terrace - ideal. 2x 7-11 , a circle-k , fresh bakery for breakfast , foodstall/cafe for fishballs on exit of mtr. kfc and burgerking over the road .

just returned from an April 2009 stay in Hong Kong. Hotels are expensive in Hong Kong. So if you would like to stay in a modern western style hotel room but not have it cost you a fortune then Cityview is a good choice. It 's very conveniently located next to the train/subway. Our room was big , comfortable with a plush king size bed and gorgeous modern bathroom. The hotel had two restaurants one of which served a great buffet breakfast. I would definitely stay there again if ever in Kowloon .

located conveniently , this is a great hotel with friendly staff and clean rooms. The hotel is a minutes walk from the Yau Ma Tei MTR station and provides easy access to all areas. I suggest that the travelers take an Airport express from the airport. the K5 shuttle service of the Airport express drops you at the hotel .

my Partner and I stayed at the CityView for 9 nights in March 2009. We were upgraded to a Premier room. Everything was fantastic. Room was lovely and of a normal western size. I have stayed on previous trips in two other hotels Stanford Hillview and Ramada both in TST and both these had extremely small rooms so it was a pleasant surprise to see the room size at the Cityview. The room was lovely and clean. But the best thing about this hotel is the location which is why we chose it. So close to the MTR but also we walked to the Jade market and both the Ladies and Temple markets without any problems. Staff at the hotel were great. We even got vouchers for free welcome drinks in the downstairs bar. The Airport shuttle pulls in to the hotel so really convenient. We checked out the swimming pool but decided not to use it as it was a public pool and full of kids , but we were so busy in HK that we really did n't have time for swimming anyway .

as a corporate traveler , I used to stay at 5-star hotels in Hong Kong. As a traveler spending my own money in Hong Kong , I look for value. I just returned from a one-week stay in Hong Kong , spending it all at the Cityview , which is a newly remodeled , former YMCA. Our room was smallish , undecorated , but very clean , with minimal furniture : a desk and chair , nightstand , bed , TV stand/refrigerator with TV BBC - not CNN . Everything looked new , except the carpeting , which had a spot. There is a closet to hang your clothes and store your luggage - no dresser. The bathroom and fixtures were all new , but smallish. Someone very tall or much over 150 pounds would find the bathroom uncomfortable. Our room overlooked Waterloo Road , but was quiet - indeed , we heard almost no noise from adjoining rooms , which is a big deal if you stay at most hotels in China. We tried both the dining room buffet and the continental breakfast in the lobby. Both had good coffee and good breakfasts. There is a 7-11 across the street , but no Western style coffee places nearby. The CityView has a very good location - near Yaumatei subway stop , and the # 7 bus to/from the Star Ferry is very convenient. You can easily walk to the Ladies ' , Temple Street , and Jade markets from there. They have a free airport shuttle. Look for special discounts on this hotel to make it even more affordable. There might be cheaper places to stay in Hong Kong , but probably none cleaner , safer or better located. And , even tho this is no longer a YMCA hotel , visitors still have access to the YMCA health club and pool which are co-located .

i was in HK from March 28-30 to visit family and friends and use the S.A.R. as my gateway before heading into China. I booked a special Executive Room Package for HK $ 980 which included a newly refurbished room on an Executive Floor , complimentary breakfast , access to Kowloon YMCA facilities , complimentary minibar items 2 cans of sprite , 2 cans of Pocari Sweat , free activities at the Y and complimentary City tour .

i stayed 3 nights at the Cityview when they 'd just rebranded from the YMCA and I booked my room directly through the hotel website for around 700HKD a night. The price was within my budget and the location is great- within walking distance to shops , eateries and the MTR .

check in on the 15th March for 5 nites with Wife and Kids. Was surprised that they upgrade my room to Premier from Deluxe for Free.. Was also given a 30 % discount voucher for the Buffet Dinner. Staff was helpful and was smiling always. Room was big enough for my family and was neat and clean. I love the location of this Hotel , so near to the MTR-Yau Ma Tei , if you exit via A2 , it will lead you straight to the Hotel entrance. Amenities around is good with 7-11 , Circle K near by , Temple Street and Ladies Street nite market is around the corner too. Highly recommended if you are visiting Hong Kong soon.... : -

visit HK with mom 12-15 Mar 09. Booked this hotel through 'Hotelclub.com'. We got free upgrade room. The room meet standard of other hotels in HK. Staff are very kind and willing to help. Most thing i like about this hotel is the location. Very close to MTR YAU MA TEI . Few blocks away from lady markets. 7-11 is opposite site of hotel. Do n't missed 'TAN TARD ' at the small bakery shop next to 7-11. Just only 3 HK $ very delicious !

in Hong Kong , you ca n't go wrong with a hotel that within a short walking distance from an MTR station , a 7-11 , and several foreign exchange outlets. This hotel 's location was the main reason I booked with this hotel .

chose Citiview Hotel through Booking.com which was so simple and straight forward as well ! We had a good , efficient check in and was delighted being upgraded to Premier room even we had a special discount. Our room was given to our request on a high level. It was spaciousand immaculately clean for such a good value price in Hongkong. So convenient to all shops , money-changers , food which are just right at your doorstep and even the MTR which was literally a few steps away. It was a good revisit holiday , exploring almost all vicinities from Kowloon on foot , which was so possible within minutes from the hotel which again is a real centrepoint. Staff are friendly , attentive and so courteous in this more than a 3star hotel .

the only problem we faced at this hotel was that a/c was too strong ! It was freezing everywhere in hotel. Especially in elevators the cold air was blowing out from everywhere. Everything else was quite good. Staff at front desk polite and willing to help. Breakfast rather rich for 4 * hotel. Executive room quite spacious for HK standarts ! Location perfect , 3 minutes walk to subway station. Also very good value for money !

had booked the hotel online with it 's reservation sometime last year. 2 weeks prior to my stay , had found out that they had a different promotion. Wrote back to the hotel and their reservation team was very kind change my old reservation to a new one .

we booked our hotel through hotelclub.com and got an excellent rate. The hotel lobby is spacious and check-in was a breeze. We were upgraded to an executive room which is quite spacious and it has an in-room safe , slippers and bathroom amenities .

check in was quick and staff friendly. Was given a room on the 22nd floor. Lots of tour groups , but hallways always seemed quiet. Good buffet breakfast included in rate. Lobby nice , all staff acknowledges the guests. No free wifi and it is not inexpensive. Wifi for one hour $ 30.00HKD or four hours $ 50.00 or 24 hours $ 100.00 and the time runs regardless of whether your computer is in use or not. Hotel is well located just off Nathan Road. A subway stop is just around the corner. Depending on the time of year , if it is not summer then bring some warm clothing as there is no heat in the hotel , just air conditioning and it is on all the time , whether it be hot or cold .

i booked this hotel through an online hotel booking site where i managed to get a really good price for 4 nights of stay in early Jan 09. My rooms got upgraded straight away to Executive and the staff were nice to give us a connecting room. Not really expecting much for the room , i was surprised at the amount of things prepared for us was n't expecting much for a 3-star hotel . Though the room is small as expected in HK hotels , it was just nice for everyone of us. Have n't have much contact with the staff but overall they are friendly. Overall , it was a good stay

booked through www.booking.com. Superb location , MTR station just round the corner so ideal for travelling , 7/11 and various shops , noodle bars just outside the hotel , 10 mins walk to the ladies market or if you 're lazy like me and ca n't wait to get there , get the MTR to Mong Kok which is one stop - a few minutes. Hotel is recently renovated so the rooms have been modernised , we were upgraded to superior so that was a bonus. There is a user friendly safe for your valuables , great power shower , very clean and housekeeping was very quick to respond to my request for an iron ! Could not fault the hotel at all , only minor thing was there was nowhere to put your suitcase .

we live in and travel all over Asia and have gotten used to 'surprises ' when booking hotels online so we checked out tripadvisor and Cityview had good reviews. It was what we needed location , room type , price , stars so we booked it and turns out the good reviews were spot on. Based on another 's review I asked for a free upgrade and sure enough they bumped us up to the next class. Staff were extremely helpful , courteous , etc. Rooms not extravagant but certainly decent , clean , tasteful , well-maintained. Ca n't beat location - literally a stone 's throw from subway station. No wireless in rooms but buy a local internet card and you can pick up the phone company 's signal in the lobby , or just about anywhere in town Starbucks is a walk around the corner . Cityview offers its own internet access wired in rooms , wireless in lobby or at desktops in Bus. Center but prices were ridiculously high. Hotel still has former YMCA logo outside so when coming from subway or airport shuttle stop they 're next to each other keep your eye out for it .

i stayed 3 nights in this hotel. It is renamed as The Cityview. If you are coming from the airport , buy an octopus card , take A21 and alight at Pitt Street. The bus stop is walking distance from the hotel. check in is fuss free and we were given complimentary drinks at the bar at ground level but we didnt get the chance to enjoy it .

we stayed in a Premier room and found our view of King 's Park relaxing and calming. The beds were hard , but comfortable. They were good-sized twins and were appointed with duvets instead of blankets. Our room had plenty of space and an easy-to-use safe. Housekeeping brought adaptors for all our N. American chargers for us very promptly. The showers were great ; good strength and plenty of hot water .

i stayed here for two nights in mid-Dec 2008 , this was my 3rd stay in 6 months I also stayed another 3 nights at Citygate Novotel , read my review if you are considering this hotel .

i have stayed at lots of other hotels on kowloon side and this hotel does not measure up compared to some other hotels in HK. Location is ideal if you are tourist but not so much if you are traveling for business. I booked and paid for upgrade but they did not upgrade. A couple in line in front of me got an upgrade without paying for it. Does not make any sense. I think I got a standard room which was not ready till the evening and no appology for the inconvinience. I booked for a smoking room and they said all smoking rooms are booked. Again no appology. I was too tired from the long flight in morning and long work day so did not bother putting a fight. But I would not recommend this hotel as there are lots of better hotels for few dollars more .

my friend and I traveled to HK in Dec 2008. We actually expected our room to be small because of what we heard of hotels in HK. Pleasantly surprised to find that we were upgraded for free and that the room was quite spacious !

clean hotel , walking distance to the mtr exit,to bus station,to fa yuen st or the so called &quot ; sneakers street&quot ; , to the ladies market and to the temple street. from the airport you can take Bus A21 for only 33hkd , you can reach the hotel in 45 minutes .

stayed at the Cityview on 13th November on the way back from the UK to Oz. Chose as a result of reviews on this website and I am glad to say that we were not disappointed .

this hotel is not like any YMCA and has recently been renamed to CITY VIEW .

it was our first time in Hong Kong. I was shocked with the hotel prices , and then we found The Citiview , a combination of a great location , comfortable rooms at a great price. The rooms are OK , nothing great about them. I would say very basic , but indeed a great value. We stayed 3 people in a little suite ; 2 single beds in a room , and a couch in an additional room for less than US $ 200/night .

really good hotel. Clean and nice staff .

we stayed at the Cityview on our way home to NZ from the UK for one night. It is definately really easy to get to the hotel from the airport , thanks to the MTR system Airport Express train and the free shuttle bus system which drops you off outside the front door of the hotel. Everything is really well signposted and even the 'greenest ' of travellers wo n't have any problems .

we were three friends and we had a wonderful stay at the city view. i had book the rooms on the net and got a good deal for HK $ 3300 all inclusive for three nights 15to18 October

we 've never stayed in Hong Kong before , so used a combination of price hunting using wotif.com + reviews from tripadvisor to help us find a place to stay. We switched to the Cityview from another similar hotel as this hotel was just around the corner from the MTR + convenient for walking to the Kowloon shops. Although not in Hong Kong proper , the location was close enough to the markets and shops we enjoyed visiting .

this was my third visit to Hong Kong and each time i have stayed at different hotels. The City View used to be the YMCA International but has recently changed names and upgraded. The rooms at the City View are larger than other hotels i have paid more for in Hong Kong and much more modern and tidy. Upon arrival we were immediately upgraded to a premier suite with no extra costs , this lasted for our entire 5 night stay. As soon as we arrived the conicerge took our luggage and put it in our room on the 18th floor. The reception staff were very welcoming and helpful and assisted to our every need. Room service is not expensive at this hotel , we paid around $ 15 AUS for a main course. The location is superb , located in Tsim She Tsui it is a 5 minute walk to the ladies market popular mostly at night and a MTR stop is less than 100m walk away. there is a 7/11 store across the road and a Wellcome supermarket a couple hundred metres away. For a low cost hotel , this is your best bet in Hong Kong , especially for shoppers ! !

located near the prime area with Ya Ma Tei train station within 5 mins walking distance. Mongkok is about two streets away. Hotel price is reasonably cheap. Room is slightly small. Took an express bus from the airport and stops at a bus stop which is a walking distance to the hotel. If you are taking the express bus , remember to buy the HK Octopus card first at the express bus station area which can be used on buses and MTR .

all in all , it was an okay experience. My friend and I are low-maintenance guests and had minimal contact with the staff , but the people at the front desk were very approachable and welcoming. We requested for an early check-in which they allowed .

stayed at the hotel for 3 nights. The hotel 's location is superb. The Yau Ma Tei MTR is only about 2-3 mins walk away. Tsimshatsui station is only 2 stops away. There were 3 of us sharing a room and we were automatically upgraded to the suite. The superior suite has no view but it was clean and tidy and there was a bathtub. The bell boy and concierge gave good advice when asked about the places of interest. The Front Manager could be more helpful but she directed us immediately to the concierge before we could even finish asking the question. The Ladies Street market , sports street , electronic and IT street , etc is just a 5 mins walk. There are many restaurant outlets nearby that one can eat steamboat , dim sum , goose rice , desserts , curry fish balls , etc easily even late at night. The shops open till about 11 pm at night so you can really shop to your heart 's content. I would strongly recommend this hotel for family going on holiday or for those who want to enjoy the convenience .

my wife and I and some of her colleagues visited HK and booked three rooms at the YMCA international house in HK. I was pleasantly surprised at how clean and comfortable the rooms were. The hotel was very nice and I would stay there again. However , they have just changed their name to Citilink hotel and may change their rates and such soon. I do recemmend this place to budget travelers because it is much better in qualtiy than the name would suggest it to be !

my wife and I stayed here , July 20th to July 23rd. We were in room 1318.. .

location

stayed for 2 nights. Was pleasantly surprised at ease of getting there by Airport Express. Location was wonderful , without the traffic noise. Staff was just superb and rooms well-cleaned. Comfortable bed and no problems like noisy airconditioning or erratic hot showers , these were most important for me coz was travelling with a 4 year old .

i lived in HK for many years and still visit HK 3-6 times a year for business. The YMCA choice was for a vacation. We stayed at the YMCA Int'l House for 8 nights and came back to Singapore just yesterday .

i actually planed to stay just for 2 nights , but had to extend for 3 additional , and was not sad about it. Everything went smoothly , check in with no problem and even if I had to ask about some particular places in the city , the concierge always was realy helpfull .

the price is great , we were unsure what to expect but 11 nights there and all I can say is THANK YOU TO ALL THE WONDERFUL STAFF. It was my best stay overseas yet. I loved every minute of it. Take your family , kids its a great place .

have just returned from staying 3 nights. I was at first sceptical about staying at the hotel but I was impressed with the overall service and consider it was good value for money. The room was small , but as I only used it for sleeping in it was fine. Just a few points to make : -

mixed feelings about the YMCA International House .

i was really nicely surprised by this property , beening the YMCA i thought it was going to be budget accommodation however this was not the case at all , it was the same standard as any other Hong Kong Hotel .

i recently spent 10 days at this hotel and i would highly recommend it as a budget hotel. I had a flat screen TV , the room was very clean , anything I needed was brought to me promptly. I stayed in the tower on the 21st floor as the local fire department and ambulance service is across the street , I avoided some of the noise. There is a great supermarket across the street ; Wellcome. I bought breakfast items to keep in the refrigerator that was in my room. From the higher floors , it is possible to get a partial view of the nightly symphony of lights , I do not recommend the pool , it feels more like the local Y than a hotel pool. There are always millions of kids in the pool from nearby apartments .

i stayed at YMCA Intl House in early Jan 2008 for 4 nights. This being my first trip to Hong Kong , I did n't have an inkling what exactly to look out for in arranging for my accomodation there. So I decided on YMCA Intl House since it was one of my travel agent 's strong recommendation and most importantly , was within my budget. I did not make any request for better room since I had assumed the standard rooms are the same .

ugh - we stayed here for 2 days booked through a travel agency on a tour. We had stayed at Gold Coast for one night , but they were booked up and had to move to the YMCA. Which was one step above a hostel , in my opinion. I saw the pictures on Expedia and our room did NOT look like that. It was more like a dorm room. It was a tight fit in the room with two single beds. We had to stack our luggage in order to fit. The bathroom was tiny , the shower door seal was broken on the bottom , so the water flowed out into the metal drain outside of the shower. Sometimes the toilet did n't flush - had to pump it a few times to get it to work. The grout in some parts had not been cleaned regularly either and the amenities in the bathroom were sparse. the best thing about the room was the proximity to the MTR and the night markets. The bakeries and congii place nearby were very good .

i am very impress for this hotel. Compare to other website posted the hotel picture , i would prefer to check on my own. The hotel overall is very clean .

we stayed at the YMCA International , as we were n't looking to spend too much on accomodation , therefore the reasonable prices suited us .

the location is good and the staff are very friendly. the room is comfortable and clean. the airport express shuttle drops there K6 shuttle bus . the tv should have offered more cable tv channels though. will definitely consider staying there again .

we stayed in the Tower Wing for 5 nights in November 2007 .

location is wonderful

great location : MTR around the corner ; laundromat and Kodak shop across the road ; mini-marts all around us ; Nathan Rd one street over ; the markets to the north and south of us ; great buffet breakfasts and very reasonable .

comfortable , clean and good sized rooms with all the conveniences you expect in an International hotel. Take your own teabags and coffee if you want to have hot drinks in your room , the hotel supplies a jug for hot water only. The reception was unable to understand the concept of making tea and coffee in your room. Apart from that we were really happy with the facilities and grateful for the efficient air conditioning in the room - we stayed in August. We would definitely stay here again. The buffet breakfast was value for money .

stayed in this hotel from 11-16 Aug 2007. We booked the tower rooms .

my family of 4pax 1 toddler stayed here for 4 nights. We specificly request for the tower room. The rooms and is clean and spacious. Spacious enough to put the extra bed we requested at an extra cost and not feeling cramp .

this is a nice budget hotel which is conveniently located - close to the Yau Ma Tei MTR , Ladies Market and Night Market .

stayed at the YMCA Yau Ma Tei for 4 nights. Booked on Zuji Singapore and got a tower block room for S $ 525 including buffet breakfast which I thought was good value. The hotel is conveniently located with the Yau Ma Tei MTR station entrance literally a minute 's walk away. To get into Central therefore takes about 10 to 15 minutes , and to Tsim Sha Tsui about 5. From the Airport Express Kowloon station was about a 5 minute cab ride , costing about HK $ 30- $ 35 .

ymca International House Hotel in Kowloon

i would love stay in this hotel the next time I visit HK again. The hotel is a walking distance to the Ladies Market , MTR , cheap electronic shops , shoe shops. As a tourist I want to stay somewhere quiet but still accessible to the HK central .

i have mixed experience abt YMCA Intl House..the hhotel was strongly recommended by my parents becus of their excellent location. They were also lucky to be given a complimentary upgrade to a Tower room newer and cleaner for their 4 nights stay. However , I was not so lucky. They old rooms were old and dirty and I had to part with HK $ 660 to be upgraded to a Tower room for 3 nights .

its a nice stay over at the hotel. it was very near to the mtr , within 5 mins of walking. walking distance to ladies market and fa yuen market. saw some of the photos and realised our room and toilet was sort of bigger as there 's an extra angle. you pay for what you get. realise some said that the bed has a crack or is hard , i 'm perfectly fine with both , as long you do n't really check all areas. would choose this hotel again .

we found the YMCA to be overpriced compared to similar accomodation in Hong Kong 80us $ a room . The room was dated and tired - the brochure and web site show the new tower rooms , which at over 160us $ a night seem a little steep .

my partner and I stayed here for the 2007 Chinese New Year and it was much better than we had expected. The hotel staff is friendly and we got upgraded to a tower room when we checked-in. The hotel itself is very nice and our room was also bigger than we expected. The location is the best thing about this place ! It 's minutes away from Ladies Market and Temple Street and the MTR of course ! We have stayed in many hotels before and this was definitely a good stay. The bed was decent as well. We 're used to hard beds in China , so this was a treat ; We also got one free breakfast for each night we stayed. I would definitely recommend this hotel , especially for it 's location !

a friend and I stayed at the YMCA International House in Waterloo Street last 1st - 4th February 2007. I checked out the reviews in Trip Advisor , and from the reviews I got were all favorable. So my friend and I opted for this hotel and contacted our company 's travel agent to book us in this hotel. From the airport we took the Vigor Airport Express for HK $ 110 per passenger. Upon arrival the front desk staff was very polite in giving us our room. We reserved for a Single Twin Sharing , and we were upgraded and was supposed to be given a room at the new wing. But I requested for a smoking room and instead was given the same room upgrade in the other wing. The room was great , clean and big for HK standards. it has twin beds , 2 toilets , which was very convenient since my friend can use the toilet in the room , while I can use the other toilet near the entrance. it has a receiving area too. We were on the 10th floor , and windows facing the east sunrise . It was okay since we wake up when the room gets bright and sunny. The location is great , a lot of restaurants around the hotel , not to forget California Restaurant where we had our first taste of pork topping , the 2 money exchange counters beside the restaurant , the laundry shop and the MTR Yau Ma Tei exits are accessible. One of the staff , the gentleman in the back door of the hotel was really helpful. He pulls out maps from his drawer and very diligently in broken english informs us the directions to our destinations. And when we come back at the end of the day, , he would be very happy for us to find our way to Temple street night market , HK Disneyland and Ocean park because of the paper bags we are carrying. I will definitely come back to this hotel , next year while me and my friend will explore more outlying islands of Hong Kong .

my husband and I did n't expect that the room in YMCA Int'l House in HK particularly in Waterloo Road would be great ! We love the room and the accomodation. The bedroom and bathroom are so clean. The bed is good and comfortable. It 's almost new. We had a nice view of the mountain. The hotel is located near the shopping district of Mongkok , just a few blocks away. We just made a brisk walk along Nathan Rd. and presto ! we 're in the middle of the shopping place ! The price that we paid for this hotel was very much worth it ! For tourist who 's looking for a budget hotel , I highly recommend this place ! We 'll definitely stay here again when we go back to Hongkong .

we have just returned from Hong Kong where we had a 2 day stopover. The service was amazing- when we arrived bedraggled after a n overnight flight at 8am we were offered a room immediately much to our surprise. The location is excellent - only 2 mins walk from the Star ferry in Kowloon , opposite the HK cultural centre. Ask for a waterfront room and you will be treated to a free light show at dusk over the water .

i stayed at the YMCA International Waterloo from 23-27 Dec 06 .

