pros - Value for money considering we booked last minute. Great location. Near Wan Chai MTR and Admiralty MTR. Near Wan Chai night spots. Clean room. Helpful front desk staff .

this is the second time I have stayed at the Wesley. The first being before the Hand Over in 1997 .

i stayed at the Wesley during this year 's Hong Kong 7 's. It is very well located. The staff a reception were helpful and the rooms sizewise were ok , though the bathroom was a bit small. The downside was the bed -WOW - how hard are they. I think it 's a hong kong thing as i have experienced hard beds in other hotels in hong kong , but nevertheless it was really hard. My other gripe was the noise seemed the resonate up and down the corridor because the doors seemed to allow that. Overall though , i would stay there again due to its value and location .

my husband and I stayed at the Wesley for 4 nights and we truly enjoyed our stay. The room was nice clean and small well its HK ! The location was excellent close to Pacific Place 3 with access to Admiralty MTR Station exit F which links to Pacific Place Mall shopping , cinema , eating , Admiralty Centre , very very convenient , the Hopewell Centre is 10 minutes away which house the R66 restaurant on 66/F they do dinner and lunch buffet with fantastic view of Hong Kong , buffet is ok but the view is the best !

i had recently stayed at the Wesley Hotel for 9 weeks while working in Hong Kong. The hotel lobby has been refurbished and is very lovely with contemporary and simple design .

having read an unsympathetic review we were pleasantly surprised. The room was twin bedded and the bathroom well equipped. The air conditioning was efficient and not too fierce or noisy. The room service was excellent. The restaurant facilities were not well signposted and we prepared our own breakfast in the room to our own satisfaction having bought fruit etc at a supermarket nearby. The one evening meal we had in the hotel restaurant was excellent though the communication in English was not easy. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The situation is central and convenient but the room was nevertheless quiet. The decor is good and the reception area decor interesting .

my son and I stayed at The Wesley for 11 nights. We stayed in a &quot ; Run of the House&quot ; Room which was very tiny , however , comfortable for the two of us , we had a double bed , tv , airconditioning , it was quiet and the water flow from the shower was strong .

conferences happen quite frequently in Hong Kong , and the hotel price fluctuates greatly based on those. Comparatively , Wesley is reasonably priced for its location and you get a clean and decent room. Surely , the room is a bit small , and there are no amenities to speak off. Think about this way - when you are in Hong Kong , it 's more likely you are going to be having fun outside and sitting in your room. Wesley provides you a clean and safe place to sleep .

the hotel is basic , i stayed here on 2 different trips , the last time was for 5 weeks , the room was cleaned twice a week , the staff was helpful , the location is EXELLENT.. hennessy road is one of the main roads and all buses and trams stop outside the hotel,plus you are in the middle of central and admiralty metro lines.walking distance to lang wai fong , to the convention centre , pacific place is accross the road almost... restaurant is pure chinese food , but do n't use the laundry service.......it is very expensive.. use the little laundrette on anton street outisde the big door it 's quick , cheap and the lady is really friendly ! !

having stayed here three years ago and been mildly impressed , it was good to see that standards were still high. Centred in the Wan Chai district the hotel is excellent value for HK Island. The tram stops just outside the door and the MTR station is a 2-minute walk away .

i stayed here 4 nights on my own and was in 3 different rooms. I paid about US120.00 for the entire stay , which is a phenomenal price for the location. The Wesley is 5 minutes walk to Pacific Place. It is on the border of Wanchai with a McDonalds across the street. The tram stops right out in front which will get you to Central in just a couple of minutes .

