just got back this morning from a long weekend in Hong Kong. This hotel is really good value for money , so I really ca n't see why people are whingeing about this hotel .

i should have read these reviews before booking this hotel. The rooms are small and the matresses are comparable to a park bench with no give in them what so ever. the bathrooms look to be an add on which has made the rooms smaller and the deccor is looking qute tired The location is far to close to the red light area which is not nice to walk through. We stopped for 2 nights bed &amp ; breakfast. The breakfast was fine with all the usual international options no complaint there. The staff were freindly and helpful and as our flight wasnt until midnight they gave us a late checkout 4pm instead of mid-day for no charge. The really annoying thing about this Hotel is an instrumental version of &quot ; unchained Melody&quot ; which runs on a continuous loop 24 hrs a day in all cooridors restaurants and public areas you can even here it from your bed if your struggling to sleep and to think I used to like that tune. My advice to anyone planning a liesure stop in Hong Kong to stop in &quot ; The Exselsior&quot ; it looks a lot better and any trips that you want to go on the pick up and drop offs are done from there. the traffic is so bad in Hong Kong they wo n't go to all the hotels .

i booked through internet which was great and the rates were not that expensive but after checking in we discovered the worst toilets and showers ever and even started looking for another hotel and when we came back we complained and they gave us another room with much better bathroom

we stayed here for a week , hotel is nice had a bit of hassle checking in as we had a late check in 5 pm so we ended up on smoking floors 5 and 17th they changed us the next day. bar downstair is nice friendly , do not eat in the japanese restraunt in the hotel if you are not local as you are treated badly , they totally ignored us and put is in a very dark corner no other europeans in there and i woul dsay it is due to the hospitality hotel in a great place for gettin around to all the various areas , the girls outside are a pest after a few days when you have men with you as they want work ! ! ! english bar across the road up a lift the trafalgur pub very very good went there 3 times as the service was so good , went to the buddah def worth seeing , also went to lamma island but was a bit disappointed as not kept very well alot of ex pats live there although very nice small fishing town , ocean village def worth seeing and discovery bay is the best place for peace and quite nice beach and very very good food , hong kong is a very very clean place and we never had any problems whatsover out there mtr easiest way to get around , temple street worth going ot see. rooms are not updated , but i do have to say the concierge that was on night shift is a very nice guy and helped us the whole week

this was the fourth time I have been to Hong Kong over the last ten years and on each occasion I have stayed in Wanchai hotels. Wanchai is really convenient for accessing Central , Causeway Bay and Kowloon. A year back , I stayed at Wharney on Lockhart Road. The hotel offers really good value for money spent right in the center of business and pleasure activity in Hong Kong. The hotel is just around the corner from the Convention Center and post meetings there is a range of good places to relax. You may need to side step some of the neighborhood 's night-time activities on the way to the hotel , but that 's really a part of the overall ambience of Wanchai. Good fun ! The rooms are pretty good and comfortable and the USP is their size , the largest of any hotel I have used in HK. The hotel was recently renovated last year , all staff was courteous and really you could n't pinpoint any issues even if you went looking for them. All in all , the best your money can buy in HK .

great hotel in a great location. Many restaurants and bars close by. Close access to the rail line and shops .

hotel is located on Lockhart Road in the centre of Wanchai nightlife , and also within walking distance of star ferry and MTR station .

trategic location , near to many restaurants and shops .

i recently had a brief stay of one night , on my way home from Macau. I got an unbelieveably great rate through Agoda .

i was attending a conference in Hong Kong and found this gem of a hotel downtown. Location is very convenient to the convention center and many choices for meals afterwards .

central location but in a street in night clubs and prostitution .

well located , good price , friendly enough staff BUT they need to get the wireless internet sorted. I stayed six days ; it took 4 days for a technician to reset the wireless unit on my floor so the signal would hold stability. Business travelers rely on internet and do n't mind paying HK $ 20 per hour for good stable wireless access .

have just had a brilliant week at this hotel. Was in Hong Kong on a shopping and sightseeing trip and had a great time. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful , the hotel is in a great location for sightseeing - yes , it 's in the red light district but it 's very safe and there are lots of nice bars close by to 'people watch ' from in the evenings. The room was fairly spacious and exceptionally clean - crisp cotton bed linen and fluffy white towels changed every day ! Would definitely stay there again !

i stayed at Wharney Guangdong for 2 days while attending a conference in Hong Kong .

stayed here from the 9-14th April .

ticked all the boxes , showing its age , carpet very stained but over all clean and tidy. FAntastic location near MRT .

period of stay : 21-26 Feb 2009

we stayed here for 2 nights in May on a stopover to New Zealand. This hotel is centrally located in Wan Chai within walking distance of everything ferries , Victoria Peak , HK Park , etc . It 's on a road with lots of girly bars , but I would n't say it 's a 'red light ' district really .

i stayed at the Wharney between Feb 14-19 2008. At first i was a little unsure , because of some of the negative reviews i 'd read on this site. When i got there i was greeted by very friendly staff , and the check-in process was quick and simple .

my partner and I have stayed in this hotel three or four times usually for about a week. We most recently stayed in December/January with my partner 's parents and grandchild. I was really dissapointed at the room they gave my partner 's parents and grandchild. Three single beds shoved into a tiny room , not room to walk around any of them and no room to sit down , other than on the bed. Their luggage was stacked up against the wall and it was just terrible .

i would class this hotel as 3.5 * .

the staff are very unfriendly and rude. This is definitely not a four star hotel as rooms are too small and hallway looks dirty and worn out. I booked this hot via online and paid a total of CANADIAN $ 264 for three nights , which averaged out to CAN $ 88 per night. However , i made a mistake a counted one day less without realizing. On the day that i was suppose to check out , i returned to the hotel in the evening to find the room was locked. After speaking with the receptionist who was very rude , i realized that i had miscounted the days and missed one. I then asked her to extend the stay for an extra night...for that i was charged CANADIAN $ 260 for the room for a night. I stayed in a superior room and they have charged me the posted rate for the deluxe room even though i never upgraded. On questioning them , they claimed that at different senario , they can charge a different price. I have never felt so rip-off before. The location itself is n't the best as there 're many prostitutes and rowdy drunk bars hoppers hanging around every corner. I did n't feel save even to walk down the street at night. I do not recommend this place to anyone .

i stay there on the last day of 2007. It 's an ok hotel for me if compare to other hotel i had stayed in Hong Kong. It 's value for money and it 's sure you 'll get what you pay. It 's not my first choice as i thought Kowloon area is more crowded. But since i travelled on 31st Dec , not much choice for me .

i stayed in this hotel for just one night for 110 $ USD. the price was great , the location is good , but the rooms are really small. Definitely not a place to stretch out in. Please notice in the pictures of the hotel that everything is shot with a long lens to make it all seem bigger. The Lobby is nice and the staff is quite attentive , but be prepared for a cell sized room and very very hard beds ! Its serviceable for a short trip if you are on a budget. Only a 3-5 minute walk to the wan chai train station and the neighborhood though near a 'red light&quot ; district feels quite safe and well lit .

the Wharney is listed in some guides as a 4 * hotel. It is certainly not so .

we booked this hotel through BA holidays primarily for its good price and location. It is situated in Wanchai close to the MTR only two stops to Central , buses and trams. The area is very buzzy and there are some good bars and coffee shops nearby as well as more of what Wanchai used to be famous for - its a pale shadow now ! We stayed 11 nights in a standard room on the 11th floor overlooking Lockhart Road do n't stay here if you want a decent view where there is always something going on. The room was of a reasonable size - two twin beds - and a decent bathroom. The beds are very firm which we liked. The standard of cleanliness was excellent. The staff throughout the hotel - reception , concierge , maids , bar - were , without exception friendly , helpful and all with a ready smile. We left our camera in the bar The Canny Man one evening - and did n't realise that we had lost it until the next morning. The staff were helpful and concerned and it was eventually discovered behind the bar where one of the bar staff had deposited it for safe keeping. This bar was generally very good - excellent staff and good food. The downside was that it could get very noisy especially on Friday nights with the biggest culprits being British expats trying to prove how brilliant they are - but , apart from that it was a good place to unwind. In summary - the Wharney is an excellent place to stay in HK - great location , good price , friendly and attentive staff - what more do you want !

stay - 2 nights / 3 days .

the rooms were pretty big , the service was amazing. smooth check in and chechk out. The hotel is really close to MTR wanchai station. There 's plenty of food choices just around the corner and there 's a 7eleven on the corner. The breakfast was really good , with some local food , but a little bit expensive for us USD 10 per person . The staff was great .

good service , porter ran to take our bags when we arrived at the lobby. Always asked after us everyday we saw him. Some guests complained that staff was unfriendly , but we never found that , but its a 2-way thing - if your friendly they 're friendly. One girl didnt understand English but she promptly asked her colleague to serve us who did .

the whole aura of the hotel was classy , the rooms were comfortable and of average size. the staff members were very friendly and helpful. the location of the hotel is about two blocks away from the wanchai mtr. my biggest problem were the clubs and pubs that were immediately adjacent and across from the hotel. it seemed a bit odd to be walking by sleazy women who worked hard to lure men into curtain covered doorways. and right next to a street full of what seemed like brothels is this beautiful hotel. so i guess if you do n't mind that which men seem to enjoy greatly...the WGD is an absolutely great hotel i think for one or two travellers .

stayed here with a group during the 2007 Hong Kong 7s. Great position - in the heart of ALL the action. You would not want to be anywhere else. Lifts were slow , as was the toaster at breakfast. Rooms were quite comfortable and larger than I have stayed in elsewhere in Hong Kong - albeit mine smelt a big of fish .

i spent three nights here during a business trip in early June. Not a very positive experience. The location may be centrally located for business but the hotel is located in a bit of a red light district and for a woman travelling alone as I was , it was kindof creepy being out after dark. The first room I was given was one of the most depressing hotel rooms I have ever seen - it looked as though it had not been touched since the late 1960s. All but three floors permit smoking so the smell of tobacco permeated everything , and finally make me a bit ill. I requested and got a new room on a non-smoking floor which was much cleaner and seemed to have been recently renovated. The outdoor pool is in an adjacent building and the pool deck had about 3 chairs , meaning everyone else sat on hard , hot concrete. The staff did their best with English but most had limited English skill and so nteractions were quite challenging. You can find a much better value and location in Hong Kong than this hotel

the Wharney is a very good choice for a hotel below $ 100 .

  of us stayed in HK 22 - 28 July 07. We were there for the Asia Trophy. The staff were very efficient , enthusiastic , helpful and all spoke good English. It 's true the rooms were n't huge by Florida standards but I 've had smaller rooms in NY at more cost .

excellent location : 7-11 shops , Maccas , Coffee shops with free Internet and Starbucks , tramline , terrific bars , cheap and expensive places to eat and underground train station all within a 2 minute walk. A 5 to 10 minute walk will get you to some great markets lots of street stalls or to the harbour where you can catch the Star Ferry to Kolwoon. Our buffet breakfast was included in our price , was a good feed to get us going in the morning. The room was average , but this was expected for what we were paying , but it had all we needed and had nothing wrong with it. Checked in and out quickly. Have to wait a couple minutes usually for the lift , but that certainly did n't bother us. Overall , good value .

we stayed at the Wharney Guangdong last June 18-20,2007. Our room. was moderate in size , very clean and orderly. The bathroom was also clean. The hotel is accessible to public transport ---MTR , buses , ferry , tram. There were also many restaurants around the area. It is true that it is located in a &quot ; red light district&quot ; but you wont feel harassed in the area and it is actually quite safe to walk to the hotel even at night. I booked this hotel through a website and found it to be good value for money. If you are travelling to Hong Kong for vacation , this hotel is walking distance to the bus stop to Ocean Park , to the Peak Tram terminus , to Pacific Place etc .

i was born and bred in HK &amp ; this was my first time back there staying in a hotel. I expected a rather cheap but pleasant and clean hotel &amp ; the Wharney totally exceeded my expectations .

my partner and I went to Hong Kong in September 2006 and really enjoyed our stay at the Wharney. It was excellent value for money and was situated in a great location. Yes it 's near the strip clubs , etc but there is nothing dangerous or disturbing about this. The girls will sit outside the clubs and try to persuade every single man in for a drink and dance but it only takes a polite &quot ; no thanks&quot ; and they leave you alone .

this a good 3 star hotel , lots of guests are attending the exhibitions nearby and probably a lot of package tours also. Located in busy Wanchai , in the street of nightclubs , filopina girls and a tatoo parlour .

stayed 3 nights in march hotel was great very clean reception area and the staff at check in were very nice and helpful.Location is great you are only 2 minutes from trams and underground system .we were given a upgraded room and room very clean and looked very fresh room also larger than i expected i was worried before i arrived at this hotel as some reviews were not to encouraging but for anyone going to this hotel i would say you do not have any problems here and i am very fussy where cleanliness is concerned . Thank you to all staff at wharney hotel for a pleasant stay

this hotel was easy to get to - thanks to the courtesy bus from the airport. Room was very clean with Sky TV , Mini bar. Location was great for us as it was close to lots of bars and clubs to enjoy in the evening. Near tram / subway routes .

arrived with my wife and daughter after a long 15 hours flight from Gatwick. Had booked a non smoking room and was shown to a room that was on a smoking floor. It really smelled badly of smoke. No problem they moved us to a non smoking floor .

this hotel was no really described how it turned out to be , although the location to the mtr was good , the area was right in the middle of the red light district , with many women on the streets and outside the strip clubs tounting for men. it felt like forever to walk to the mtr since the streets were crowded with them left right and centre.. As for the staff , they were very rude and not helpful at all , the sevice was terrible , they just watched as we struggled with baggage , no smiles , no hellos ! i was really shocked at how they were beahving , considering they were supposed to be providing a service we payed for. When we were chekcing out the staff were even worse , they just looked really meserable , It felt that unless you are dripping with designer wear then they would be friendly ,the only good thing i can say about the hotel is that the room was quite good. but location and staff were dreadful ! ! ! never again ! ! ! ! was really dissapointed , being british chinese , i expected more........ .

i stayed at the Wharney Hotel in Wanchai area of HK last week for 3 nights. Having read a couple of the reviews here before making my journey to HK , I did n't want to expect big things from this hotel for starters , the name of the hotel does n't make it sound like its a great hotel . We were initially planning to stay at the Novotel nearby , but it was fully booked so this was a cheaper option we took up , and on the map it 's got really good location so we decided to make a reservation at the Wharney .

we stayed at Wharney GuangDong Hotel from Aug 17-22 .

this was a very disappointing hotel... When you first walk in you are dazzled by the stunning lobby and entrance hall... do not let the massive glass chandelier fool you .

we stayed at Wharney GuangDong Hotel from 28-31 Dec. We were given a free upgrade from Deluxe to Executive Rooms due to the hotel being full .

i stayed at the Wharney in May 2 years in a row. I chose it because the room rate was one of the cheapest I could find on HK island &amp ; the location located centrally at Wanchai was an ideal base for shopping &amp ; sightseeing. Despite the seedy elements of Wanchai expat bars &amp ; girly shows , the area is safe to walk around even at night &amp ; nobody hassles you except to politely invite you in to their club/bar however , the much classier bars of Lan Kwai Fong , near Central &quot ; escalators&quot ; are way nicer venues . The hotel was well placed for restaurants &amp ; numerous cuisines are available within a few minutes walk of the hotel. The subway MTR , tram line &amp ; bus are only 1 block away , the free airport bus goes straight by the hotel door from Hong Kong station , a range of bank/ATM services &amp ; convenience stores are nearby. The hotel has a range of rooms in 2 categories , standard &amp ; superior- I 've stayed in the superior room on both stays &amp ; found it quiet , clean &amp ; comfortable , with good amenities &amp ; ambience i looked at a standard room on my first visit &amp ; asked to change as it was old &amp ; unpleasant in 2004 . I always ask for a high floor to avoid possible road noise , and both rooms achieved that although the rooms are soundproofed , it is hard to screen out some noise , so lower floors may be susceptible to road noise &amp ; music from nearby clubs . The hotel has a pool &amp ; gym , which doubles as a freshening up area for early arrivals/late departures to avoid an additional nights room charge. The breakfast was fairly simple , but pleasant enough. The public spaces are fairly old &amp ; plain compared to the newer hotels in Kowloon &amp ; Central , but it 's the room that counts and at the price &amp ; location I could n't fault it. Staff all very friendly &amp ; knowledgeable , and nothing was a problem .

i booked this hotel from the Cathay Pacific Holidays brochure. I chose this hotel because it seemed to meet all my needs , it is on the island , it is close to an MTR subway station and is centrally placed for access to all the attractions of Hong Kong .

i recently had two short five day stays at the Wharney. I was somewhat concerned travelling with two teenage children having read some of the previous reviews regarding the â € ˜ girlie bars â € ™ , but these were not an issue. If you are not a punter , they are not interested , although they would always give a polite â € ˜ hello â € ™ .

our family stayed here for one night on a stop over to Australia , having got really good deal Â £ 36 per room over the web .

well , I booked this hotel because it was the cheapest with a swimming pool , and I cant complain too much because I got what I expected .

i had a couple of hotels to choose from , but then stayed at the Wharney for a couple of nights due to a very reasonable price and excellent transport links. I got pleasantly surprised : What an excellent price for value , clean , and safe place !

i 've stayed at a lot of hotels in HK and on Kowloon but now I go back to the Wharney which is much cheaper than most HK hotels of comparable standard and probably better than most. Some clarification needed though because I would n't recommend it for a family stay but for singles , younger couples and especially guys , its pretty hard to beat for value and location. Yes , some of the rooms need a refurb but they 're getting round to doing them and if your not happy with what they give you they 'll normally change without much fuss. Breakfast is good , but now there 's a breakfast club next door 3rd floor serving 24hr breakfasts so no need to rush down to the hotel restaurant ! I 've not patronised the Canny Man , but with so many good bars in and around the hotel there 's not much point drinking in a downstairs hotel bar when you can sit and watch the world go by in a heap of other bars. Hostess clubs next to the hotel are a bit off putting at first but once they realise that you either a 'goer ' or a 'no-goer ' they 'll either leave you alone or be your best friend. All pretty harmless really and nothing much to see , unless you like looking at curtains !

damp sheets , bad air conditioning , noisy as if you are sitting in the middle of a football match , smelly room .

perfectly adequate hotel which I got a very reasonable rate with British Airways. The staff were fine and the room was OK if a little small. It is well situated five minutes from the MTE &amp ; close to the Convention Centre. One word of warning. It is in the redlight district. Its perfectly safe but you might get accosted returning to the hotel in the evening. The hotel is very good value if you are looking for a room offering somewhere to rest and sleep and you will spend most of your time touring Hong Kong .

it 's a great place to stay .if you get the right room .

a good basic hotel , which needs some decorating. But well situated for buses , trams , MTR and 10 mins to ferry. Buffet breakfast had good selection of European and Asian food. Plenty of reasonable restaurants in area. The swimming pool and spa are outside on rooftop and closed in winter - I was not told when booking. Access to airport is good. Minibuses meet the trains. But book your return minibus early as traffic is often heavy .

we 've just got back from 4 nights at the Wharney , and left satisfied that we got what we came for. As described in other reviews , the rooms are n't huge , and could certainly do with an update. However , they are clean and look like most other hotel rooms the world over .

