we booked a six-night stay at the Premier room at 15th floor facing a building with no view at all , is very cramped , hardly any place for us to move around. The receptionist told us that all rooms from 12th floor upwards are considered as Premier room. Next day , we happened to pass another room on the same floor which was opened and it is much bigger than ours and was informed that it is a Deluxe Room. Upon query why the Deluxe Room is bigger than a Premier room , another staff answered that Deluxe room is located at the back of the building while Premier room overlooked the main street. Felt shortchanged , checked out after 3 nights .

in September 2009 an old lady was staying at the Imperial Hotel in a newly upgraded room. She had a shower and as she closed the glass shower door it shattered. The staff were called , they gave her plasters and they moved her to an old style room. She was covered in glass and blood and was shaking. 3 days later she returned to the UK and was hospitalized. The hotel wanted to charge her for the broken glass .

expensive , not worth the rate and room too small and some without Windows

their website is mis-leading and completely leaves out critical information i.e. maintenance work throughout the whole building. Constant drilling and hammering from 7 : 30am right up until 11 pm at night no matter which floor you are moved too. There is a notice in each room indicating maintenance work being done but it does not help if you have booked online where cancellation is impossible becasue it is already paid for. Their website should have indicated that work was being done ; therefore I would not have booked there .

rooms are small but clean. Staff is nice and helpful. Yeah , the place looks and smells old , but nothing bad ! I 've seen worse things in better rated hotels !

this is a very busy Hotel well located on Nathan road in Kowloon .

we stayed here in early April after ditching our awful guesthouse next door after one night. This hotel was a little pricy for the quality of the rooms. I have read many reviews and would have to agree with a lot of them. We must have had a refurbished room as we had no mould or space issues in our room. Infact , the rooms had ample size and the washrooms were very clean. We also had a great view from our room , so I guess it â € ™ s down to requesting the proper room before you arrive. We noticed there was a damp smell to the corridors and a bit gloomy at times. The staff are decent and welcoming and don â € ™ t mind backpackers as some hotels frown upon . The location of this hotel is the most positive aspect as it sits near the harbour front. Take the star ferry across to the island for the best views and don â € ™ t forget to plan a trip to the outskirts of the city , especially the fishing village of Tai O. Overall this hotel was a bit overpriced much like Hong Kong , but what major city in the world isn â € ™ t ?

i felt the hotel room was too cramped and the food was terrible. The service staff were not courteous and kind ! !

clean room and breakfast buffet next door was ok. Staff are friendly .

last year when i visited here.it was very good .this hotel is small but good.it is situated in the mail market .it is not so expensive and provide best quality.so go there .

the name of the hotel was certainly very impressive. The reception looked nice but the room was just awful : it was dark , damp and smelly. Even the corridors were dark and smelly. Although the hotel is in a good location for shopping , etc , there were a lot of Indian and black merchants outside the hotel following tourists trying to sell things from watches to massages , this was very annoying and I felt uneasy as a lot of them would not go away even when being told to. I was very disappointed with the hotel and will not stay here again , the photos on their website are somehow misleading. The only value for money would be the convenient location of the hotel .

this is n't the best hotel I 've stayed in but no means the worst .

we also booked this hotel through travel agent in Sydney and was told this is a good place to stay. But when I arrived at this hotel back in March 08 , my kids and I was shocked , this ca n't be a 3 star hotel , I have checked through their website and there was not much information ! ! First of all , they showed us this room in level 7 that took about 6 steps from the lift and the room smelt [ their explanation was because of the renovation then they should fix this problem before they open their business ! ! ] , the wall paper was dark , wet and stained , the room was also very small and the most worrisome problem is that there was another wooden door that was broken to the room next door ! The toilet and shower door was broken too ! ! That is unbelievable ! You could practically kick the door and it would open ! After my complaint , they took me up to level 12 to another room , that room is a little bit better but still have the same problems. I ended up not even staying there and went to my family 's place and went back there 3 days later to pick up my luggages and the worse thing was that all my clothes had absorbed the smell and I had to take all my clothes to dry clean ! ! ! It was the worse experience that I even had. I definitely will not go there again or recommend anyone either .

we booked a hotel through the travel agent and she assured us that this hotel is a very nice hotel with a very good location. Lo and behold ! it is a dump. the bathtub was so dirty and the room was so stuffy .

we booked the Imperial hotel in Hong Kong online using elong.com which specialises in hotels in Asia and was recommended by one of their staff so we were confident it would be a good quality hotel - especially as it cost $ 1200 HKD per night. How wrong we were !

excellent service from the staff...genuine and warm but the hotel has poor ventilation..thus not recommended for guests who are used to staying in 5 stars hotels with powerful air-conditioning !

the location is good...walking distance from the Peninsula and Sheraton. The tub was overflowing but the room was clean in general .

i did n't stay here by choice. I was on a tour. The lobby seemed like an average 3 star hotel but everything else was worse than terrible. The hallways smelt musty , the room smelt even more musty , the room was so tiny , the bathroom was filthy and old , there was mold on the walls and curtains. The sheets had stains on them , therefore i couldnt bring myself to lye on the bed. It was so bad i had to walk the streets until the morning. Lucky we only had to stay here 1 night. The smell and the look of this place makes me think of death. I will never forget this hotel. It ruined my trip in Hong Kong .

this hotel has a great location and great price but ..... the first room I was allocated had condensation running down the walls. It was very damp. I asked to be moved and the second room was better but very cold - there was no heating middle of winter and I slept in my clothes .

room quite small and definitely needs to be refurbished

this was the worst hotel I 've stayed in my life. It 's worst then a super 8 MOTEL ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! The room stinks , the AC didnt work , the shower was leaking and the bed was small ! ! ! ! THE HOTEL SUCKS ! ! ! ! I was con into staying at this low class MOTEL ! ! ! ! ! IT WAS HORRIBLE ! ! ! STAY AWAY FROM IT ! ! ! YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

we were booked here for 2 nights. Staff was friendly and it looked like the cleaning staff tried to clean the room , but this place looks 40 years old. The mold was so bad I had to find another hotel for the second night of our stay. When the elevator door opened I thought I was in some sort of abandoned warehouse. But it was the hallway .

small lobby -- if you can all that a lobby ! plus a hell for those non-smokers and travelling with children

i went there with my family and my family friends. We stayed for 3 nights. It was terrible ! I tought that the hotel is a big hotel such as holiday inn cause it 's called THE IMPERIAL . Than i was mortified. The hotel has PINK bath tub and the bed was pink with flowers.... I wo n't stay there if i where you !

we stayed for 2 nights in October and after a long flight from the UK we were expecting something far more decent , particulalrly as the agent recommended it to us ! The room was awful , small , dirty and dingy. I was too tired to complain which is what I think they must rely on plus it was only for 2 nights. It really is rundown and seedy especially on the floor we were located , I have a feeling other floors were of a better quality. Location is great but I would n't stay there again and would n't recommend it to anyone it really is dreadful and believe me I 've stayed in some rotten places !

this has to be one of the worst hotels in Asia masquerading as a good hotel. Below is a copy of the letter I sent to our travel agent upon our return from Hong Kong. They tried to get a full refund but managed only half and that was from the hotel supplier in good faith. I know they havenot tried to pull the wool over our eyes as my daughter works for them and dealt with it personally. The hotel itself would not consider a penny refund which is why I am posting this horror story. The travel agent concerned has since stopped supplying this particular hotel but be warned if you come across it accidentally ! The letter starts :

avoid this hotel at all cost. Although it was located strategically in shopping belt and next to train station , its room was tiny and cluttered with furniture , damp , dark and smelly. Walls had stains on them and the air-cond vent was old and dusty. Very noisy as well because of thin walls and poor sound-proofing , so I could hear my neighbours talking , sneezing.... And the wooden bathroom door was rotting. Worst hotel I have stayed in in Kowloon. Never again !

probably the most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. I was charged HK $ 1600 for one nights stay in Nov. The smell in the room was awful damp and I did not sleep under the covers of the bed as I felt it was not that clean. Luckily I was able to book the Harbour Plaza for my remaining two night stay in Hong Kong. I would not recommend the Imperial hotel to anyone. Would actualy tell anyone I KNEW GOING TO HONG KONG TO STAY CLEAR OF IT. UTTERLY DISGUSTING HOTEL .

this is the 2nd time we have stayed in this hotel. The 1st time was in 1997 , and our reason for returning to the Imperial was because of it 's excellent location , as buses stop outside the door and the MTR entrance is directly across the road. From this spot you can get anywhere quickly and cheaply.....no need for taxi 's although they are cheap as chips in Hong Kong. The A21 bus from the airport delivers you to the door for HK $ 33.....which is just Â £ 2.00 sterling. The staff at this hotel are very good , nothing is too much trouble for them. The hotel itself has everything you need but it 's only a 2 * -3 * so do n't expect a top of the range place. The beds though are very good and comfortable , which after all is probably all you will be using the hotel room for as there is so much to do and things to see in this awsome city. We stayed for 5 nights....then moved over to Lantau Island for a long weekend , then returned to the Imperial for a further 5 nights.....I would go back there again....both Location and Price.....Excellent

hotel had a great location , right on Nathan Road and close to MTR Train system transport was amazing very good and easy We had

stayed at this hotel from 1 - 6 nov on 3 floor. Property has just been refurbished. Got an free upgrade from DBL to Trpl room. The room was decent. But first night we had to fight with Bed Bugs. The location is an advantage in TST , bang on Nathan Road. Very next door is the famous Chungking Mansions. The crowd as night is not recommended for young child. Lot of fake watch agents move arnd. TST MTR is just opp or i think just below the hotel. Indian food was not a problem plenty of options arnd and in Chungking Mansions also. The hotel is ok , but since location is advantage the price was ok. Most of the locations like promenade , star ferry , science museum are within walking distance of 5 - 10 mins. Not really recommended for small families with young children. Otherwise , this hotel can be considered .

booked Imperial THEN read reviews so was expecting the worse , BUT , was pleasantly surprised. Flashy with chandeliers it aint. However , the staff were lovely , the room was exceptionally clean , spaghetti house and Murphy 's pub were a godsend after a hard day trawling the sites and were excellent.There was a musty smell in the corridors but with the humidity outside it could be expected and it was not in the room. Great value for money and I would definitely stay again .

my husband and I treated guests to a Hong Kong trip and booked them at the Imperial Hotel. We could not be more embarassed when we arrived at the place. Upon entering the lobby and checking in , there was a bell boy loitering the area. He just looked at us with our suitcases , and did not even offer to assist us to our rooms. That 's just the start .

my husband and I were coming in to Hong Kong for an exhibition. As we could not get a single room in any hotel , we finally ended up with the one room available at , The Imperial' .

oh it was n't nice ! ! ! It was tatty and spooky especially during nighttime. There was a time that somebody knocked at the door at midnight and though I opened it quick enough there was nobody , no noise of running or any giggling or any trace at all .

location on Nathan Road is perfect. Everything was and is working. Service ok so what else to expect ? ?

first of all , if you visit this hotel 's website and look around you 'll find pictures of the lobby and one of the rooms. I 'd say that the lobby picture is n't that deceiving , if you can accept that what you see in the picture is all there is to the place , save for a tiny niche containing a circle of couches and a table. There is a toilet , but this is actually a shared toilet with the adjoining restaurant , and requires a walk through an incredibly shoddy and depressing hallway .

i personally do n't like the location even though it is quite convenient , with the harbour nearby and the KCR station which is linked to the MTR just round the corner. I do n't like the sleazy feel of the Chungking Mansions just next door and also the crowds of people who are just standing around the hotel .

greasy , sleazy , stay away ! On rip-off street Nathan Road , amidst the Camera-stores with their well-earned reputation of &quot ; no service - high price&quot ; lays the '&quot ; Imperial&quot ; hotel. Three stars - well , one would be more appropriate - this hotel offers microscopic , run down rooms even for HK standards with bathrooms not worth the name because who would ever take a bath there ? ? and dirty carpets and walls. The whole hotel is so run-down in fact that it badly needs a renovation since at least 20 years. The prices are ridiculously high we paid 1240 HK $ in december 2007 , room booked through Asia travel for this location , the rooms not worth half this price. Stay away and look for another hotel , with clean rooms and most of the time a better rate. G.S -Germany

we moved from a very good 3 star as it was full to this awful hotel of the same star rating. While the lobby may be new it is uninviting , but when you get to the different floors it is awful...the smell of dampness and the grubbiness of the corridors is very uninviting. I dreaded what to expect in the bedroom. However , our room was not as bad as the corridors. HOwever , there were parts of the room where the paint was peeling away and the bathroom was very basic...more like a 1 star. I asked to see other rooms with a view to moving...and the smell of urine in one of them was just awful. This irregularity in the star ratings is very misleading and hotels should give a full refund if guests have a genuine reason to move property .

we got a good deal from a travel agent that recommended this hotel to us as a &quot ; 4 star hotel&quot ; . This hotel could barely rate a two star experience in my opinion .

i agree with all the reviews. The bedroom , the toilet , the carpet stink. Worst of all , the front-desk people do not know much English. Most of the time , I had to write my messages or exaggerate my gestures. I think they put on a snob front just so you would not ask for more and force them to speak in more English. Hongkong Chinese are some of the worst people i have encountered in Asia. In Bangkok and Manila , even if the facilities stink , the people are warm and hospitable. Singaporeans are ok too

we stayed for three nights. Our room was surely not as nice as the one that is displayed in the internet. No reading lamps , much smaller and no light coming inside , because we faced the wall of a neighboring building .

i was up on the 11th floor , facing Nathan Road. Not bad , but the halls were a bit run-down. The room itself was adequate , although small .

here 's the lowdown on this hotel. We stayed there in 2004 and to this day I remember the awful time we had in it. We were stationed in the second floor which reeked of cigarette smoke , had worn out carpets and a toilette that didnt even flush well. What made the experience worst even was the discourteous staff , a bellhop that stayed by the door of our hotel room and kept saying &quot ; thank you&quot ; in broken English with his hand outstretched &quot ; demanding ! &quot ; for about an entire minute or so that he be tipped. Fazed by such bad attitude we refused to tip him and days after before check out the room was checked by some none-english speaking attendant who called the FO and upon check out the FO Officer said , &quot ; you stole a towel from your room. We are charging you for it&quot ; . We are well travelled and have never experienced such a merde-hole. NEVER will we recommend this hotel .

poor ambience , poor sanitation , poor toilet yuck ! poor room... stay in another hotel or else your just paying for garbage. Our experience with this hotel is really bad .

stayed here for 3 nites and the room was gosh...too small and smelly cigar smoke . The room you see on internet is definitely not the nice room you will have. The front-desk people are very unfriendly and you never see them smile at all....poker faces ! The price for the room is very high compared to what you will get from service. Bad quality curtains and mattresses. Not recommendable though the location is quite nice. Stay on other hotels !

stayed here as a last resort , because other well located hotels in Hong Kong for less than HKD1300 were booked out. We paid HKD900 which was WAY too much for a small room with a frosted glass window , sagging matresses on the beds , musty smell , tiny bathroom , dim lighting , low ceilings , surly staff and arctic A/C which was either on or off , no thermostat to control it. DO N'T STAY HERE ! ! ! ! You may as well stay next doo in Chongking Mansions for a quarter of the price and similar quality .

i paid half the price here than the YMCA the room was small but adequate the location is good at HK $ 500 it was good value but i wouldnt want to pay more. there are no frills .

first and foremost , the location is excellent ! Situated along Nathan Road Holiday Inn Golden Mile , Sheraton , Kowloon &amp ; Hyatt hotels are either next to or across the street . I traveled in a party of four people. We reserved two rooms , each had a double bed and a twin bed. The rooms are VERY small with little room to maneuver. We place out baggage on the extra twin bed. Both rooms were in the front of the building , overlooking Nathan Road. Because of the size of the room , just inches separate the bed from the window , thus you can hear the traffic. Needless to say the rooms are not soundproof. The rooms are basic and clean. The housekeeping staff is very pleasant which makes up for the front desk staff , whom lack personality and charm. Although the prices are lower than other hotels in the vicinity , you get what you pay for - no frills .

i stayed here a few years ago and I have to say that I certainly hope they have improved on ALOT of things about this hotel. First , the lobby is small and uninviting. The fixtures are old and need a good remodeling. This is the same for the rooms themselves. They are small and very bland. Do n't expect any frills at this hotel. We were a group of 5 people but requested adjoining rooms. We had requested a roll away and because of the small size of the room , our only spot to put it was right in front of the adjoining room door .

