i had travelled to Hong Kong for a business visit in December and had stayed at the hotel for two weeks. The best advantage of the hotel is its location in Causeway Bay. It is in the vicinty of prime shopping district with Sogo and Times Square just round the corner .

a hotel right in Causeway Bay Hong Kong. It is near to both high and medium end shops. Very convenient to shop and drop of purchases before continue shopping. There is even a supermarket near by. The hotel rooms are of very generous size in view of land scarce Hong Kong. The hotel has no smoking floors which we were in. When we found out that the guest in the room opposite ours smoked doors , the hotel manager responded quickly by changing the guest to a different room. Breakfast spread is generous with sumptous local and western fare. Hotel staff very polite and speaks both English and Cantonese well. We have been staying at this hotel over the years and it has continued to be the best .

a busy and impersonal hotel. Nice rooms but expensive and poor service that you would expect from a large city hotel where the staff are too busy to take care of the guests. Wo n't be back .

cantreally add more than has been already written.Stayed for 2 nights whilst on a Far East tour. Hotel was OK. Nothing REALLY outstanding ... Did the job it was meant to. Satff friendly and helpful... I did n't use many of the hotel amenities so can not comment... The room I personally found to be a bit on the small side... but was clean. Purely a business stay so I can only judge on the fact it served it 's purpose. Good location to staion as mentioned and shopping too. I would have no issues about staying there again...but would definately see if there was a choice of a larger room .

my husband and I stayed at Park Lane for four nights on our honeymoon , and we were really pleased with our choice of hotel .

park Lane location in the middle of Causeway Bay is a major plus. It is only 3 minutes walk to the shops in Causeway Bay and is conveniently located near the train station. It is not exactly 5 star but the rooms are comfortable and clean and the service is good. I have stayed in this hotel for business as well as for leisure .

i booked this hotel via Kuoni as part of a multi centre trip , and we stayed for 3 nights .

my wife and I stayed at the Park Lane for 8 nights recently , and we were very satisfied. The Park Lane is a good 4 star hotel. The deluxe room we had was modern , with a funky glass walled and glass sink bathroom. The view we had park and partial harbour was pleasant. George &amp ; Co is a nice pub which also serves good food. The staff were without exception pleasant and helpful. The hotel 's location was good ; MTR station just around the corner , tons of shops and restaurants in the vicinity. The only gripe I had was that the pillows were too soft. I would definitely stay here again .

it is the second time I have stayed in this hotel due to business conference. I was put on 16th floor and room is spacious and bed is a big king single with lots of pillow to select from .

in the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong the proximity of Victoria Park is refreshing. Photographs are however a bit deceptive , as there is a busy overpass outside the front lobby meaning that access to the Park is not as straightforward as you might think from the map. Taxis are cheap , but getting to central Hong Kong is very easy either by subway 100m from the hotel door , or for the more adventurous take the tram which is also close by .

stayed there recently and it was the smallest room we had on the trip and that was an upgraded room. Breakfast was pricey but we paid for the premium club which included breakfast and a late check out which was worthwhile. Hotel is handy for the MTR and this is very convienient once you get your bearings. plenty of places to eat nearby .

graet location really close to MTR hotel rooms were good size with a nice side harbour view - would definately stay here again

the hotel is located within the causeway bay shopping district. The MRT is also within walking distance. For someone who 's going to HK to shop and to relax , this is a great hotel .

we 've stayed for 3 nights in the Park Lane Hotel in Hong Kong , just before we traveled to Bali. The Travel Agent had chosen it and we thought it would be ok , since we did n't know Hong Kong at all. I must say we really enjoyed our stay at the Park Lane. We took an upgrade , to the executive suite because the the two rooms we 've booked were not next to eachother. The executive suite was Great ! All windows looked at Victoria Park and the skyline , even from our bathtub ! The children had their own room next to our sitting room , with connecting doors. This was really nice. The hotel is right at Causeway bay , but we have n't been there a lot. We 've done quite some sightseeing , but not really next to the hotel. Taxi 's are quite cheap and the subway station is very close by. We enjoyed the dinner we had at the restaurant Riva 27th floor , with a great view. The staff was very friendly too , so we had really nothing to complain about !

we stayed here for three nights in a harbour view room which was lovely , particularly at night. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a good location , close to the very efficient MTR and all the shops of Causeway Bay. We only ate breakfast there which offered plenty of choice , and with a view of Victoria Park where the locals were doing tai chi. We loved everything about Hong Kong and if we return would be happy to stay here again .

stayed here for 4 nights on business .

we spent 4 nights in this hotel , wanting a base to explore HK Island. Hotel was friendly and efficient. We took up the upgrade offered on check-in and got a higher room see view from photo , breakfast and broadband. Loads of restaurants close to hotel. Trams a short walk away to take you overground to Central , ferries etc. or MTV also close if you want to stay cool !

my parents and I recently had a leisure trip to HKG recently , and they stayed at Park Lane as I stayed in other hotel. The rate we pay about USD150 per night for deluxe harbour view. the room was pretty big for HongKong 's hotel. clean. complete amenities .

we always stay at this hotel whenever we get the chance to visit HK. Love the location ! Near malls , restaurant , supermarket , and the MRT station .

stayed at the Park Lane HK for a couple of nights. The location is really great - you just go out and you 're in the middle of the shopping area , malls , etc .

my boyfriend stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in mid May as a lay over from Phuket .

although the hotel is aging albeit gracefully , there 's not much to complain about at the Park Lane. Not in the high-speed fast-lane like some of those in TST which is a plus as far as I 'm concerned , convenient to Victoria Park with it 's running track and open air environment , plenty of decent places around to eat or shop , a nice view of the water if you wish for that , even a real grocery supermarket nearby where you can get real-life priced food if you want to eat in your room. The hotel staff is attentive but not cloying. The MTR station is a few steps away from the side door. Times Square a couple of blocks away for the &quot ; shop-till-you-droppers&quot ; - what 's not to like ? The rooms are generous by HK 's micro-miniature standards , and in generally good repair , but they will need a makeover before too much longer. All in all , we like the Park Lane and will definitely stay there again when in HK .

stayed here last week for 3 nights as part of an 8 night trip to Hongkong. The 3 nights at Parklane were for my husband to attend a work conference , corporate rate was $ 1200HK this was paid by my husbands employer and negotiated by them. As my husband had breakfast provided for in the conference room I was able to pay $ 100HK to have the buffet breakfast , this is a saving as the breakfast is normally $ 175HK .

located at the shopping heart and close to the Metro stations , the hotel is very reasonable priced and offers all required services without going overboard .

we stayed here with my brother and his wife , and had 2 adjoining rooms on the 22nd floor. We 'd booked sea view rooms and make sure at check in you specifically ask , as when I when we were checking in I asked and they were puting us in garden view rooms. The rooms would 've been the same standard but I doubt the view would 've been - it was the most amazing view. Its fantastic ! You overlook Victoria Harbour and Kowloon .

i stayed here for one night with family. It 's in a perfect location between the busy shopping of Causeway bay and Victoria Park. Offering a little of everything to everyone. It 's also close to a subway station so you can quickly go from the hotel to the rest of Hong Kong with relative ease .

i have stayed in the Park Lane Hotel in Hong Kong many times , on both business and pleasure. It is an excellent hotel located in the Causeway Bay area of Hong Kong. The hotel itself is quite modern , very efficiently run , and with a great staff. They are all very friendly and helpful , with a strong knowledge of Hong Kong...tourism activities , shopping , etc. Resturants in the Park Lane serve both Western and Chjnese food. They are a real treat. Also , the pub , George 's , is a gathering spot for Hong Kong people , and for hotel guests and others especially during the annual rugby tournament . The Park Lane is beside the Victoria Park , a great place for early morning exercise--walking , running , tai chi. Also , it is close to the MTR the subway system so it is convenient to Central and other districts of Hong Kong. Rates are very competitive and I consider the Park Lane to be one of the best values in Hong Kong. It has been the base hotel for my family for 5 or 6 years .

i usually travel to HK 3 - 4 times a year on business and stay here , so when we wanted along weekend in HK , I got my office here to get me the corporate rate , which meant pretty reasonable value by HK standards .

i have been to Hong kong many times and when I could take my wife , we picked a five night stay at the Park lane. my wife was blown away by Hong kong , and the Park lane. the rooms in the hotel are large and comfortable. the bathrooms great , with large bath , and all the extras you expect. beds are large and comfortable , with huge pillows. also the park views are great watch all the goings on in the park , in which you could easily spent a day in .

great hotel in great location , would stay here again if i ever go back to HK. Staff friendly and very helpful , rooms spacious and clean , views over the park and towards Kowloon lovely. Ca n't really find anything negative to say about this hotel .

my parents and I stayed in two connecting rooms for 5 nights and sadly , both were dirty. Stains on the carpet were visible , bathrooms had dim lights... the rooms just reeked of dirt. For the germo-phobes like me , do n't even think of walking around your room without slippers as the carpets reeked of germs. It was utterly disgusting. We also booked rooms on a NON-SMOKING floor but we were placed on a SMOKING FLOOR. Que horror ! We requested for an upgrade , but apparently the hotel was overbooked. Hmph. And oh , the hallways and the lobby looked cheap by the way .

just returned from a 7 night stay and found the hotel to be very well maintained and comfortable. Complementary water every day in room , adequate complementary toiletries. I would however have expected to find toilets in the lobby for guests , if the bar was n't open you had to go to the 1st floor and find them next to HMV ! Our only other regret was that there was no outside sitting space to enjoy the views over Victoria Park and the Harbour , and like another reviewer we missed a pool , especially as we had really good weather and would have enjoyed a few hours r&amp ; r around a pool. Other than that we found the staff to be friendly and very efficient , and always able to help with any questions .

stayed here for New Year and had a fab time. Great room and given there were 40 of us we had access to the Exec floor with our own breakfast area and drinks in the evening together with some nibbles. Overall a great experience , especially the service , and very central to the Causeway Bay shopping area and the harbour for trips across to Kowloon .

we are staying in Park Lane in Dec 08 for 4 nights. We booked through a local travel agent and get a free upgrade to deluxe harbour view room. The view from our room in level 30 was fantastic. We can watch ships going in and out the busy harbour. And we can see most of Victoria Park from our window as well , which is refreshing change from buildings .

park Lane Hotel is one of the most convenient places to stay in Hong Kong. Depending on whether you walk out from its main entrance or the side door , you may end up taking a stroll in Victoria Park or searching for bargains in the heart of retail hub , Causeway Bay. Ikea is just one floor below. A supermarket , Wellcome is just two minutes walk while countless restaurants and eateries line the adjacent streets. The hotel is also very easy to reach from the airport. For those taking the Airport Express train , a complimentary shuttle bus transports passengers from the Hong Kong Station in Central to the hotel. For those taking the Airbus to the city , the hotel also serves as one of the stops. The subway station is also nearby , being just a block away .

this hotel has a great location but small rooms. We stayed for 3 nights last June , 2008 , we averaged about US $ 290 per night. Not cheap , but the amenities inside were plentiful and the room was clean .

i stayed at the Park Lane for a business meeting for about 9 nights. The location is excellant when you want to be in the shopping area of Hongkong. Also the access to other sightseeing pointsis good. Rooms are spacious and clean , but service is average , especially the receptionists need hours to check-in guests and check-out is the same. I have not trusted in fast check out which was a good decision because the bill showed some irregularities and this needs immediate discussions. We have been waiting half an hour to check-in on a Satruday afternoon. Have to admit , that the lobby was as crowded as a train station due to holiday season and low shopping prices. Breakfast is very good and offers everything- for Asian taste as well for Western taste , so this is a big plus. Meeting facilities are good , view on the 27th floor is perfect. Due to the fact that service and crowdedness of the hotel , I rate only average with a tendeancy to above average when it comes to location and view .

we stayed at the Park Lane at the end of a tour of China with Virgin Holidays , therefore this hotel was chosen for us . It is a great hotel , loveley rooms with good view of harbour and park , but as it is room only double check price of breakfast before agreeing to it . Did we really pay Â £ 18.oo each for breakfast ? Yes we did .

great location , right in the heart of one of the busy areas of Hong Kong and across the road from the harbour .

we arrived at the hotel , and the reception was great ! The guy who helped us checked in spoke English very well , and he politely and direct the question to me and my husband. Unlike at the Intercontinental Century Chengdu !

this is a really nice hotel with great staff and service , we used the trip service to book a day trip to Lantau Island to see the Big Buddha amongst other trips and they were all brilliant .

i usually stay at the Park Lane for business. Location is very convenient--- free bus shuttle from the airport express , 5 minute walk from the MTR , hotel is right beside a huge 24 hour supermarket , across a mall with dining options and Toys R Us a must for traveling parents . It is above HMV , Ikea and a lovely store , Initial. Walking distance from shopping mecca LCX and Sogo .

i have stayed here several times for business over the last couple of years. They have nice meeting room space , and the rooms are reasonably priced. The hotel is in a convenient location , walking distance to many areas .

i have stayed there for two nights , and enjoy its services a lot. The stuff are nice , and patient. They take good care of your luggage when you arrive too early to check in in the morning , and when you leave too late on the day you check out. The room is spacious , as well as the bathroom. The buffet-style breakfast has a lot of options , but I did not find a lot I personally liked. It does n't have a restroom on the first floor , which makes it not as much convenient as you have to take the elevator to the second floor to look for a restroom .

we stayed for 3 nights at the Park Lane on our way to Bali. The hotel is overlooking Victoria Park where you can watch the local people doing Tai Chi in the morning. The MTR station is about a two minutes walk away and there is a Starbucks around the corner which is handy for breakfast rather than paying the hotel prices .

park Lane is at one end of Hong Kong Island Victoria Park . Which means it is ideal to travel from one end to the other by walking which takes approximately 3 hrs or by Tram which is only equivalent to 14p. Tram stop is really just over the road from the hotel .

my family stayed here from June 25th-30th. We had a great time. The hotel staff was great and the hotel was nice and clean. The room are being renovated , I think ? we could here something but , nothing that was bothersome. Our studio rooms was nice and big with a little kitchen never used , I was on vacation...lol . Although our other family who had a studio 7 floors up , they got a renovated one ! very nice , with a LARGE bathroom ! !

would definitely stay here again. Excellent location , in the middle of everything. Had access to the club lounge highly recommend . Very nice staff .

what can I say about this hotel. Amazing ! ! . The Park Lane is located on Hong Kong Island and right in the heart of the shopping and restaurant scene. As soon as you walk in you know this is class hotel. The staff were very courteous and helpful. The view from our room was just fantastic. The rooms were spacious. The pillows were very good. Got ta have good pillows. The bathroom was very nice also. They had plenty of amenities and they provided free bottled water. We also had cable television and free internet connection. The Park Lane hotel has a free shuttle bus that takes you to the main train station to get back to the airport. This is a professional and classy hotel. No complaints whatsoever. Shame I was only in Hong Kong for 2 days .

if you like long lines then this is your hotel. We waited for about 30 min to check out. Counter staff more interested in checking guests in than out. Gym sunbeds ; pretty hopeless. An enquiry revealed that since it was only me complaining about the old tubes and thus tanning power that they the gym management would do nothing until they got another complaint .

we stayed there from March 7-10. We had an early arrival , and they let us check in at about 10am which was great. We too took the MTR to Hong Kong and then we took the airport shuttle bus to the hotel. We had a nice room on the 17th floor , and we had a pretty good view of the harbour , although the smog or fog meant that the view was n't always great ! We found the location really ideal , and we would head off each day for various locations , taking little mini buses , to places like Stanley Market. The Concierge was very helpful. Also , at the airport you can get lots of info books about Hong Kong. We did n't have breakfast at the hotel , rather we went to the Starbucks which is on the 2nd floor of the building next to Toys R Us , which is opposite the hotel. Again , everything was very convenient .

positives :

we stayed at this hotel in Feb.Was worried before we went on whether we had made a good choice or not but could n't of been better.The location is great close to everything you want,Right oppisit Victoria park.Right next to some shopping centres.Time square is 0nly 5 minutes walk away.To get a tram to the peak is only 5 minutes in a taxi and is so cheap.The veiws are breath taking.Not far from the jumbo floating resturant but I thought it was over rated.Be ok if you went by yourself but we booked it though a agent at the hotel and it was a set menu.Not the nicest i 've had.Now our room was fantastic we upgraded to a delux park veiw.Big room on the 17th floor.Glass wall around the bathroom.Great veiw and the bed was so comfortable.Our only bad experience was as we chose to get engaged out there,we thought we would have a good meal no expense spared.We went to the restrurant on the top floor of the hotel.Great setting looking over Hong Kong at night.We spent about 150 pounds on a meal and it was crap,I 've had better fast food and I do n't eat that really.Was really overrated.My salmon was raw and had to go back.Which ment we ate sepratetly to each other which annoyed us,Plus it just did n't taste good and the Champane was horrible.All in all a dissapointing evening.Found lots of other places to eat in time square several floors up.I would stay here again its a great choice.It 's just hard to get your bearings and know where the best places to go are when you are only there 4 days .

okay going to Hong Kong from Manila may be cheap but booking at a nice hotel could be a nightmare. With hotels charging between HKD 4000-5000 a night , no wonder this is one of the most expensive Asian city .

we just went to Hong Kong last week jan.14-16 . There are 4 adults 1 child and 1 baby , and they got us a connecting room as we requested. They have a promotion for an upgrade to a new delux room with an extra of HK $ 200/night/room. And it 's worth paying , the room is new and looks spacious. Very nice bathroom with the glass wall on one side. Very good location....IKEA just down below the hotel and Toys R us just opposite hotel. Causeway bay has everything you are looking for food and shopping......All imported brands and HKG young designers ' are just few steps away , the area is so lively.....many shops open until midnight. There is a big supermarket just right next to the hotel. Times Square is only about 5-10 min walk. Along that walk , u 'll never get bored ! ! MTR is so close...and you can get to Landmark in central or Pacific Place in Admiralty within minutes. Hotel food is also quite goood if you happen to get hungry and dont feel like walking around. But heard from my friend that the old standard room is small and not very impressive .

i 've stayed at the Park Lane many years ago and found it a great hotel. Coming back after probably 10 years , it still meets my expectations and more !

we stayed in Hong Kong on the way home from a holiday in Australia. We had a room overlooking Victoria Park and the room was very comfortable and clean. Good location , god views of park and harbour. The hotel staff were very helpful and polite. Enjoyed a meal and breakfast in Cafe One. All-in-all a very pleasant stay. Not sure Hong Kong is one of our favourite places but it was an experience we would n't have missed .

we were in Hong Kong August 30-September 2 for a conference and had to stay at Causeway bay to be near the venue. We chose Park Lane as recommended by our travel agent .

stayed here 29/9-3/10 and had an excellent stay .

we stayed at the Park Lane for 5 nights in the middle of August this year before heading onto Dubai .

we stayed in the hotel as a stop over before coming back to the UK. We booked a park view which was fantastic. Overall we were impressed when we first arrived. The porters took care of our bags and the service was very good. The room was spotless and luxurious too .

stayed here for the first four nights of our honeymoon. Chose to upgrade on arrival to the premium club rooms 30 uk pounds per day -excellent value. Room overlooking harbour , private lounge , breakfast,

my husband and I stayed at the Park Lane from 18th to 26th February. The lobby was nicely decorated for Chinese New Year. All of the staff , without exception , were super friendly. Out travel agent made a mistake , so we ended up having a room looking out onto a back of another building. But the room itself was modern , clean with a lovely bathroom , that had a glass wall instead of being enclosed .

i stayed at this hotel with my b/friend 17Feb - 21Feb Room 908 was lovely , bed so comfy , shower always had hot water ! and the room was HUGE , we over looked the park so we had a great view to ! Room was clean everyday with fresh towels left , Staff were very helpful , i.e they booked us a table at the Jumbo resturant ! and gave us any infomation we asked about regarding tourist attractions Food in the cafe one was lovely , perhaps a little over priced for what of the buffet we ate , but if you do like lobster and sushi etc it would be well worth the money !

stayed at the Park Lane Hotel for 2 nights from 26th December '06 , on the way to Oz. Hotel has an excellent location,

i stayed at the Park Lane for 4 nights and those were probably the most unpleasant I 've ever encountered , ever .

ok         . , it 's nice but kinda ' dirty

we stopped in HK for two nights en route to Oz. The Hotel is well situated and the lobby and public areas were smart .

i had the displeasure of staying at this horrible hotel. They have old and refurbished rooms and unfortunately I ended up in one of the old rooms so this review pertains to my bad stay in this room and the bad hotel management .

i hate having to write this. I am of Indian origin .

just returned from Hong Kong after staying there whilst on honeymoon. We had never been before and were a bit nervous about the whole trip. After a long flight we were whisked to the hotel in a limo which took around 40 minutes. On arrival at the hotel we were greeted with the friendliest and most curtious staff ever imaginable. The check in was bright , spacious and very friendly. the member of staff dealing with us spoke excellent english and gave us a very warm welcome .

we got a up grade to the 22 floor when we arrived ,asked for a non smoking room the room had been used by a smoker the room we were moved to was on 24th floor but was ok the complaint I have is on alate flight home we had booked out of our room in the morning there were no facilites for a shower later in the day we were expected to pay $ 70 to use the gym for a shower this is not accepable as all the hotels we have visited have had at least somewhere to clean up for the journey home we would not use the hotel again

stayed here in July on the way to Australia. When we got to the hotel we were really suprised this was the cheapest of all the hotels we had booked and for the money it was fantastic. On arrival we got a free upgrade on a high floor looking straight over to the lights of Kowloon. The room was very nice and every day was cleaned well. The breakfast was very good and the menu food was too.The location is causeway bay which is a shopping area and the shopping for women here is amazing. Just round the corner of the hotel was the underground so getting anywhere was very easy. There are not too many bars about as the tax on alcohol is 40 % steap ! ! But if you want a night on the beers go to the area Lang Kwai Fong which is a full street of top bars and clubs we got very drunk on one of our nights in Hong Kong. Also taxis are cheap in Hong Kong a tip is to get a business card from your hotel as its name is written in English and cantonese so you can just show the taxi driver the card to avoid any confusion . Use the Star Ferry go for one close to 8 o ' clock from Hong Kong to Kowloon and see the light show for 17 pence , great. Then go to the Peninsula for cocktails or go to the Temple Street Market or Ladies Markets .

we had a great stay at the Park Lane Hotel HK , we booked through Expedia and got a free upgrade onto the 22nd floor premium club overlooking Victoria Park. Room , staff were all fabulous and we have no complaints - would recommend this hotel to anyone .

stayed here with Virgin Holidays - the hotel had no idea at check-in about the free room upgrade we were meant to get as an early booking discount , took 45min to check-in ! Our room was on the 10th floor of 27 overlooking the park , could see some of the harbour to the far left , but not much. Having spend two weeks in China , this hotel was below par compared to others accross the border ! It came accross rather luxurious on the lobby floor with shops selling very expensive items jewelry / sunglasses etc . There was also a Haggen Dazz ice cream shop next to the side exit and a large Ikea in the basement !

family group travelling ,We booked directly online with this hotel and were given a confirmation that we would receive a deluxe room overlooking the harbourand park.On arrival when we booked in we were given a room overlooking another building and the room was only set up for a couple. It took the hotel nearly two hours to rectify the mistake and little compassion and no apologies for the mistake .

nice and clean rooms ... very clean actually .

we had the rare opportunity to stay in three different room types in this hotel ! I was there for business , and my husband came along for fun. So we started in a standard room with no view. Actually , the view was an ugly courtyard with air conditioner units. But the room was fine. Typical hotel room , and we did n't experience any of the noise others have encountered at the hotel. Good amount of space , had a table and chair. Very polite wait staff , pretty good buffets at Cafe One. But the location was great. Every night , we 'd wander the streets of Causeway Bay and soak in the electric lights and lively crowds. You 're close to the subway , which we took everywhere. It 's very safe and easy to use - and sooo much faster than cabs. Anyways , after my work was done , we stayed for the weekend and upgraded rooms to a Deluxe Standard with Harbour/City views. The city views were magnificent ! So much better than the ocean , even. And this room seemed to have been recently remodeled. Cool glass walls around the bathroom there is a shade if you need privacy , comfy bed , plenty of space. We did experience some noise on our last night in this room , however. We called the front desk and were informed that we were under an event room , so they upgraded us to a suite for our final night ! We moved , even though we really liked our room. And I must say , we prefered the Deluxe Room over the Suite. The suite had tons of space. A separate sitting area with flat screen TV. The bedroom is bigger , and there were one and half baths , a stand alone bathtub. So there is TONS of room. However , it was not renovated like our previous room. There was cheap fake wood-like panelling and it was just not very nice. Great view , but no better than our other. It was great to have the space , but unless you need it , opt for the Deluxe Room for the money. Overall , we loved the Park Lane and would stay again. Not fancy , but very nice , terrific service , great location. Oh - another tip. Some Korean friends of mine were visiting and shared a gem with us - near the hotel is a massage place called The Big Bucket. The hotel did n't even know it. It 's totally legit just massages and cheap. It was like $ 35 for an hour long massage. My husband had a body massage and I had a long foot massage - amazing ! Great way to end a long day of shopping at the Jade Market !

this was a great hotel to stay at. The rooms were extremely spacious , stylish and always look clean and new have been told that this is a rarity in HK and the maids were very friendly and assisting - always giving us at least two bottles of spring water each day .

i have been staying at Park Lane for many times over 9 years my Company 's choice . Certainly over 50 stays .

first I 'll get the negative out the way - we were on the 26th floor with a great view but the 27th floor is the ballroom &amp ; every night there is something on &amp ; it is quite noisy - our room was not too bad but one couple on our party complained &amp ; was shifted to another floor. So ask for a lower floor .

enjoyed my stay. Very convenient location and Causeway Bay is the best .

we have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Park Lane , Causeway Bay HK. We are a family with a 22 month old boy. Prior to booking a hotel , we had certain criteria in a hotel room that we wanted including enough room to fit a cot and close walking distance to the MTR wife is 5 months pregnant . Most of the HK hotel rooms are fairly small in the 3 star range , so we had to resort to a 4-5 star hotel .

first things first , when we arrived at Hong Kong International Airport , we went through immigration and reclaimed our luggage. We headed towards the train station which was very well sign posted. We eventually came to some kiosks and for about $ HK 160 Â £ 16 we purchased 2 single journey tickets to Hong Kong Central station. After 2 minutes or so we boarded the train and within 25 mins we reached the Central station .

i stayed on the business floors - I think this may be necessary to avoid the congestion .

stayed at this hotel for one night as a stop over on our way to Australia. Hotel lobby is very posh and the staff were friendly. However , as this is a top notch hotel , expected better facilites re a larger lounge/bar/restaurant area. Internet prices in their business centre are a rip off , try elsewhere. Our room was very nice , over looking Victoria Park , we were 'upgraded ' to the 23rd floor , as they were updating the rooms on the 19th floor. The only problem I have with this hotel , is the same as one of the other reviews below - ie the TV noise ! There I was lying in bed with our TV on thinking the guy 's review below was rubbish and that he just had jet lag. Well , I apologise for that , as soon as the people got back in the room next door and our TV was off , I totally agree with you ! It 's all very well having these nice plasma screens in the room , however , you would have thought they would have checked our how noisy they were before installing them ! My only advice therefore , is if the next room has their tv on , put yours on as well , then you are at least listening to something you want to hear ! Would have been annoying if we had stayed there for longer. Overall , the hotel is in an excellent position. If you turn right out of the hotel and right again Patterson Street , there is a taxi rank , so use this instead of waiting with all the business people in the queue at the hotel ! We got a taxi to the top of the Peak for $ 80 Hong Kong dollars and then once you have come back down on the tram , is a really easy walk down to the Star Ferry terminal. The ferries are SO cheap and easy to use , we went over to Kowloon and its an excellent way of seeing the city. The view from the Peak wasnt that good , as it was a cloudy day but well worth going up there , just for the tram ride !

in genera , I rate it average. The room is clean , nice modern design with pretty cool bath room. The bed is comfy. The flat screen TV gives the room more space. We upgraded the room to habour&amp ; park view. However , it was not really habour view. Habour view was like on the far left side of the window. However , it was alright since we rarely spent time in the room anyway. The only thing which so dissapointed me was the SERVICE. The staff were not very pleasent. Just seemed like they did n't know how to smile. They did their job correctly but I could not feel they had a service mind which I find it an important attitude of working in a hospitality industry .

hotel was in a great location,room was a good size &amp ; very clean. Hotel in general was excellent .

me and my wife stayed five nights at the Park Lane , after reading the reviews I was looking forward to staying there , but...in terms of especially service and facilities it was pretty disappointing .

