perfect service from start to finish. Clean , efficient , good location. Quick walk to ferry .

i wanted a hotel to be in the center of the shopping in HONG KONG and i ` ve been looking searching in the internet and what makes me likes the langham how its near the malls and in the same time the port also , about the hotel lubby was beautiful so luxury and wonderful about the room i took the classic room it was kond of too much used which i think need change it as they offer me to pay more if i want to change the type of the room for some renew rooms .

i was going to book The Langham Place in Mongkok , but my wife urged me to book The Langham as it was close to the Star Ferry and shopping. To her credit , she made a fine choice .

my husband and I stopped over in Hong Kong on our way back from Malaysia. This was my second trip to Hong Kong and on my previous visit I had stayed at the Sheraton on Nathan Road. The Sheraton is a nice , big hotel however the Langham has a nicer feel to it. It is a smallish hotel but it is incredibly beautiful. It has a lovely signature scent which engulfs you as soon as you enter the hotel. We stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms. The room was tastefully decorated and had state-of-the-art technology insofar as the phone , light switches etc were concerned. The bathroom was nice and spacious. The concierge desk was very helpful. The breakfast was good. The hotel 's location is very central. Nathan Road , Harbour City and the Star Ferry are just a stone 's throw away. The service at the hotel was impeccable and I would definitely stay here again .

brilliant hotel every step of the way. Rooms are great. Staff are helpful and polite. Food is good Michelin Star restaraunt in the hotel . Location is really good for a tourist. No complaints. Would love to be there again for a few days. The two words that come in to my mind when I think of it are luxury and comfort .

stayed at the Langham HK for four nights 27 Nov - 1 Dec. Nice hotel. Smallish rooms as to be expected in HK. Nice fragrance in the lobby , although it may not be for everyone. Predominantly pink theme - slippers , stationery , you name it. Comes across as somewhat feminine. Health club was also a little small with a nice but small pool. Location is great but for the road works right in front which means you have to use the subway just to get across the road. It does get a little tiring when you have to do that every day but no fault of the hotel. There 's also a Food Republic at the Silvercord Centre which is accessible in 2 minutes from the hotel 's driveway through the car park .

this hotel was beautiful. The rooms were luxurious. Brekkie was great. Staff excellent. Would stay here again. One of the best hotels I have ever stayed at .

we stayed for three nights early November and whilst there was nothing wrong with this hotel , after visiting the Langham Place in Mongkok , I just wish we 'd stayed over there .

normally stay at the Four Seasons in Hong Kong. But they didnt have a room avaliable for me on this trip. So langham hotel Oriental it was. Was hoping that it was of the same s .

an excellent hotel throughout. I would like to highlight the most efficient check-in : speedy and friendly as well as the outstanding breakfast. It may look unpretentious but the quality and selection is second to none. Very good location though if you want to sip your cocktail watching the skyline on the other side you need to go the Interconti .

we took a party of fourteen to celebrate a 50th &amp ; 21st in April and we stayed on the Club level , rooms fantastic , service brilliant and the club lounge was amazing. Great value for us as drinks in Hong Kong very expensive , we enjoyed champagne every night and ended up going out very jolly on a lot of occasions !

while the Langham does not have the views that other 5 star hotels in HK do , it does make up for that with service and a sense of &quot ; place&quot ; . Walking in the door after a day in the heat/humidity and humanity that is HK , a sense of peace and serenity envelops you , unlike most of the major hotels in the area. We took advantage of advance discounts and upgraded to an updated Grand Room with access to the Club of which we were able to take great advantage. The location was excellent , a short walk to the MTR , Star Ferry and the water front. I 'm sure many would prefer HK Island over Kowloon and we did spend a fair amount of time there , Kowloon has a lot to offer and the convenience is supreme .

moved across the road to the Langham after a bad couple of days at the Kowloon hotel. Opted for one of the grand level rooms on the 7th floor , which we were told had been recently refurbished. They were extremely comfortable. Roomy , with a large tub and 'internal window ' so that you can gawp at the TV from the bath. Tasteful design and plenty of touches that added to the overall comfort of the room. Service was extremely good throughout hotel. Roof top pool/jacuzzi is great .

i worked with the Langham Hotel to hold our Global Meeting there. The staff were phenomenal and the attention to detail was outstanding. Prior to the start of the meeting we had a debriefing session with all the head staff so we knew who everyone was and what their responsibilities were. Let 's just say these guys and gals were extremely organised. I had no complaints throughout the event. The food was always fresh and plenty of it and diverse enough to cater for all the different cultures attending .

we stayed for 5 nights and enjoyed the club deal incl. breakfast , drinks , teatime , etc. what is really worth the money. Also the pool area on the rooftop is very nice after exhausting sightseeing , shopping,...The hotel is centered very close to the harbour , shopping malls , nice restaurants and 5 min walk to the MTR. The staff is very helpfull an friendly ! ! ! Definetly would stay there again !

we had the most delightful stay in this lovely hotel. The rooms were spacious and tastefully decorated , the beds were very comfortable and the linen , sumptuous. The food was delicious , varied and interesting and the wait staff attentive. In fact it was the service throughout the hotel that really excelled , the staff could not do enough. We will definately be back .

we spent a lot of time checking reviews on Trip Advisor before booking The Langham for our stay 24-31 October , and decided on The Langham based on the very positive reviews and the reasonable room rates which compared favourably with other options. We can only endorse all the positive comments in other reviews. The Langham was terrific , and the location is excellent .

stayed here with my family for six nights at the end of october. Had booked two standard rooms , however on booking in were upgraded to executive rooms. The rooms were of excellent size , much bigger than other hotel rooms in HK. The rooms had been recently upgraded , with large bathrooms and all mod cons. The hotel has a boutique personal feel. All the staff we camne in contact with , were helpful and courteous. The hotels convenient location , near to Nathan rd , and 5 min walk to Star ferry meant we were never far away from all the main attractions of Kowloon. Next door to the hotel is Aqua 1 Peking road , the bar AquaSpirit on the 29th Fl offers the best views of HK harbour at night , the drinks are expensive , but who cares when you see the View ! . You will not be disappointed if you book into the Langham , many other hotels in Kowloon charge higher prices , but can not match the Langham in terms of service and location .

we stayed for a night in the Langham. The welcome is a little anonymous and the room in the lower levels was nothing special , although all usual amenities for an hotel this category were available. A special mention for the nice pool on the roof and for the offer to refresh in the evening well after check out before going to the airport. This was the extra service that was appreciated .

i really researched hotels in Hong Kong for this visit as it was to be a luxurious stopover on my way back from Paris. I can not fault the service I received and even though I was travelling on my own I did not feel at all uncomfortable or unsafe. I was upgraded to a nicer room and that was just the beginning of a wonderful stay. I took advantage of The Langham Club which was a lovely haven for breakfast , afternoon tea or drinks. The only problem was some of the other guests who did not view The Langham Club as a haven and were particularly loud - problem solved by Glenn - complimentry tea in the lobby lounge. It was great to be able to use the PC 's in The Club as I did not have my laptop. I loved the massage and facial I had by Wendy who was totally professional and well trained. Divine ! The pool area was lovely and room service was speical , complete with fresh pink flowers on the tray. Loved the bar and indulged myself in some very original cocktails. The reception and concierge staff were quite outstanding in their wonderful approach and it was delightful that they made an effort to use my name. Whilst , I did n't use the restaurants in the hotel they looked very attractive and there was plenty of choice. Next time I visit Hong Kong I would definately consider The Langham Kowloon .........it was fantastic .

langham hotel ? was a great pleasure ! Defintely high standard hotel. Everything in was perfect. Stylish rooms , maybe a bit small but complete and comfy. Hotel staff is impeccable. They even say thank you when you ask something this is due to Chinese way , maybe. Only a little remark , I could not get such a wide offer of newspaper. Breakfast then is above all. Similar to a ceremony lunch it does offer .. all ! International food sweet and salty and chinese. Well.. Langham was a confirmation of what an excellent standard means .

just returned from staying at the Langham after choosing it from these reviews. I was not disappointed , the hotel is beautiful and the service excellent. The room was small although the bed was huge and the bathroom lovely but I 'm told not a bad size by Hong Kong standards plus the view was not great. The buffet dinner was amazing although pricey and very busy on weekend nights. The New York deli was great ! Location is good if you want Nathan Road but in hind sight I would have stayed on Hong Kong side. When you leave the hotel you have to run the gaunlet of tailors , copy watches , copy handbags , time share etc. all trying to get you to buy. Hong Kong side would have been quieter. I also found it difficult to find &quot ; normal shops&quot ; near to the hotel - there 's every designer shop you could think of here. Although within walking distance of Temple Street market where we managed to get most of the things we were looking for .

my friends and I stayed during August 08 during the time of the equestrian olympics in Hong kong which was the main reson for our visit. We stopped in Club rooms , Winnie and her team made us feel very welcome within the club. The langham is very elegant at the rooms are very well appointed , all clients are made to feel very special and welcome. It is very well situated in kowloon for many of the city sights , star ferry and all the fab food Hong Kong has to offer .

stayed for 2 nights in standard club room which was well worth any extra payment. Rooms were very comfortable and staff were incredibly helpful and courteous. This hotel is very conveniently situated for star ferries , MTR and shopping. This was our first time in Hong Kong for many years and we loved it and the hotel made it very special for us. Do n't look elsewhere just book The Langham .

we stayed at the Langham Hotel at the end of September 2009. We found the hotel to be in an excellent location - close to Nathan Road shops , the Star Ferry , MTR and the Habour City shopping Complex , and several markets .

was a bit taken back by the size of the room. How large the suite was. Being near Nathan road also helped , great location and the lobby/lounge is quite large. Impressed would stay there again .

my husband and i stayed in a recently refurbished grand i think thats what it was called ! room for a long weekend in may for a friends wedding and the room was lovely , and large for hong kong. The bed was lovely and big , and the perfect place to finish off dome very hectic days ! The bathroom was also lovely and modern and again large. The hotel is in a great location , just a few minutes walk from the star ferry terminal and seconds away from the main shopping area of kowloon. The staff were friendly and helpful , and therewere no hidden surprises on our bill. We got a great rate , 30 % off the normal price so its worth shopping around. We didnt eat in any of the hotel restaurants although they all looked good. The only negative thing about this hotel is that there are no harbour views , although we spent so much time out of the hotel we hardly noticed ! The only problem with the room was when you were inside the door didnt lock , although the safety latch did and we never found this a problem - it did lock when you left the roo

beautiful hotel , arrived early hours , stayed for 5 day 's and 4 nights.. breakfast included with our room,bewared unless you have slept there the night before they will charge you for breakfast after check in.. apart from that , central location near the rodeo drive of Hong Kong .

what a great hotel. We had long discussions over whether to stay at the Langham or the Peninsula - and in the end stayed 2 nights in each. Whilst the Peninsula is special in it 's own way it 's probably not worth paying a third as much again as the Langham - especially when you can get afternoon tea , a cocktail , a glass of wine etc in the Club Floor Lounge at the Langham for free. Attentive staff without being &quot ; in your face&quot ; and a great location for MTR and Star Ferry. We used the limo service in from the airport which all went really well. The Club rooms were spacious and the bed hugely comfortable. I will certainly stay here again .

the bathroom was really luxury and the bed was comfortable.besides,the location is just near shopping malls and subway , really convenient .

we found the Langham hotel a really pleasant , quiet and helpful hotel with the bestest buffet breakfast and seafood buffet we have ever had on our travels. We just can not believe how clean Hong Kong is , streets , hotels , shops , even the fish market on the island. It was my birthday and when we got back from shopping they had left a mousse cake for me along with candles , matches , serviettes , and forks .. What a nice surprise .

the hotel is in the best location close to the Ferry to get to Macau and shopping so much shopping. Its only a quick taxi ride to the cheap ladies markets , goldfish , night markets or a bus ride or train but taxi 's are cheap .

we finished our holiday with 5 days at the Langham Hotel...it was just perfect in every way...the staff and service are second to none ...they just couldnt do enough for us both.......cant wait to stay there again and strongly advise anyone wanting just that little bit more take the Club deal...it 's worth every cent..made our trip just that little be more memorable...thanks Langham team :

when I travel to Hong Kong , I usually stay at this hotel due to the proximity to everything at the tip of Kowloon Peninsula. The location is a five minutes walk to the MTR station. The hotel is also very close to the Ocean terminal and its gigantic shopping mall. The rooms , however , needs updating and they are bit small. The service is wonderful. However , the internet service is very expensive by the business standard. The lobby does provides continental breakfast daily. Overall , an elegant hotel that provides great amenity but it needs something new to compete with the boutique hotels which are popping up in HK .

the Langham is such a beautiful hotel.. very elegant. We upgraded from a Deluxe room to a Grand room and it was really worth it. We got a corner room with floor to ceiling windows and sweeping views of the city outside. There was also a daybed next to the windows , which was very nice. Quite a bit of space compared to a typical Hong Kong hotel room. We had a few friends over to hang out there comfortably without feeling cramped at all. The location of the hotel is also convenient well depends on what you 're there for . Its connected to a mall , the MTR is right outside and the night markets are just a quick stroll around the corner .

i have stayed at the Langham twice this year , and would go back in a heartbeat. It is located near the harbour , not too far from the Star Ferry terminal , near luxury shops , such as Chanel and Tiffany .

great location and very helpful staff. If you book through a search engine you will get a far cheaper rate , maybe as low as ¬ £ 86 / night for the standard double room. The difference between standard rooms and deluxe is - gold plated taps and 3 pieces of fruit .

a wonderful experience from the minute you walk in the door until you leave. Unbelievably friendly and welcoming staff that take you to your room , demonstrate its appliances and continue responding to your queries and needs throughout your stay. Even cleaning was so efficient , we were astounded .

my son and I decided at the last minute to go to Hong Kong for a break and to do some shopping. We were n't to sure if we had missed the sales but on arrival found that half the shops were still in full swing with their sales. I looked on Tripadvisor for a reasonably priced hotel in the main drag for quick access to the shops because we were only staying four days and we were visiting a couple of friends as well on Hong Kong Island and Macau. It was such a pleasant surprise to find this hotel was much more than it looked like on the internet. We were treated so very special from the time we entered the hotel , taking us up to our room and at any time day or night the service on the reception was excellent. They did so much for us and answered all our questions and gave us the best service you could ask for .

this is simply an excellent 5 star hotel. Service was impeccable , staff was very friendly and would always approach us to ask if we needed help , advice , etc. Rooms were great. Location was close to the subway and ferries. The pool was great , although a bit small. Our kids loved it , after a long hot and humid day of sightseeing. The only downside was that the cleaning staff threw away some useful travel papers that we had brought. .

this is the spot. Great location in the busy hustle and bustle of the &quot ; real&quot ; Hong Kong. 5 minute walk to both MTR station and ferry terminal. Easy to get everywhere. Although we did not use the hotle 's eateries , they looked great and other travellers were impressed. The best part though , after big days of sightseeing and adventure we dragged our tired bodies back to the hotel and as soon as we got to the entrance - peace washed over us. This would be one of the most quiet hotels I have ever stayued in. There for 6 nights and never heard a peep from anywhere. I needed a power adaptor at 2 AM and the staff delivered within 5 minutes with a smile and no charge. Excellent .

i have had the pleasure to stay at The Langham for business numerous times , and I always love it every time I 'm there. The rooms now updated and renovated are gorgeous and modern , with antique traditional touches -- very stylish. The staff is so friendly and accommodating. Right when you walk in the hotel , you smell the gorgeous opulent fresh flower arrangements , no matter what season , it just reeks of class. The restaurants are good , and the hotel is so conveniently located that leaves you near an abundance of restaurants in the area. It 's so convenient being right by the Harbour city mall and the ferry. Their lobby is nice to lounge in , and I love their fresh kiwi juice. This hotel is perfect for business as well as for pleasure .

we booked online and availed of their Early Bird Promo ; I asked for the Classic Room which was the cheapest one about HKD 1,500/day - tax

i stayed here with my daughter for 9 nights in April , and liked it very much. We had booked a deluxe room , and on arrival were given an upgrade to a Grand Room , which was very nice , but I was startled at how small this upgraded room was , though my daughter assured me that hotel rooms in Hong Kong are always small. The beds were exceedingly comfortable , and food and service were excellent , though I did find the T'ang Court rather gloomy. We both had wonderful massages in the spa .

lovely Hotel in luxurious decor. We paid for 2 nights and get 1 more for free and was amazed by the value .

this is a very smart hotel , with a stunning marble lobby and a brilliant location - just metres from Harbour City shopping mall , shops and services of Tsim Sha Tsui or the Star Ferry terminal. The rooms themselves are on the small side - but that seems common in big cities like Hong Kong. The bed was superb and the pillows very comfortable. There 's a very nice marble bathroom with separate tub and shower. We tried to use the pool but it had been closed on that day due to a typhoon warning. We did eat several times in the American-style deli downstairs , which had superb US-style breakfasts. Food in Hong Kong was a big highlight ! Staff in the lobby were very business-like and helpful. Overall a very efficient and pleasant hotel .

after travelling Europe for six weeks and resting in Hong Kong for a few days before heading home , we were grateful for a memorable end to our holiday .

this is a gem ! I travel to HK often and have stayed in many of the better Kowloon hotels Shangri-La , Renaissance , Sheraton , Marco Polo , Royal Garden and the Langham is fabulous. Upon check-in the receptionist escorted me to my room to make sure I was satisfied and to show me the lighting , safe , etc. The rooms are large by HK standards and the bathroom and shower are excellent. The lighting in the room is excellent for reading or working. Buffet breakfast is a little expensive but outstanding food and variety. Health club small but ok and rooftop pool relaxing .

staff is perfect. Food is good. Location is very good though Kowloon is so small , most locations are convenient . Business center is another nickel and dimer , but adequate. Rooms are well-appointed and classy. Loved the overall experience here. Fun rooftop pool and great amenities. Generally loved everything .

i will preface this by saying that I travel a lot , am super picky about hotels and we also go to Honk Kong frequently. My wife is from there and we generally stay in hotels when visiting her relatives. My hotel experiences in HKG have ranged from ‚ Ä ú okay ‚ Ä ù to ‚ Ä ú run away screaming ‚ Ä ù .

we stayed at Langham for a week before we went to China for the Beijing Olympics. I am a seasoned traveler and I was 7 months pregnant. The reservation desk spent significant amount of time to find the best accommodation for my needs non-smoking room/ connecting rooms/ acupuncture and massage treatments at the Spa...etc and then helped me to configure the best possible discount package available. They even cancelled a previous booking when a new discount offer became available. They suggested a new booking with daily Brunch at about the same price- which saved my grace with my in-laws ' particular needs , for them being the second time out of the U.S. and quite a bit on the older side , so they prefer Western diet and relative convenience even on the road. The brunch also offered a good mix of Western and Oriental recipes for someone like me who lived half of my life in Hong Kong and another half in the U.S. The room is small but it is expected if you know anything about the value of real estate in Hong Kong as well as its population density. I was pleasantly surprised by the amenities provided and I like the design of its bathroom it is pretty big and sexy . Good size TV screens for watching the Olympic Opening Ceremony. I did n't get a chance to try the roof top swimming pool but learned that the chlorine level is sufficient but low enough for a pregnant lady to swim in. I would like it better if the business center has more extensive services. I also like its location because I know it is easy to get to the subway , ferries , taxi and minivans. It is within walking distances to major shopping sites and good local eateries. For all its worth- my in-laws found staying in this hotel the best traveling experience during our month long trip in China. By the way , the sculptures within the hotels are humorous and worth seeing .

just returned from accomanying my partner on a business trip. We chose to stay here for 3 nights to experience a bit of Kowloon before staying on the main island for the working week. Having arrived before my partner I was very warmly welcomed and whisked off to my room , no problem in me arriving before him and not having a card to put against the room etc- very understanding. Although I was told the room had been upgraded it was actually the room we had booked-but there was a fab view of the Nathen road designer shops ! Beware the pool is quite small and not much sun on it but the gym is very spacious more then you would expect from a hotel. The best thing about the Langham is the location and the rooms. The bed was huge , as was the TV ! The room was just sooo comforable. The hotel is also ideal for sightseeing- 4 mins walk from the star ferrry and the MTR. There are also tonnes of nice little eateries near by , If you want to eat somewhere with the best views try a restaurant called Aqua google it does italian and japanesse food and is 2 mins from the hotel. make sure you book online for a window seat at the weekend in advance !

we arrived at the Langham in Kowloon for our first stop on our honeymoon. I asked the lady at reception whether it was possible , given that it was our honeymoon and the hotel was not busy , for us to have an upgrade. She said that she didnt want to spoil the surprise but yes , we had been upgraded. We were very excited. However , when she checked us into our room , she checked us into the room that I had already booked and paid for. The &quot ; upgrade&quot ; she was referring to was a bottle of sparkling wine that was in our room. Most odd and very dissapointing .

a brilliant place to stay in Hong Kong .

this is a great place if you know what asian hospitality is all about. The club floor rooms and the lounge offer stunning views of the city .

my wife and I spent 14 nights at this hotel and would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone. The hotel itself is very well furnished , clean , luxurious with top class facilities. OK , so are many hotels in Hong Kong. But there are 2 main things that make this hotel stand out amoung the rest. 1. The location is superb. Right in the middle of TST , within easy walking distance of MTR , Star Ferry , Nathan Road , Art Museums etc.. etc.. and all the main attractions that the tip of Kowloon has to offer. and 2. The staff at this hotel are incredible. Friendly , understanding not going into that one in too much detail , helpful and will do anything to assist you in any way they can. In addition you have all the added little extras : - Free water in the room , a daily weather report for the next days planning , daily room cleaning that is all day for you lazy people like me , Good TV channels , Tea/coffee and kettle , iron and board , turn down service in the evening , a good bar with live music mild jazz , ... I could go on for ever ..... but wo n't .

this Hotel is very luxurious , and the service is second to none. I would unhesitatingly and unreservedly recommend it to anyone. It is an oasis of calm in the madness that is Hong Kong , yet only a few minutes walk away from MTR station , star ferry , Nathan Road , Harbour City etc. Excellent restaurants nearby. We did n't eat in the Hotel , but if you like Michelin starred food and are willing to pay the price ! I am sure it would be wonderful. Search for a good deal , and stay at the Langham .

right in the heart of TST , short walk to every transportation means , rooms are clean and well appointed , also very quiet that is rare in Hong Kong , we were on 12th floor , that might help too. The Chinese restaurant was top-notch , the service just excellent , will be our top choice of staying next time .

we have just returned from Hong Kong staying 5 nights at the Langham Hotel HongKong. The hotel staff from start to finish were professional , friendly and were always willing to go the extra mile. The hotel itself is beautiful , with rooms that are well appointed and very comfortable. We upgraded to the Club Lounge which was fantastic with breakfast , afternoon tea and drinks and canapes from 6.00pm -8.30pm included in the tarrif. The location is in Peking Street which is the gateway to the hgh end retail stores , with malls easily accessible. It is also very close to both the MTR and Star Ferry Terminals. I would definitely stay in this hotel again and would highly recommend it to future travellers .

the Hotel was so luxurious that all the tiredness of the day at business conference went like a 'woof ' out of the window.. .

from entering to leaving the hotel I could n't find a fault. Upgrading to the Club was brilliant. We took advantage of the free laundry and having spent the previous two weeks in China , we went home with clean washing. The food was delicious and the service great , always with a smile .

we just returned from staying at the Langham for 5 nights. We have 2 children , so were unable to stay in the new renovated rooms my only complaint ! , but stayed in a Deluxe room with city views. The views are n't spectacular you ca n't see the harbour , however the rooms were quite nice. A bit dated , but definitely very clean and you could tell you were staying in a 5 star hotel. Staff were very helpful and friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel .

we stayed at the Langham Tsim Sha Tsui for 2 nights with our 15 mo old daughter. I chose because others said it was family-friendly and had airport transportation. It was a wonderful hotel with an attentive staff , but I would not call it a family oriented hotel. It is clearly an upper-scale business hotel that will also appeal to the well-healed tourist or the couple on a romantic getaway. Also , the airport transportation was not complimentary. Still , the hotel was very comfortable , and the staff was very accomodating to our needs. I would heartily recommend this hotel to the business traveller or to a honeymooning couple , but not to the casual tourist with a family. By the way , the breakfast buffet was worth every cent... absolutely delicious !

from the Mercedes ride from the airport to the location all was wonderful. The staff is everywhere and so helpful. The Langham Club seemed an unecessary expense at first , but we opted for it at check in. What a Deal ! Free breakfast , free afternoon tea ; free happy hour drinks and food-several nights we made dinner out of it. Free local calls , computer time and dry cleaning. We loved it and met people from all over the world in the club. It is hard to understand the negative reports. This is a first class place .

just back from 5 night stay at the Langham Hotel Kowloon. We choose this hotel over the Langham Place in Mong Kok purely on the basis of location and I think we choose well .

slightly surprised by the negatuve reviews. Great location on Kowloon , less than 5 minutes walk from Nathan Road and Star Ferry terminus. The hotel , its staff and the rooms ooze understated , relaxed luxury. Highly recommended .

january 1-2 , 2009

this was our second stay at the hotel in 2 years ! We were impressed the first time and had to come back !

i booked a suite for $ 500US/night through leading hotels of the world , who offer an upgrade 'if available'. We were shown a very well worn , very tiny suite , with corn chips all over the carpet. No upgrade was available .

we stayed here on a stopover to Thailand. I ca n't recommend this hotel enough. It truly is 5 star in every sense of the word. On arriving check in was quick and easy. The room we had was amazing. We ate at the hotel restaurant and again amazing. We only stayed for one night but wished we had stayed longer .

i stayed at the Langham for two nights at the end of a ten day around-the-world business trip. It was a great way to end the trip ! The hotel staff was wonderful. The room was extremely modern and comfortable. The internet connection was strong and reliable. The buffet-style breakfast in the morning had a large variety of food - fresh and hot. The location could not have been better. Within walking distance of the ferry station and the AQUA restaurants in the building directly across the street had wonderful night-time views of the harbour .

stayed en-route to Perth WA for 3 nights 5th/6th/7th October .

this was my 2nd time staying at the Langham HK. I really like all of the branding changes that they made. Anything with the langham logo is now pink with gold. Love it. The quality of service was just the same as before...perfect ! Check in/out was easy , the breakfast buffet was delicious , my room was excellent...I was very happy to stay here again for work. I did n't have one thing to complain about. I heard from many people that they could here construction noises , but that 's only during the day...I was working during that time so it did not phase me. The front desk was very helpful with suggestions for directions and where to sight see. The location is good for business and for tourists because it 's close to everything. I look forward to staying there again in the spring .

nearly a year since staying on the Club Floor of the Langham , we still reflect on how wonderful our week in the Hotel was. It is the perfect base for exploring Hong Kong and , combined with staying on the Club Floor , was the pinnacle of comfort. Right from check in we were treated like very special guests , provided with complimentary food , drink and laundery throughout the day. The staff we wonderful and very personable. We would n't stay anywhere else and ca n't wait to return where we will gladly pay the premium for the Club Floor experience .

stayed for 4 nights in July 08 as the final part of a 3 month world trip. Everything about this hotel was excellent. We booked a suite and had complimentary club membership. The club facilities were first class with excellent service and friendly staff who made us feel very welcome. It 's in a top location for those who enjoy shopping. Lots of top end stores and a short taxi ride to the Ladies Markets - cost of taxi about 35 HKD from the hotel. The pool and gym areas were first class and we felt totally pampered. Would definately recommend to others .

really not all it is cracked up to be. Overall the rooms are average but the problem upon checking in for me 19th May 08 was that the building noise was terrible. The entire hotel seems to be undergoing extensive rebuilding. Of course , this was n't communicated in advance so I complained and was moved 3 times , eventually ending up in a suite , which was great except for the fact that it was a very smelling smoking room. The only alternative offered was a move to another hotel , which I could n't do as I was meeting colleagues for meetings. Noise was bad in the day time but otherwise hotel services were very good. Without sounding like &quot ; who ate all the pies&quot ; the breakfast was fab !

i go to Hong Kong regularly on business and would prefer to stay on HK Island. However the Mandarin Oriental , Four Seasons etc are now extremely expensive. A quick hop over the water by Star Ferry or MTR brings you to the Langham .

i 've stayed at the Langham Hotel several times during trips to Hong Kong. The location is n't bad if you like shopping at Boutiques or can afford to blow tons of money on name brands. It 's also right across the street from the famous &quot ; No. 1 Peking Road&quot ; which used to be &quot ; Park N ' Shop&quot ; about 20 years ago. I do like how it is a little off the main streets which are filled with malls so you can get away from the large crowds of shoppers .

i traveled with two girlfriends and all of us stayed in the same room and we still have room for walk around. That was wonderful for Hong Kong hotel. Great service and the location was great. Shops and dinings are all around. I will go back for sure .

just in case you did not realise this - the Langham Hotel is a different category to the Langham Place Hotel. The former is a tired 3 + star tourist property , low rise from the 1980s or thereabouts. The Langham Place Hotel on the other hand is a modern 5 star business and tourism hotel directly above the Mong Kok subway station .

this is one of the absolute best hotels I 've ever had the joy to visit !

the best hotel ever .

stayed a total of 5 nights at the Langham and found everything about the hotel excellent. Check out the NY Deli as the food is excellent and there is even a picture of Anthony Bourdain for those familiar of his show eating at the restaurant. My server was actually in the picture. Also had dinner at the T'ang Court and the meal was good there as well. The location is convenient to the ferry and the metro. The views from the hotel are not good , but all one needs to do is take a short walk to the waterfront to see mainland Hong Kong at night. The reservation people at the hotel are great also. I would stay at the Langham again .

immaculate , well placed hotel with the best of everything within reach. The room had cleverly placed mirrors to add a feeling of spaciousness , and the design in general contributed to a laid back , classy atmosphere .

the hotel was eveything I expected from website. We paid extra for the club facilities we found them excellent. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The hotel was in an ideal position for local transport to get to the sites yourself. The shopping was fantastic. I would recommend going on an organised trip to the racecourses we did Sha Tin and Happey Valley they were very good value. The people of hong kong were helpful and friendly we would have loved to have stayed longer .

i stay at the Langham Kowloon about 6-8 times a year between my travels to Mainland China. I find this hotel to be one of the most comfortable and cleanest hotels I stay in world wide. The hotels staff is attentive but not overly attentive. The hotel is not new but the facilities are in perfect shape. Langham is within easy walking distance to China Hong Kong City , Star ferry , MTR and Nathan Road. I highly recommend this hotel to any business or tourist traveler .

a bit tired looking. Great location though. I will stay in the Langham Place in Mongkok even though the location was not as good

we have just come back from a trip to Hong Kong. My husband always stays there when he travels for work and it worked very well for our holiday too .

langhams is in central kowloon near the Harbour shopping area and 10 minutes walk from the ferry to the island .

we stayed at the Langham hotel twice during our last trip to HK .

 great location ;

stayed at the Langham for 3 nights in December 07. Very comfortable luxury hotel. Staff extremely heplful and friendly. Very well placed and easy to get to the star ferry. We had breakfast in our room on the first morning - it was well worth the 10HKD each -luxury ! Would recommend this hotel and will stay there again ! First trip to Hong Kong but will return .

we stayed at the Langham during the peak of the X'mas holiday season. Was there with the whole family - we all agree that it 's a great hotel with the best location , shopping-wise ! It 's right in between the Harbour City Shopping Center and Nathan Rd. so its also very accessible. The best thing my husband and I noticed about the hotel was their service..Most of the hotel staff were very corteous and attentive - not very typical for HKers if you know what I mean. We also loved their breakfast buffet ! Selection was good plus they had the best homemade yogurt ever - to die for : -P Overall , I would recommend this hotel to everyone , especially those who like to be in the middle of the bustling city that is HK .

the good point about the hotel is its location &amp ; room size. The deco is loud verging on rediculous. The lobby has gold paint everywhere , I guess it pemper to the local Mainland Chinese clientel taste not very classy .

excellent location to recommend

beautiful , luxurious hotel. deserves every great review it gets &amp ; its place as the only Hong Kong Hotel in &quot ; Leading hotels of the world&quot ; . Fabulous refurbished rooms with luxury marble bathrooms , great lighting , all the high tech stuff you could want. Great staff on reception , happy to help with sightseeing advice , &amp ; uniformed porters to open the doors , park cars etc. Everyone so friendly &amp ; able to make every guest seem special. Wonderful bar with excellent singer &amp ; pianist &amp ; superb service. Only a shame that some guests do n't see fit to dress for the occasion , but they do n't mind if you are a bit scruffy , just does n't seem right in this atmosphere somehow .

stayed at one of their brand new grand langham rooms from dec 26 to 28. Rates were cheaper then HKD 2500 per night + tax because of the promo period. Very , very nice room but on the small side. Concierge was very helpful in making restaurant recommendations and reservations. Location is fantastic as it is right on Peking Road with all the designer boutiques as well as the Harbour City shopping center just a few steps away .

staff friendly , rooms very clean - arrived to be told 'we will upgrade you ' excellent news - breakfast excellent - service thoughout couldnt be faulted. Credit to staff .

i booked this hotel directly having found out that Hotels.Com would charge me 27 % more. Be aware of these people . I booked a superior room and this had twin beds doubles actually and this was very elegant and superior to any 4/5 * hotel I have stayed in , in Europe. The room was on the 13th floor with a view across to the Peak. Room facilities &amp ; service were superb. Throughout the hotel the staff were friendly , polite and helpful. Tipping is unecessary as all services carry a 10 % service charge. We tried all the six sources of food in the hotel and they were without exception , excellent. I can not understand why anyone would give this hotel a poor review. I read every trip advisor review that was available and am glad that I was aware of what to expect. Everyone who reviews does so for a reason and mine is to say that I would recommend this hotel to everyone,except those on a budget as this is a luxury hotel. The internet service is relatively expensive but I found plenty of free wi-fi hot spots including some from my hotel and I was able to use my laptop widely. Plenty of free toiletries , a bowl of fruit topped up daily,free bottled water and two useful gifts from Customer Services indicated to me that these people know what they are doing. Above all visit their web site and the dozen or so other useful tourist web sites and you will have as enjoyable time as we did .

we stayed one night here before heading for Taiwan next evening. Can be accessed by the Airport Express Shuttle at the Kowloon Station. Paid $ 1750/night. Given a room on the Club Level , which includes local calls , daily laundry allowance , lounge access w/buffet breakfast , evening drinks and internet. The lounge is WiFi-ready and for those who does n't have a laptop , there are workstations available. Rooms are smaller than expected but functional with LCD TV , marble bathroom w/ample toiletries and electronic curtains. Courteous &amp ; speedy check-in &amp ; check-out. Request for 3p check out was n't a problem. Lobby is in the small size which also contends with a lot of foot traffic in the busy Tsim Sha Tsui. Do n't expect to see the Victoria Harbor from here b/c the hotel is blocked by other buildings. Overall a good stay .

stayed at the Langham hotel for 5 nights at the end of november with my friend.We had a great time and found the hotel to have a brilliant location in Kowloon.It is near the ferry pier and also next to all the shops.It is a 5 star hotel and was worthy of this rating.The rooms were a decent size with comfortable beds and big bathrooms with large walk in showers.We were provided with complimentary water and slippers.They had all the christmas decorations up in the lobby which were really pretty aswell.Hotel itself was very clean and the staff were friendly.It had a lovely roof top pool which was small but seemed very adequate .

loved this hotel. Great location -- few blocks to the Star Ferry , near Jade market and luxurious shopping ‚ Ä ¶ . Make sure you upgrade to a renovated room -- with marble bathrooms , yummy bed sheets and beautiful wood. The Hotel service is impeccable. The staff is personable and professional. The pool is on the top floor , which is a great escape from a busy day of sightseeing and shopping. If you are tired of noodles...eat at their Main Street Deli located at street level. The Langham offers luxury at the right price. They welcomed us with champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries ‚ Ä ì all to celebrate our honeymoon. We are usually very demanding travelers always looking for a great experience at the right price ‚ Ä ì but we loved our stay and highly recommend this property .

we chose to stay here for 6 nights because of the reviews on your website and it did not disappoint. We had a standard room that was quite large with a chair and a sofa. The bathroom had a separate shower and large tub. Service was prompt , elegant , and courteous. It is really well located near the Star Ferry and yet seems like a quiet oasis compared to the Peninsula and Marco Polo hotels that were noisy and too bustling .

would recommend this hotel after staying on the executive floor for five nights earlier this year. Room was great and the lounge serves complimentary drinks during the day with snacks available pretty much throughout the day. Staff were very friendly and helpful particularly Katie and Buta. The hotel 's location may put some off but it 's situated above an MRT station so its easy to travel all over HK from the hotel . the local area is also interesting to explore and as this was our 4th visit to HK it made a nice change. The executive floor is worth the extra cost. However , breakfast in the hotel restaurant has a better selection and was pretty impressive. The head chef is from Glasgow so you are guaranteed a good selection for breakfast and for once even the veggie selection was impressive .

we stayed two nights. i never heard of langham but saw the high rating of the other langham. this is the best location in kowloon , right across the street from harbor mall and down from the star ferry. i booked the least expensive room and it was one of the best rooms i'ved stayed. service is excellant hong kong style. even the buffet meals are a mark better than most restaurants entrees. beatiful roof top pool. only down is not many views .

  time we stayed at langham was in dec 2003 - was n't sure about it since we 've always stayed at a different hotel could n't stay there since it was fully booked . it was actually a good thing - LOVE the hotel. excellent rooms , great staff , love the location. after that first stay , we 've never switched hotels. i highly recommend this hotel .

i traveled solo to HKG for 4 nights , booked a room on the Club Floor , and was thrilled with my upgrade to a spacious suite. The Langham has the elegance of a fine British hotel sister property in London , with the Asian service that you would expect in Hong Kong. My LR suite was fairly simple with couch , desk , and flat screen TV. Bedroom was decent sized , and the bathroom was wonderful with large shower and jacuzzi tub .

i have stayed here twice , once in 2003 , and once in 2005. Both times I booked a Langham Suite. Fantastic Hotel , Fantastic Service. And that really says something for a city filled with opulent 5 Star Hotels .

this hotel is rated as 5 star somehow , and many people on this forum have said its great , so I would like to share my experience .

the Langham Hotel in Hong Kong is wonderful hotel with excellent service. We felt compelled to make sure we post our 1st review on TripAdvisors because we were just so delighted with the staff , service , and hotel amenities. We went to Hong Kong for both business and pleasure. The hotel was ideally for located for both. It is super clean , well appointed , and comfortable ! Please make sure you say hello to Joseph in the dining room ! He greeted us every morning with a warm hello and sincere interest in our day &amp ; stay ! He is exemplifies why the hotel service was top notch !

i have stayed in this hotel many times and found the staff to be extremely attentive. The Customer Service Manager Glenn is very helpful and considerate and I think that there are many loyal customers to this place .

i can not not believe this happened in a LEADING HOTEL OF THE WORLD. I was in the health club asking for a local newspaper. The staff called the Concierge and the Concierge staff bluntly said it was not available. He kicked the problem back to the gym staff. I was very upset as I did not believe that newspaper was unavailable. I grabbed the phone and told that concierge staff to bring me a copy from his Manager 's office or outside kiosks before I made a complaint. Finally I got a copy There are many newspaper kiosks just outside the hotel . What made me really upset is that that lazy concierge staff immediately called the gym staff to blame her for giving him troubles. I was still nearby the phone and I found that very unpleasant. I talked to him again on the phone and he did not even apologize .

room had seen better days and smelt of cigarrette smoke meant to be a non-smoking room . Pool not big either. That aside it was pretty reasonably priced , food was good , well located and service otherwise excellent .

we stayed at the Langham for 3 nights on our honeymoon , on our way to the South Pacific .

stayed at the Langham in May for 2 nights-- friend of mine booked a room for me as he recommended it. Told me that he stays here when he comes to Hong Kong for business .

i just returned from Hong Kong , where I stayed at the Langham for 11 nights .

this is a great hotel to stay in. A trifle expensive , but a fabulous find. Great location , nothing can beat the location. Big clean rooms , helpful staff , especially the concierge. If you are looking for a classy stay in Hk , then this is it !

we 've just returned from a four-night stay in the Langham Hotel. It exceeded our expectations in every respect. We had requested an early check in following a cruise , and our room was ready when we arrived at 8 : 30 AM. We asked if any upgrades were available , and one was found even though a large rugby tournament was making all accommodations in the city difficult to book .

i have stayed twice at the Langham now and both times I had decent size rooms with sitting area in the bay-type window. I am yet to get &quot ; great views&quot ; as some reviewers comment upon - all I seem to get is a view of the building opposite but a work colleague did stay here and she got a &quot ; glimpse&quot ; of the harbour so maybe I have been unlucky. You can not fault the quality and service in this hotel - comfortable beds and great toiletries in the bathroom. Little things like - every day stock up of the ice bucket and fresh fruit on arrival mark this hotel as somewhere great to stay. But I think it is the location that is the best thing about this hotel - it is very close to the Star Ferry and also to MTR and of course shops and restaurants around Kowloon. Internet access is pretty pricey but there is a very nice business centre and the staff cant be more helpful. Oh yes - and there is a complimentary &quot ; breakfast&quot ; spread in reception every morning. Just coffee/tea , pastries etc but really nicely presented and just the thing for a quick bite whilst waiting for colleagues to arrive .

we absolutely loved the Langham ! From check in in the gorgeous reception area it was superb. We had a great room with really good views , staff were amazing , location perfect , and price extremely reasonable .

hotel is very well located. It is in a wide shopping district where you can reach LV , Gucci , Miu Miu etc. in couple of minutes .

i stayed at The Langham Hotel from 2 Jan to 4 Jan 2007 in a deluxe room .

we stayed at Langham Hotel for six days and it exceeded all our expectations. The room was excellent - we asked for one higher in the building to avoid road noise , and were placed near the top in a very spacious room. The room was clean and the daily service was exemplary ; the bathroom was luxurious and had both a stand-alone shower and a bath. Beds and pillows were comfortable and spare blankets were provided .

i had a wonderful 3 night stay here during mid August which was just a pleasure. The staff were so attentive and genuine in their efforts to delight , especially the staff in the Langham Club. The pool , whilst on the smaller side compared to other international hotels , had everything one could need and well sheltered from the elements. The location is just perfect in the middle of Tsim Sha Tsui shopping , 7 mins walk to MTR and 5 mins walk to Star Ferry. I did find the Main St. Deli a bit over-priced , and lacked that certain something special the rest of the hotel provided. But essentially what the hotel lacks in Hong Kong views it makes up for in service and comfort .

i stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and I was very satisfied. Hotel and rooms are very nice - elegant and very clean. They have good air-condition not noisy . As the hotel is located within some other big buildings you don ¬ ¥ t have a view from the room window , but we didn ¬ ¥ t mind. Stuff is very helpful and friendly. The location is very good too - just very close to shopping malls , restaurants the famous Peninsula Hotel with its Felix bar is only 5 Min. walk away and also close to the ferry to Hongkong Island. We dind ¬ ¥ t have breakfast there...but Starbucks etc. are nearby.. .

we stayed a night here in July 2006 after having a not too great experience at the Harbour Plaza also reviewed .

my three nights stay at the Langham Hotel Hong Kong was one of the best hotel stay that I experienced in my over 10 years of travel to Hong Kong. I haven ; t come across a hotel that has such wonderful and friendly staff through out the whole building. The friendly doorman , the attentive maid who did such a perfect job , the charming staff at the executive club lounge was just too good to be true. The concierge team carried an energetic yet informative manner , and nothing was too troublesome for them to assist .

ok , stayed here for 3 nights .

decieded to make the choice from the other feedback on this site. We up graded to a suite on the top floor which probably made all the difference. A spa for two was inluded. Room was very modern and quite nice. Pool was perfect. service - excellent. Spa was perfect as well. Decent hotel gym. Club floor food and snacks were well done. location is part of a very modern clean mall .

super hotel , staff pleasant and attentive. Rooms whilst not state of the art , calming , spacious and well maintained. Memeber of LHW and it shows. We booked through BA website who had best rate in Janunary and paid less than a London TravelInn. Would return , more than I can say for our Branson flight !

i was trying to restrive my reservation from the hotel web site about 3 days before the check in date , but I could n't. The message from the server kept saying that my reservation does n't exist. I read again the policy stated in the e-mail of reservation sent and I discovered a statement saying that the guest should pre-registered before 72 hours or the reservation is cancelled. On the booking it was guaranteed with my credit card but reading that statement assured me that my reservation could have been cancelled automatically since the system could n't find out my reservation. I was told that Langham Palace is a newer sister hotel of the same group and so I made another reservation with Langham Palace. Guess what ? A day after the stay there was an e-mail from the sales manager from Langham Hotel not the Langham Palace saying they charged me for one night penalty. It 's a complete scam and I ca n't believe after talking to her that she was still convinced that I should have cancelled my reservation firt , but how to cancel since the web site said it did n't exist. I would ask my Amex investigation department for not paying the charge since it is completely the problem of the hotel reservation system. So for you out there , before making the internet reservation , beware ! Internet transaction in Asia and especially from the local group companies are not that stable like in global hotel chains such as Marriott , Starwood or Hyatt. I learnt my hard lesson and I definitely wo n't stay in Langham again. It 's a pity since I loved the room in Langham Palace but recalling the trouble I had in the hotel , it just brought unhappily memories .

