my normal choice for business trips to HK , the Novotel was booked up and was recommended Charterhouse as an alternative .

we stayed at Charterhouse for 3 nights on our journey to Hong Kong. The location is fantastic. On Hong Kong Island , between Wanchai 7 minutes walking and Causewaybay 4 minutes walking metro stations. Rooms were very clean , the bathrooms also. Furniture it 's english style. Stuff-extremly nice and helpful. Definitely recommend this hotel for it 's great value .

the hotel was ok . I have been to H/K 10 times and this is the worst hotel I have stayed in there . That â € ™ s not to say it was too bad just there are better for little more money .

i stayed at the charterhouse in late feb 09 i really enjoyed my stay great location clean rooms and i had a great view on the south side the staff was helpfull. i have stayed here twice in the last year and would go back next time .

stayed at the Chaterhouse for 3 nights 29th December 2008 to 1st January 2009. a great little budget hotel in a great location. Ideally situated within 20 minutes walking distance to the Harbour , 10 minutes to Times square , convenient for buses , trams &amp ; MTR station. The hotel bedrooms are small but clean and the beds are very clean and comfortable. We found the hotel staff to be very courteous and helpful. They serve a great breakfast which was included in the price. Harry 's Bar in the basement of the hotel is a great place to start the night and the food there is quite good too .

we knew this was a three star , and were not expecting too much. However , the rooms were grubby , in need of a good clean and a paint job. The service from the front desk was non existent - Although I need to mention that the concierge who booked our sight seeing trips was very polite and efficient. There was a conference on when we were there and we were not allowed to use the breakfast room which was lovely - instead we were sent to the basement which was dire ! Never mind - we had an amazing time in Hong Kong as we only used the hotel to sleep in ! I have since been told the hotel is getting refurbished bit by bit so maybe in the future it will be ok !

the Charterhouse Hotel was selected by local colleagues. It was in a perfect , albeit busy location. The rooms were small , but very well appointed. The service was excellent , breakfast buffet exceeded expectations , and the Champs bar was great for a quick bite to eat. The fitness room was quite small , but was only there for a short stay and on business , so it really did n't matter .

i have stayed at this hotel around six times now and have always had an enjoyable time. It is not slap bang in the middle of the Bars/drinking area area which is a good thing and the rooms are comfortable if a little on the small side. Harry 's bar is a good place to start the evening , they show all the big football games in The Premiership on their big screens.The food in the bar is not bad either .

i am surprised by some of the negative reviews for this Hotel. The only down-side we could find was the location - Wanchai is convenient , but somewhat noisy and crowded although that is perhaps the point of Hong Kong ! . As for the Hotel itself , neither we nor the friends we were travelling with had any complaints. Our room 11th floor was the size you would expect from a budget hotel and had wooden built-in furniture - wardrobe , desk , credenza. It was immaculate , with fresh towels and bed-linen every day. We had no problem with street noise. Harry 's Bar seemed to be about as close as you can get in Hong Kong to an English pub. The dining-room 's 'Dining with an Experience ' buffet breakfasts and dinners were so good that we soon stopped bothering to look for other places to eat. Helpful English-speaking staff. A very nice hotel , popular with Brits and Australians in particular at least while we were there .

i stayed in this hotel only one night I needed a visa for China . The quality of the rooms was ok , but the in house &quot ; massage salon&quot ; called me three times if I don ' t want to come down. Probably they saw that I was a single male traveller .

i could say that this is the lousiest hotel that I have stayed at. The worse thing is they do n't even provide toothbrush. All the other hotels that I stayed in provide toothbrushes as the most basic item in the bathroom. The bed is hard and the blanket is uncomfortable. I asked for a non-smoking room and was given a smoking room. Thankfully , there was no vomit smell like others mentioned .

i have stayed here a number of times , and checking the website , the rooms looked like they have been updated. Sadly this is not so. I was upgraded to a Deluxe room , but it looked the same as the Standard rooms I have stayed in previously. The baths and toilets were very old my toilet needed fixing as it would n't flush , which they fixed promptly .

we have just returned from a week trip from Hong Kong. The location of the hotel is fantastic but it has left me a literal marks on my lower legs due to bed bug bites. Towels are good for cleaning the tables , we were given worn out towel and with a stinky smell.....Never book in this hotel even if the location is good. Will never recommend this hotel to anyone !

my first time in this hotel but not in HK , booked the S floor. First Impression was stunning , the design is very modern and up to date. The S signature studio is a compact very usefull room for traveler like me and my wife. rainshower/massage bath , the 42 ' lcd TV , broadband connections , and the dvd player makes us spoiled for the 6 nights we stay in this hotel. we feel like in some techy euro small hotels .

my stay at hongkong.Mar.25-28.. charterhouse hotel is located in wanchai area.. this is the middle part of hongkong island between causeway bay area and central . The rooms are not big but the price is just right ..The location is very convinient to travellers... it is within 20 mins leaisurely walk to hk convention center.. you wo n't get bored while walking because the area have lots of stores to window shopped... If you take the tram It will cost hk $ 2.00 from the east to west side of the hk island... It is near Times square 10 mins walk which is the area for the young and old.. lot 's of name brand store and if you walk nearby there 's what they called an alley ..for cheapper clothings , bags and stockings.. and I ca n't forget this place the crystal jade resto which make shiao long bao ...shanghainese steam dumpling very..very delicious the resto is located on the 4th flr of the bldg. you can see this resto it is located just across the tram wanchai stopped.. sorry i 'm not fond of taking pictures...Hongkong is a shopper paradise... and lot 's of tourist attraction... must see area is the peak.. you take the tram at the central area... and when you are inside the tram you can see the stiffnest of the tram in going up.. and the view deck at the peak is heavenly go at night to have a good view of hk by night with all the bldgs lighted.. upon reaching the airport in Hk their tourist board packet contain evrything a travellers would like to know and a map of the whole island is on hand ! I love hongkong this is my 3rd stay at this hotel.. .

i was very impressed with the cleanliness of the hotel and the location is just perfect. Stafft at Front Desk and Housekeeping were very attentive and definitely I would fully recommend all who is looking for a good budget hotel .

we stayed at the Charterhouse Hotel in Wan Chai at the end of Nov/early Dec. Small hotel in a convenient location within easy walking distance of Times Square and with a Seven/Eleven convenience store on the corner. Fairly small rooms , but this maybe typical for this part of the world. Clean and adequately furnished. Good mid-range choice. Good buffet breakfast and modern sports bar. Efficient staff. Would recommend a visit to the Penninsular Hotel for afternoon tea in sheer opulence !

i read reviews on this site and chose charterhouse due to it 's central location , i was not disappointed with that but other niggles were , i booked 2 rooms , mine was ok , as suggested small but functional , i had to ask for the blanket on my bed to be changed , it did n't look clean , that was done , fine .

we stayed at the Charterhouse hotel for a week during Christmas 2007 on their Signature floor - our S room was large , clean , nicely styled and perfectly adequate for our weeks stay. the shower and toilet were very funky ! The S floor is on the 2nd floor , so you can hear street noise , but in general we did n't find this a problem .

stayed at the Charterhouse for one night just before Christmas. Have been to HK before so the focus was on eating and shopping this time !

we recently spent four nights at the Charterhouse. It was booked as part of a package so I really had no say in the selection of the hotel and I ca n't comment on the price. I had checked out the reviews before we left and my experience tends to back up what most people are saying .

i reccommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in Hong Kong at a budget. The Charterhouse is an older hotel , but it is conveniently located in Wan Chai and nearby Causeway Bay. Anyone paying under $ 200 US for a room in Hong Kong will get this type of hotel no matter where you book .

during the time of our stay there was some convention going on in Hong Kong so we did n't have many choices. When making the reservation we requested a high floor , nonsmoking , king bed room. They gave us a 6th floor , smoking room with 2 twin beds. They would n't change our room and said that they had nothing else available during all 3 nights of our stay. How can that be ? ! Next , the bathroom was probably the most disgusting I have stayed at. There was mold/mildew within every 4 inches of the grout , there were nails driven into the wall above the toilet paper dispenser , &amp ; there was a hole right above the toilet paper dispenser that someone had stuffed toilet paper in. The sheets were really thin from being old &amp ; lots of washings and I could feel the rough , itchy blanket through the bed sheet on my legs. Almost insignificantly compared to everything else , the lighting was very dim but if it was brighter you might see more of how old this place is. Location is ok. Not right next to the MTR. If you want a better location check out the Wharney Guang Dong although it 's on a street that has hooker bars at night but totally not dangerous .

not the most modern or luxurious hotel but clean and perfectly adequate. Must have been the bee 's knees when it was first opened. Good location for walking to Times Square 5 mins . Bus stops outside. Rooms not huge but they 've got everything you need. Excellent buffet breakfast Â £ 5 . Polite helpful staff. Great as a stopover hotel but if staying longer than 2/3 nights I personally would prefer a hotel with a swimming pool as after a marathon shop etc it 's good to be able to chill by a pool to re-charge the batteries to cope with Hong Kong 's hectic pace. Most taxi drivers seemed to know where it was .

we were booked into this hotel 'superior room ' by our tour comapny- Arrived here late eveing , given room on 5th Floor which we rejected both because of size and cleanliness , walls were filthy , bathroom also , hairs in bath plug , actually we didnt have a plug , but they brought one to us. no bedspreads on beds , only stained blankets- Linen although clean had seen better days , grey and with holes. No where to put luggage , escept on the very stained dirty carpet !

this Hotel is in a good location for Hong Kong Island , central etc , lots of bars are close by , and the MTR , the rooms are a bit small , but fine for a lone traveller , clean , tidy , and good value .

we stayed here in March this year and it was a really good value for money hotel .

i was put in a room on one of the upper floors. When the lift door opened I was presented with a corridor carpeted with wooden boards and protective cardboard taped to the walls. Worse still THE SMOKE DETECTORS ON THE CEILING WERE TAPED UP see photo - I can only assume they did not want the dust from the building work to set the alarms off ! I requested another room , but as I had checked in around midnight and the hotel was full they could not do this .

i stayed here for 10 days on mostly business , so upgraded to the Signature floor due to size of the rooms .

for the price this place charges , what you get certainly does not match expectations. the photos on the website make it look decent but upon arriving , i found a really small room even for HK ... but the worse part of it was a very lumpy and non-supportive mattress. the bathroom fixtures were old and very worn looking and the carpet in both the hallways and room were in dire need of replacement .

stayed here as part of the far east experience with travelscope. Very very compact , tired bedrooms and bathrooms , but clean and fully functional rooms , 2 tiny beds and very interesting lighting and tv operation on bed head a blast from the British 70 's past. Everything was OK and I therefore give an overall 4 as the location won it for me and my husband. It was easy to walk down to the trams , very central and real hong kong , ate in some really interesting cafe just around the corner , did not know what we were eating , but you have to try things once hey ! Outside hotel , bustling and busy street , loads of buses , a laundry across road , did all the 6 days previous washing for a snip , much cheaper than Hotel. No negatives , apart from small rooms , no view , but hey we are in Hong Kong to explore , not sleep , and space is an issue there. Fine Fine fine .

stayed at the Charterhouse for two nights .

  night stay at the Charterhouse. Good location just off the main Johnston Road in Wan Chai with easy access to the MTR station .

we stayed at the Charterhouse for 4 nights during April , and our experience was not as pleasant as other recent reviews. Our room did not resemble those shown on the hotel website - the interiors are in need of a revamp , with old carpets and soft furnishings as well as marked walls. There was also a hole in our bathroom wall. The bathroom could also have been cleaner. However , the air conditioning was in working order. Due to the renovations taking place in the building , there was construction noise outside the stated hours ie before 9am . There is also construction work taking place in the building next door to the hotel. Note that access to the gym needs to be made via the fire stairs , which was also being used by the construction workmen and there was a fair amount of dust/debris in this area. The gym equipment is fairly old , but still usable. Note that there are no gym attendants and the gym is in a rather secluded part of the building. Overall , there are better accommodation options in this area/price range .

stayed for 9 days in the Charterhouse and found it to be great value and handy for most places .

we just returned from 7 wonderful days in Hong Kong. The excellent location of The Charterhouse was of great value for us. Only a couple of minutes from the MTR , a few blocks from the Star Ferry , close to several shopping malls , and a great variety of restaurants nearby .

the Charterhouse is a reasonable sized and presented hotel in a good location on HK island. Strictly speaking it 's in the Wan Chai area , but it 's so close to Causeway Bay that I found it to be a very useful location , reasonably equidistant between two MTR stops Wan Chai and Causeway Bay on the Island Line . However , it is still a fair walk 5 min to either , so if you 've got heavy bags , you are advised to get a taxi or shuttle direct to the hotel , which is located towards the end of Wanchai Rd to the east .

me and my boyfriend stayed at the Charterhouse for 6 nights and we had a brilliant time. We contacted them via e-mail and they offered us a really cheap rate , cheaper than even 2 star hotels in the same area , they were completely adaptable as we changed our itinerary four times and they also organized bus transport from the airport straight to their hotel .

this hotel has its good and bad sides. I stayed there for 7 nights with my 9 colleagues , so we all formed about the same opinions. Breakfasts were great. Room service was very good and very helpful and polite staff of room service. However , the rooms are very small and the beds are too short for non-Chinese people. There was no promised Internet access in the room. That is , there was a connection but it required different cables than we had and we were not allowed to use it they offered us to use Business Room internet for HKD 100 , which is quite unfair . Then , the biggest problem some of us had was their reservation of big sums from our debit and credit cards without any warning. When we arrived to the hotel , we were asked to provide our cards &quot ; just in case you use the minibar , etc.&quot ; . By the way , all 5 minibars were empty. We discovered afterwards that they reserved &quot ; authorised&quot ; in their terminology HKD 1550 on the debit cards without even informing us. We had to ask a few times until the problem was solved and the withheld money returned to the cards. As a result we could not use these sums in HK. We thought it completely unfair. Then , when we booked a trip to Mainland China through the hotel , they took money HKD 950 twice from my credit card. I still did not get it returned. So , enjoy your stay in the hotel but be careful when letting them use your credit cards .

i 've stayed here on business three different times over the past year , for a total of about 10 days .

stayed at this hotel with my wife for three nights during mid-October 2006. The location is superb with all the usual tourist attractions within easy walking distance. Do not expect luxury at this hotel but it provides clean , honest value for money accomodation. The staff are very helpful and on hand at all times of the day. Use the concierges knowledge and experience to get you out and about .

