i had used Emperor Hotel a few years and so decided to spend 2 nights there again while in Hong Kong earlier in November. But gosh , I was very terribly disappointed. I requested weeks ago to have a quieter non-smoking room at higher level. Instead , I was given a smoking room on the 7th floor which was also very close to the elevator. The walls were paper thin and I could hear people talk loudly near the elevator at 12 : 00 am midnight. The room was tiny. It was actually smaller than the room that I had in Tokyo two weeks ago. I thought hotel rooms in Japan are already quite small. The bathroom 's wall was dirty and moldy. While I tried to turn off the shower , some rusty metallic parts fell out of the tap ! I slept poorly that night because I could hear water coming down intermittently in drain pipes somewhere in the wall .

the lobby and location of the hotel was nice. i did n't expect the room to be so small for the price. the bathroom was good with modern facilities and clean tub .

excellent hotel with nice staff. My only regret was that I eat in their 1st. floor restaurant where the food was appalling and the staff didnt care and still insisted in charging full price .

we stayed 11 nights in this hotel. We will recomend this to amyone visiting Hong Kong. The service was excellent with very helpful staff. The rooms were clean and of good size .

we stayed at this hotel on a stopover from NZ to UK. It was a long way from the airport and not ideally situated for a one night stopover. However the rooms were good and clean. A little small and the beds were hard but this is apparently normal in Hong Kong. We took the airport express to Hong Kong Central and then the MTR to Causeway Bay and then a taxis to the hotel. On the return the hotel provides a free shuttle to Hong Kong Central which has a Cathay Pacific check in desk , which was great for getting rid of suitcases to allow for stress free site seeing. Although the hotel was not convenient for us it would be great for going to see the Horse racing as it was walking distance to the race track. The staff were all polite and the Hotel was very nice .

