we took this hotel for five night and our stay was perfect ! The room was a bit on a small side but very clean , the staff - from front desk to housekeeping were all very friendly and helpful. Being in the heart of Kowloon / Tsim Sha Tsui , this hotel has a perfect location !

staff in club lounge were always friendly and eager to please. Deffinately recommend buffet breakfast and the afternoon tea and cocktail hour meant that you could say on food and drinks !

the registration process was very easy and the staff was very friendly and accommodating. We stayed in the Premier Wing on the 20th floor , room 2001 and had a great view of the harbour. I agree with the other reviews that the rooms were small in size comparison to USA standards , but they were clean. I would not consider having more than 2 people per room. The washrooms were clean , although the grouting was getting old. The toilets did not always flush the first time. It always took at least 2 tries to flush properly. Location was great to catch the MTR , high end shopping and ferry to Hong Kong. Amenties below the hotel had ferry access , food and banks. We booked the room online with special pricing , so I feel the value was good for the room we got .

the location was fantastic easy acces to Kowloon Park and shopping malls etc. Room unavailable even though booked WELL ahead - checked in &amp ; went for a 1hr walk - then &quot ; be seated in foyer while we check again&quot ; no follow up so I had to ask again later - very poor. Room service was non existent - unable to get fresh milk even after several tries. In my opinion the towels were a disgrace , all tattered at the edges with bits hanging off. Hot water taps were dangerous - bath very hard to turn off ! Bed like a rock - good for Samuri warrior not a senior Australian .

where do I start ?

a good Hotel by the seaside of Kowloon side... and with an EXCELLENT breakfast buffet ! Close to shopping , good restaurants , subway and IN THE SAME BUILDING as the ferry terminal for Macau and China main land .

they covered half of walls with dusty carpets. And I have asthma ! ! ! . They could n't change my room because hotel was full. Hotel is rated 5 stars hotel but building is very luxury but room is big failure. a/c is problem. you can not open windows..I never stay there again. But location.. Tsim Sha Tsui.It is like heaven.Very close to top shopping mall , Harbour Plaza. Very luxury brands .. Gucci , Louis Vuitton , Rolex , Dolce Gabbana,..etc

we 've stayed at The Royal Pacific several times this year , mostly because of the convenience to the Hong Kong-Mainland ferries. Now that we 're more familiar with Hong Kong , we will be staying elsewhere in the future .

i want to try this hotel when I saw it a few months back , so I decided to book here and I must say it 's a good choice. Though room rates during October jack-up but still its price remains competitive. I booked thru the hotel 's website and availed of the 20 % discount if you stay for 3 nights you get 20 % off. Since there are three of us we were booked at the tower wing , I 'm expecting the usual extra cot for the third person but to our surprise the room is actually for three persons with three single beds , though their beds are the usual single beds but still comfortable for one person. Check-in was a breeze we arrived early around 9AM and was able to get our room at 11AM , &quot ; Simon&quot ; even upgraded our room to have a better view of Victoria Harbor. Check-out was also not a problem we were even given a complimentary late check-out until 2PM. Though going to the lobby is a bit confusing specially for the first time but you 'll get used to it once you start to go in and out of the hotel. As mentioned in previous reviews , the hotel is a bit old and had shown signs of better days , but still they maintained it clean and comfortable , probably they 'll soon renovate the rooms to give it a modern touch. I just have a few comments that they should consider : for a hotel on this price bracket they should have at least provided complimentary drinking water and since the room is for 3 persons the glasses and coffee cups should be for three persons. But I 'll definitely consider this hotel again on my next trip .

every experience here was great , I and my business partner,staying here for business &amp ; pleasure , very much enjoyed the stay here. Also we love the restaurant downstair which provide very nice buffet dinner. I visit Hong Kong quite often for business , but I do n't know better hotels than this hotel. There were prenty of places to shop , eat around this hotel and we also enjoy shipping &amp ; eat out , too. Since it was christmas time , around here , pretty much christmas shoppers , illuminations , etc.. very warm atmosphere. Anyway very very enjoy the stay .

i stayed in the Towers Wing so can not comment on the Hotel Wing .

everything about this hotel is tired and old. The rooms are a decent size and having a exec floor tower room , the views were good. However , these are too few plusses for the money paid .

we stayed at the Island Pacific when we first arrived in Hong Kong , went across to China and wanted to book this hotel again , i rang them and accidently booked into the Royal Pacific - obviously a language barrier when called up ! ! However when we finally arrived at the hotel it was lovely. The room wasnt as big but we could have got a larger room but we opted for the cheapest , the view wasnt great but round the back of the hotel if you got a harbour view it would have been stunning. They have a pierside restaurant with people singing and a bbq outside ! Really charming ! !

i pass through hong kong at least four times a year for the last 8 years or so and have stayed in many hotels. Due to the extremely convenient location and the good price , I stayed in this hotel more often than others. I have to say that over the years , I watch the hotel age , non-gracefully , to the point that after the latest stay last month , I feel it is time to say good-bye to this hotel for good unless the management finally decide to renovate it .

we stayed for one night while traveling through HK. The location is the best thing about this hotel. It is located right above the ferry terminal and connected to shopping and eating .

i stayed in this hotel with my wife and teenage son for 6 days. I must admit to being slightly apprehensive at first as I had booked the hotel when the reviews seemed more positive. In the few months run up prior to our visit , they seemed to slump a bit in the Trip Advisor ratings. However we had booked two Tower Suites at a siginificant discount directly through the hotel. This was slightly more expensive than using someone like Expedia. However by doing it this way , we were ensured that we would have a harbour view , and more importantly , we were guaranteed access to the Executive Lounge on the 19th floor for inclusive breakfast , evening drinks and cocktails , and free internet access .

have nothing but good words for this hotel. i stayed in june for 4 nights and july for 5 nights before going back to canada. it the most convenient location in hk for all transportation including ferries. took 2 different rooms , one harbour room in june excellent and the next a deluxe room,july , good . has a mall next door and shops in the hotel bottom floors. great staff , willing to help at all times. the partial harbour view rooms are the best value for the bigger spaces in a hotel room. eating should be outside of the hotel. too pricey if your on a budget. many eating places within 2-5 mins. i will stay there again for sure .

we stayed 8 nights in this hotel and would stay there again if we ever go back.The price was amazing ! My 19 year old daughter and I were both verrrry pleased with this hotel.We stayed on the 15th floor room 1544 in a Towers Wing Grandluxe Room with a partial view of the harbor,which was a great view without paying the price ! The room was a good size by western standards.The bathroom was wonderful,beautiful marble and large,with a separate bath and shower.Even the shower was good size with plenty of room and great water pressure .

hotel was alright.. .

was a bit worried when I booked this hotel after reading subsequent non-favourable reviews on this site - but have to say this hotel was an excellent choice. Location was superb ! Right on harbour , next to shopping mall &amp ; a short walk across a pedestrianised walkway brought you out into Kowloon Park - complete with flamingoes &amp ; great walks. The staff at the hotel were very accommodating &amp ; eager to please. Have never been asked for our body temperature before on registration but the Chinese are taking swine flu very seriously as further evidenced by the number of notices confirming disinfection of certain areas at regular intervals. The room we stayed in was on the 16th Floor , spacious clean &amp ; very acceptable.Breakfast buffet was great &amp ; set you up for the day. Would recommend this hotel &amp ; definitely stay again !

honest best and located in the heart of hongkong ..will come again and again

expensive !

this is likely a once great property that has become shopworn. The biggest concern is the musty smell in the rooms. Would not recommend unless you are on a tight budget. Also , be aware that the hotel is not in Hong Kong - it 's in Kowloon. It 's like staying in Oakland instead of San Francisco .

the fist impression of the lobby and surrounding is good .

the room we got was very nice , clean and comfortable. I will really recommend to all my friends and relatives .

the Royal Pacific Hotel was ideal for our stay in Hong Kong. It is close to the Star Ferry terminal and if you shun Canton Road and use the pretty walkway along the waterside at the back of the hotel you can get to the ferry terminal almost without being asked if you need a tailor or a Rolex watch . The hotel is built over the major ferry terminal , so if you want to go to all ferry destinations in China , including Macau , it is as simple as taking the elevator. There is usually a long queue of people checking in and out at the front desk , but the rooms are quite nice and the staff helpful. There is also a walkway from the hotel over Canton Road to Kowloon Park , which is a nice patch of green in a hectic city. Within seconds you can leave the crowded streets and be sitting quietly watching a flock of flamingoes. We find it better to be in Kowloon looking at the spectacular view of Hong Kong than the other way around - and catching the Star Ferry is always a bit of added fun. Next time in Hong Kong we 'll be staying at the Royal Pacific .

this is an excellent hotel. The room was a good size and well equipped. The location is excellent for seeing the city and its attractions. It is within walking distance to the ferries and the waterfront. The breakfast that came with the room was excellent

i stayed at this hotel from 29 December 2008 to 31 December. The location is excellent if you want easy access to the harbour and Star Ferry terminal. Just a few steps down from the hotel on Canton Road you 'll find numerous shopping malls with a large selection of regular to high end to very high end stores. On the other side of Canton Road are a selection of the usual mix of Hong Kong stores and restaurants. A block further over you 'll find tailor shops , grocery stores , jewellery stores , an HMV etc .

i moved to this hotel from the Regal Riverside Hotel , Shatin cos I wanted to be closer to the city centre. They had a winter promotion of buy 2 free 1. Average price came to about HK $ 800 per night. Came with a small room could n't fit a cot in there , queen bed , daily fruit and friendly counter staff. Was there with wife and infant. Did n't want to stay in the dodgy &quot ; mansion&quot ; areas. It had a great location , was walking distance to restaurants , shopping and ferry terminal. It even had a pedestrian bridge to the park next door. MRT stations were about 15-20 min walk away. However , there was n't any mini markets around. That meant that buying bottled water became expensive I needed clean water for the baby . To sum up , it was smack in the shopping district so everything became expensive when compared to Shatin .

i booked the hotel due to a promotion which was going on. For Premier Room of consecutive 3 nights , 1 night is free. However , it was not a good experience .

things that can be acceptable in a 20 $ guesthouse do not pass in a more &quot ; expensive&quot ; hotel .

i was concerned about the hotel after reading the feedback below , but my stay was very pleasant .

i stayed at the Royal Pacific in a superior room for 1 night on a business trip. The location is ideal for shopping and overlooks Hong Kong Harbour and is close to the harbour ferry. The decor is slightly dated - a 70s chintz to everything gives it away but it is well looked after and prices seem to be average for the area. Breakfast is generally not included in the room price so you may well be better off getting it at one of the local shopping centres rather than paying the high in hotel prices. I was n't overawed by the experience but it was good enough .

i stayed in the Royal Pacific for a business trip to Hong Kong. Our HK office arranged the reservation , as this hotel is walking distance to the office. Not a hotel I would willingly book for myself , ever. First room was on the 22nd floor of the Tower wing- upon opening the door I was presented with a narrow hall with a closet and very little light. Around the corner was a bathroom and 2 twin beds crammed together with dingy comforters and old looking pillows , along with a musty smell. Suddenly the whole room began to hum and shudder - it was incredibly loud. The motor system for the elevators was 2 doors down from me. I complained and was moved to a 2nd room on the 17th floor - smaller , quieter but still dark , dingy and very very smelly. I dropped my bags and went out to window shop and grab some dinner. Upon my return later that night I saw how truly decrepid the bathroom was - black mildew or mold was growing on the side of tub and along the tile trim in the shower. The shower curtain itself had a mildew/dirt ring around the bottom , and there were sounds of gurgling and glugging from the bathroom floor drain all night. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I am being forced by my company to stay there again next week - supposedly in an &quot ; upgraded&quot ; room after they contacted hotel management about my experience- but even that is not reassuring based on the general dinginess of the hotel overall .

we stayed for two days in this hotel. The location is very good ! The ferry station is just below the hotel. We just took the elevator up and voila we were already in our rooms ! The room is quite small though , my husband and I kept on bumping into each other as the space at the edge of the bed is good only for one person to pass by. It 's neat though. At around US $ 130 , we think it 's good value for our money .

we stayed in this hotel for 4 nights August 9-12 in our first visit to Hong Kong .

this place is located about a 20 minutes ' walk from the Star Ferry Terminal , and about 15 to the subway. And great walks they are , one down Canton Road and the other across Kowloon Park. Also , the boat to Macao departs directly from the hotel building. It was quite luxurious , and inexpensive in US dollars .

this is probably one of the better hotels I 've stayed at in Hong Kong. The views of the harbour were amazing , the prices were fair , &amp ; the rooms were quite nice. The location 's good for the TST side , it 's just above the ferry terminal &amp ; closer to Harbour City &amp ; the Star Ferry Pier .

my family of 4 stayed at this hotel from Aug 16-19 , 2008. We booked through a travel agent and we were given two rooms , 1629-30 in the Tower. Rooms were clean , beds firm , pillows soft , carpet clean , bathroom bigger than usual with a separate shower cubicle and bath. I can only fault the lighting as it was too muted. The staff was courteous and helpful. I opted to include breakfast , as advised by one review , and we enjoyed the buffet. in the Cafe. It was a mix of west cearals , hotcake , breads and east congee , vegetarian rice , steamed dimsum . The gym was open 24 hours and though small was complete with a treadmill , weights machine and stepper .

ok - let me start by saying I know some people who happen to really like this hotel... I am not one of them .

i have stayed at the Royal Pacific many times because of the convenient location China Ferry is 45 steps from the breakfast buffet ! Lately I have been staying in the executive side , and the staff there have a much better attitude , but on the other hand you pay for that , and it is still an extra HKD $ 10 per printed sheet of paper from the &quot ; free&quot ; computers in the executive center .

we stayed at Royal Pacific Hotel and Towers for two separate nights. Chose the hotel because of its close proximity to the China Ferry Terminal and a free shuttle to Kowloon station for the airport .

we stayed in this hotel for 5 nights and 6 days. It was a brief , but wonderful. The hotel was very nice , and the spectacular views of Victoria Harbour was excellent. Great location. A perfect place for the family. The staff was very helpful and we enjoyed one of our best meals at the Caf Ã © on the Park. It was close for everything , like ferry terminal , shops and parks. We would definitley recommend this hotel to others .

this was my second trip to Hong Kong and I selected the Royal Pacific Hotel after reading some of the reviews and the description on their website. My girlfriend and I had a great time and enjoyed our stay there. The staff at the hotel was very nice , friendly , and attentive. I booked a Superior room in the Tower Wing and found the room to be very comfortable , ample , and very clean. The bathroom was very nice , clean , and had a separate shower and tub , a bit larger than other hotels. The hotel is close to virtually all locations in Kowloon. You can walk to the back and walk along the waterfront , cross over to Kowloon Park , or take the escalalators down to the three story mall , where you will find Pacific Coffee House and a Starbucks : The bottom floor exits on Canton Road where you will find the Harbor Mall and many other stores , restaurants , and attractions. Five days went by too fast for us and we hope to return later this year. We will definitely stay at the Royal Pacific Hotel again and would recommend it to anyone .

the primary motive for booking a room here was the location ; as the majority of my trip was spent in the mainland , staying directly above the ferry terminal to mainland China was a great benefit. During the rest of the time in Hong Kong , the location also provided easy access to the rest of Hong Kong. It is near a mall , very close to the walk of stars where the nightly laser light show can be seen , the museums , and the ferries across the bay to the other side of the city .

this hotel has certainly seen better days. The booked rooms were sold out so we were upgraded to the best category of rooms they had. A good sized room given Hong Kong standards . The room was clean , although there was a sizeable from the bathroom door to the center of the room stain on the carpet. Fresh fruit was provided each day. The front desk staff and everyone else on staff that we met were pleasant and very helpful. If you are planning on going to Macau , an excellent choice , as the hotel sits overtop the actual ferry terminal. Two escalators down from the lobby and there you are. About a 5 minute walk to the MRT Hong Kong subway system and from Nathan Street one of the major throughways of Hong Kong . Overall , a good hotel , but I am sure there are better choices for the money .

the location of this hotel is unbeatable ! The price is reasonable compared to the other hotels in the area .

we stopped by here for the Chinese New Year in Hong Kong .

we stayed here for the convenience of the ferry terminals to Macau .

i missed the last ferry to Shenzhen so I picked this hotel simply as it is part of the complex. I just walked in and asked for a room .

i have returned from Hong Kong and I have absolutely NO regrets that I choose the Royal Pacific. It was a beautiful hotel and the room was big , clean and simply perfect. Stayed there with my mother who was also very pleaed with the hotel .

my wife and I stayed here for a few days before heading on to Bali , and we liked it a lot. They did upgrade us to a suite. It was a good price for the room , and it was n't a big US chain hotel. The rooms were of course smaller than at home , but they were very clean , modern and made good use of the space at hand. They also left us some fresh fruit in the room when we arrived. We were able to get to it using the free shuttle bus from the Airport Express train station in Kowloon. That was a big relief after a long flight from Canada. From the hotel it was only a 10-15 minute walk to the famous Star Ferry terminal that got us over to downtown. For tourists , this is a better way to go than booking a hotel in the more expensive central district .

just returned on 6th Dec 07. Comfortable stay. Conveniently located within walking distance from Tsim Sha Shui MTR .

it was a very enjoyable stay , near the Cruise Centre and the main Street. The bed was very comfortable and the window had view of the sea. Very good experience !

i and my family stayed in this hotel for 2 nights from 28th Nov to 30th Nov. 07. Contrary to some negative comments , we found there is nothing wrong with the hotel in terms of conditions and locations. I booked 2 rooms and was given one upgraded room at the executive floor overlooking the harbour. The view was nice. Both the rooms I booked are in excellent condition , clean and cosy .

we stayed here going to and from China for a total of 5 nights. Overall we were happy with our experience. The rooms were large by Hong Kong standards. Yes it is a bit shabby but that is not uncommon in HK. The room were a bit older and the bathrooms would have been wonderful 10 or more years ago. But no complaints .

first stayed in this hotel in 1999 and again in Oct 07 which means you can tell this is an old hotel. Rooms are old but properly maintained and bathroom is extremely small. Renovation are ongoing during my stay in Oct 07 which means it is a little noisy during the day which means you can not sleep late

i stayed by myself in this hotel earlier this year for 5 nights. The package deal with my travel agency included a free upgrade to one better than the cheapest room I ca n't remember the name .

the deluxe room given to us looked to me like a superior room because i was expecting a separate shower facilities as advertised in their website but ours was only shower/bathtub. i know 2 rooms with separate shower facilities , deluxe and grandluxe rooms. deluxe rooms face the city/building while grandluxe rooms face PARTIAL harbour view. since there was no SEPARATE shower facilities , i presumed i was given a superior room ? ? i wrote an email about this but there is still no reply from them .

we stayed two nights at the Royal Pacific in the midst of the conference season and secured a tower room for 1200 HKD. It was not the height of luxury but was large 37 square metres and perfect for a family of four one infant . Location is excellent with a traffic free pier great views to HK island and nice to relax at night on one side and Kowloon park on the other - both great places for kids to run around .

the front desk at the Royal Pacific Towers were very friendly and helpful , we had booked the room through travelocity for a great deal for 2 rooms , 1 double and 1 triple. Only that the triple was a smoking room , we wanted a non-smoking room , they offered to spray down the room so the smell of the smoke would go away , but we were pretty insistent that wouldnt work and plus all of us had allergies so that would have been a bad move. They were very helpful in changing room to a non-smoking floor. Much better but the room didnt look like what their website showed as for photos of rooms. The hotel part where the double room was small but newer but the bathroom was not updated. Our room with a rollaway was a decent size and the bathroom was too , so we were pleasantly surprised. Their cafe on the park restaurant was good. The area of the hotel is prime location for shopping so we were very thrilled .

ask for room facing the victoria harbor on the Tower Wing... and you can sit there and enjoy the lights across the harbor every night. Never regretted for choosing that hotel for our stay in HK. There 's a ferry terminal beside the hotel and MTR is Tsim Tsa Tsui just walk across a park . The rates we got was great and it was packaged with CX airline .

we stayed at the Royal Pacific Hotel and Towers because it seemed to be one of the cheapest quality hotels I think it 's a * * * , not a * * * * as stated in another review in HK and we wanted to stay in the Peninsula for our final few days. The RPHT enabled us to do this without spending far too much on our stopover from Sydney to London. Furthermore , the hotel is situated directly over the China Ferry Terminal , and we wanted to take a ferry to Macau from this terminal on one of our days there .

it was quite nice... The rooms were not above the european standard , but they were clean and spacious. The location it was in quite place , but very close to the main street Nathan Street-5min . I would stay again in this hotel .

i stayed in the Tower Wing Deluxe room , the room is much more spacious than what I expected , and the bathroom is HUGE. The beds are comfortable. Fairly good location , with shopping arcade just beneath , though obviously pale in comparison to other hotels like Miramar , as it is quite a distance from the MTR station walk-able distance though .

my husband and I stayed at the hotel wing over the weekend. We booked

hi , this hotel has the greatest location , near shopping , ships , mtr all , but my room was very old the bathroom is scary roof is falling , from how old it is , their towels are as thin as papers. The pillows stink. walls in the room dirt were realy dirty , carpet full of stain. I had to put my cloth on the pillow to be able to sleep on it. However the size is great , the people there are eager to help when they can speak english. Cheking in is fast. I would stay there again if they renovate the rooms. location , again is really great .

stayed there between 8th and 11th of May 2007 , the the hotel wing. Stayed on the so called 23rd floor there are n't that many ! . The lift ends on the 22nd floor , so one floor for the poor bellboy to lug our luggage ! . Rooms were pathetically small and uncomfortable. We had a connecting room , the connecting door of which could not be fully opened without touching the beds in either rooms. Air conditioning was functioning below par in one of the rooms , but was promptly set right. Staff were indifferent but efficient. The major plus point is the location - lies above a huge mall with all sorts of eateries and stores , and the metro and ferry is just next door .

ok hotel . We were in a standard room in the hotel wing and it JUST adequate for me and my son..there did not seem to be any facilities other than a lift and the lobby and the coffee shop downstairs which gets most of the credit...nice coffee and danishes and free internet..We were in HK for a week and I really did not feel they noticed we were there..apart from if we left the curtains open at dusk when some one came up to close them ?

the Royal Pacific has a towers wing and a hotel wing. We found the layout quite confusing as there are seperate lifts for different floors etc .

we stayed at this hotel for three nights in late March. It has an excellent location in Tsim Sha Tsui , directly above the China Ferry terminal ferries to China and Macao and a 5-minute walk to the Star Ferry. There is a pedestrian bridge to Kowloon Park , a walkway to view the Hong Kong harbor , and a mall downstairs , and lots of restaurants and shops in the area. The concierge was extremely helpful. The standard rooms were very small , and had old furnishings and carpet. The shower had lots of mildew between the tiles , but housekeeping took care of the problem immediately. This was not our first hotel choice , but many hotels were booked due to a big conference. Nevertheless , we were very happy with the hotel. We paid $ 125 for the first two nights and $ 135 for the last night. Book early via the website for discounts .

we booked with expedia and paid nearly $ AU200 for one night stopover . We were terribly disappointed .

this was a peculiar building , separated into two physically distinct low-rise towers beside the China Ferry pier. I stayed in a 'Club Executive ' room for five nights , at a rate that was n't especially low but not real high either , compared to luxury Hong Kong hotels like the Island Shangri-la .

stayed here with my husband and two children and thought it was ideal for us .

since I 'm coming in through Macau , I thought it would be ideal to book myself at Royal Pacific Towers , which is just above the ferry port. True to the core , it 's a floor above the arrival hall the only frustrating point is that the Macau ferry port is such a long walk to the exit gates of a floor under the hotel lobby .

the Royal Pacific Hotel is a very good hotel to stay in Hong Kong. It is conveniently located along Canton Road where public transport is so accessible .

this is not the first time i stay at The Royal Pacific Hotel and I love coming back everytimes. Staffs are all friendly and nice , and they even recognize me ! Location is great as the ferry to China is just downstair. The hotel seperate into 2 wings , hotel wing &amp ; towers wing. I stayed at the towers wing everytime and the room size is good enough. It provide wireless internet service at HK $ 120 per day which is a Hong Kong price. Sometimes I can see the victoria harbour view from my room , it is beautiful at night ! I also love the bathroom as it has seperate shower and bath which can not easily found in most of the HK hotel. With no doubt , I will come back to stay in this hotel next time , for sure !

we arrived in Hong Kong after a 15 hour flight and proceeded to go by bus 30 minutes to Kowloon to check into the Hotel. There were 8 in our group requiring 4 rooms. We were offered an upgrade to the top floor 22 which is reserved for smoking - This floor gave us a view of the Star Ferry area and the Harbor. The maids cleaned the rooms wiped down wood and sprayed to rid of any smoking odor. The rooms were spacious - twin beds hard as boards beautiful full marble bath with tub and separate shower. The amenities supplied in the room were first class. There is a restaurant located down one floor from the Hotel , which comps those staying in the Hotel for one breakfast each day. Excellent food - generous - buffet to include hot , cold , eastern and western and continental foods. Also located beneath the Hotel are the bus and ferry stations to depart to go to Macau . Shopping centers are also accessible from this locations via underground walkways , as well as Kentucky Fried Chicken and McDonalds if you must . The hotel is alongside Canton Rd which has wonderful shopping plazas plus there is an internet cafe nearby free of charge with a purchase of a drink . The Hotel has a business floor 19th offering internet service for 40 HK $ per 15 min - Not worth it as their connection is too slow and troublesome. Suggest you use the internet cafe .

we stayed 3 nights on dec2006. The room was a little small , but the was a small minus. Friendly staff , very clean and modern hotel ; i would say give it at least 4 stars. Great location at canton road , just a short walk from star ferry. There is a really nice cafe downstairs with wireless internet .

coming from the hotel business myself , I found the lay-out a little strange. We got dropped off in a parking lot and had to go through a renovation process. Once up , we had to cross some kind of walkway to go to the actual lobby. The breakfast restaurant is one floor down , in which seemed to me , a ferry terminal slash shopping area. Also , for some reason they have a few steps to get to the elevators for the Tower. Had to bounce the suitcases up and down , as there was n't always someone paying attention .

just came back from a 4D3N stay in Hong Kong. Stayed in the hotel wing with my gal pal .

this Hotel is very well run and managed.Excellent location to all shopping and rapid transit.The rooms are spacious and VERY clean.Response time to requests is incredible and sincere.This is very well appreciated.I am in the Hotel business in Canada and travel frequently and must say that this is one of the best run Hotel.Kudos to the GM,Nelson Lee who I have not met but judging by Hotel benchmarks,my family and I highly recommend this Hotel to ANY travellers coming to Hong Kong whether on business or pleasure .

we had a great time at the Royal Pacific .......... opted for the Club floor but the additional expense was well worth it. Great service and good quality breakfast , tea and evening drinks .

we spent two nights in the Royal Pacific Towers , and have the following observations :

i stayed here in august 2001 , with my friend when visiting her dad in china , we stayed for 2 days at the begin of our holiday , it is beauitful hotel , styaed in th exceutive suite which was incredible as the views at night are amazing from our room , we had the breakfast buffet in the morning which was really nice , everything is near by , plus there is a shopping centre under the hotel , use the stair near the reception , you got the river at the same and bridge which looks down one of the streets , brilliant photo chance , very comfortable beds , nice and clean , and alot of space

after staying in another hotel on our first visit to Hong Kong we were very disappointed when we checked in to this hotel. Yes it is quite conveniently located close to the fun shopping areas , but the hotel wing really needs attention. We were originally given a VERY small room in the hotel wing with 2 twin beds. After complaining , we were upgraded to an equally small deluxe room , also in the hotel room. At least this room had been refurbished and was fine for a short stay , but still not worth staying in. Eventually we ended up in a premium room in the tower. Finally a room was what we had originally expected. This hotel is worth staying in , only if you get a great deal , and only if you are in the tower .

