when I visit HK regardless business or leisure , I usually stay at the Marriott , but knowing from my friend in HK that this boutique hotel has opened and it 's the same location , thought to give a try... .

my wife and I have just returned from 6 nights in an Upper Suite at the Upper House Hotel .

the Upper House Hong Kong , managed by Swire Hotel group is a design-driven luxury boutique hotel which only recently opened and thus still brand new. Tipped to be the new Landmark Mandarin with a view and larger rooms , I was eager to see if it lives up to all the hype. Also , the special promo rate stay 1 night , get 1 night free the hotel was having also enticed me to try .

it has everything. Location , great staff &amp ; the most comfortable beds. The french toast at breakfast was out of this world .

well , I simply loved it... The meet &amp ; greet and electronic check-in and check-out are superb. The hosts DO spend a lot of time explaining how things work in the room often forgetting how savvy some of us are in this day and age.. but apart from that. , the rooms and the oversized but beautiful bathroom are zen-like and incredibly relaxing ... I loved the espresso maker and the 'maxi ' bar. This hotel was made with the accent on the ROOMS.. the INTERIOR , less on other facilities. The gym although high tech lacks a shower ; only one restaurant and I agree with someone here - overpriced breakfast. In other words - this is a hotel which arguably gives you the nicest , most spacious and high tech room anywhere in HK... Dont forget to bring your iPod .

massive suite , 1,200 feet , gorgeous bathtub and lots of neat freebies playing cards , minbar , carry bag , etc etc. Restaurant is overpriced for breakfast , but looks and feels good otherwise. Gym is small but very high tech. You ca n't beat the location in Pacific Place. Only surprising thing is , it lakcs the complete funkiness of Opposite ouse BJ - becuase they used an existing apartment on renovation .

one of the most comfortable rooms i have experienced in the last few years. Attention to detail. All the cosy comforts. And REN bathroom amenities. WOW. Then there is the view from the shower and bath tub. AMAZING -- with great sculpture and art !

the rooms are unbelievably huge , starting at over 700 square feet , gorgeously decorated in a modern style by a hot HK designer and abslutely pristine , given that the hotel has only been open for 3 weeks .

the Upper house is not a hotel , it is a home away from home. Designed by world famous Andre Fu to be a place of residential calmness the Upper house has certainly done it 's job. The Upper house is described as an upward journey beggining at the ground floor where guests descend on escalators and up a lift to the 49th floor where the restaurant and lounge is. With few facilities and just one world class restaurant and bar , the Upper house is a discreet hideaway for movie stars and famous chefs alike visiting Hong Kong wanting to get away from the crowd. Also the hotel which starts at the 38th floor gives guests a great view of either the harbour or the lush greenery on the mountains to the rear .

recently opened , the Upper House in Hong Kong can definitely be classified as your home away from home , especially as it offers many creature comforts and tech goodies .

exceptional staff .

