i loved this hotel. The design was fun and different. The staff was really friendly and their English was pretty good. The security at the hotel seemed good. You had to swipe your key card in order to use the elevator. The location was really good. It was within walking distance to the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station , the Museum of History , the waterfront , the Museum of Art , the Markets , etc. Even though it was in a busy area , it was very quiet in the room. The food in the hotel was good. I went to breakfast at their restaurant Aspasia each morning. The breakfast selection was really good. The food was amazing. I ordered room service once. It was very good. The staff was friendly. They even brought a little dessert to the room each evening. I thought that was a nice touch. I had a deal where I got free internet but I did n't bring my laptop and found out that the offer did n't extend to the internet in the business center. This was n't a big deal as the internet was n't very expensive. I did n't look at the pool not sure they had one or the gym so I ca n't comment on those but all in all I would definitely recommend this hotel. I would stay there again in a heartbeat .

we stayed here in May 2009 and we picked it for the good deals being offered and its location

i would definitely return to the Luxe Manor. Great design and friendly service in a very central location. Tons of restaurants and shops in the immediate vicinity .

all looks good when you step into The Luxe Manor Hotel - think Alice in Wonderland meets over the top french designer. As a first impression , loved it. But then it started going down hill. Finishes on most items cheap and poor , room too small and impractical to have an extended stay in. Air Con throughout the hotel set at 16-18 degrees should be at least 22 + ... we constantly turned down the aircon in the room. not a comfortable room really to spend any time in we have all stayed in small rooms before , especially in HK , but it is the way you use the space . as for breakfast - what can i say. cafeteria food. would have to be the most unimpressive breakfast i have ever seen. for the price you pay , i expect quality not quantity . in this case it was neither. the breakfast made me decide to miss breakfast the next day and not try the restaurant. Staff at front desk never greeted us once when we entered or left the hotel there were sometime 5 staff behind the desk . Over all poor value for money , leaving us with a poor feeling for the hotel .

  night stay here and it was a perfect hotel offering exactly what we needed. The vibe of the hotel was refreshingly modern and very funky , rooms were clean and spacious.... exactly what we needed at the end of the day ! Central location , delicious breakfast , helpful and friendly staff. Dado bar is very cool for delish cocktails. Would thoroughly recommend this to anyone , and would definitely stay here again if I return to HK .

my 5th time to HK and the 5th and best hotel I 've stayed in so far. From the moment I stepped into the room I thought &quot ; W-O-W&quot ; . Huge comfy bed with soft fluffy pillows. Interesting decor choices. Nice personal touch with a complimentary bottle of wine on my birthday my second day of stay complete with a birthday card. The hotel has already made a huge positive impression on me ! The hotel staff is helpful and bonus point - they speak good English. Right behind the hotel up a slope is a stretch with nice wine and dine places and best of all , shopping and food are all within reach in a matter of minutes. Personal tip : Yummilicious hot pot &quot ; Xiao Fei Yang&quot ; just around the corner. Room size is definitely bigger than your average 3-4 stars HK hotels...or all previous hotels I 'd stayed in. MTR is about 5-8min walk away and right at the hotel 's entrance is the airport shuttle bus stop to Kowloon station where you can transit to the train shuttle to Airport. All in all - I love it. This hotel has definitely liven up much of my trip this time round. :

we stayed in this hotel in Kowloon for 3 nights. It 's a new boutique Salvador Dali inspired hotel , so if you like his funky style , go for it ! !

i took advantage of the stay three/pay two deal that others have talked about here. With this deal , I think you would be hard pressed to beat this hotel. Our room was quiet , ample and clean. They also offered free internet which was a plus. My complaints about this hotel are fairly minor. It is overdesigned ; a little too boutique-y , if you will. Others have complained about the breakfast situation. It is a bit of a cattle call and we did end up sharing a table with some folks. Not a big deal to me but I do n't think this is a rare happening. They also go in for the aromatherapy here so there is a distinct smell to all the public areas of this place including the restaurant. It 's not a bad smell but it 's a smell. I would stay here again but only if it was a deal .

it 's a breath of fresh air from the rest of the 4/5 * hotel chains. This boutique hotel has its own unique chram and character. The exterior is a vast difference from the interior. Outside seems to be an Imperial palace but once you 're through the main doors , it 's a completely different world. You 're greeted by an eclectic mix of modern chic and faux victorian class .

i chose this hotel because of the location - which was ideal for me - for the &quot ; boutique&quot ; moniker and for the price. I 'm glad I did. I paid GBP75 room only , which gave very good value in what is a funky , ironically over-designed little hotel. The design is memorable and I loved my room - if you look closely it seems they had not gone to maximum expense , but they had used maximum creativity. And let 's not forget the price .

they have bus service from the train station which is the only good thing about it I guess .

we stayed 4 nights at the Luxe and had a really enjoyable holiday in Hong Kong. We opted for a bigger room and we were glad that we did. The location was fantastic , great food excellent buffet breakfast , and the service was the thing that really sets the Luxe apart from the rest. We appreciated the free internet , and free local phone calls and shuttle bus. The staff were friendly and helpful and had good advice and suggestions for shopping and tourist attractions. We loved the funky decor , and evening turndown service with a chocolate. All this contributed to a great holiday in Hong Kong .

i had a memorable stay in The Luxe Manor. The hotel room is very special and atmosphere is very nice as wel. I love the location , which is located exactly in the city center. The concierge/FO team is very professional and helpful. They gave me extra information about everything , included some entertainment , quite reliable , well done !

never tried a boutique hotel before so we decided to try this one. First impression is that the indoor design and decor was more artsy rather than luxury. The room was a good size and is just roomy enough , although I admit I had an upgrade to the premier class. The room was nice and new , catering to a fantasy design but not that lavish as the room design was more painted art than real. It satisfied me to my needs although if this is a 4 star hotel as it claims , I was expecting more. Internet was free but cable tv had little free selection. The lobby could use more lounge chairs for people waiting and the aircon here should be a little colder .

stayed for three nights on a promotional offer of three nights for the price of two in a deluxe room. The decor of the rooms is certainly interesting. Bed was very firm but comfortable. Bathroom was luxurious looking. The location was excellent with the MTR station just around the corner. The only thing is , it is in a street full of tailors , and they were constantly touting outside their shops which was very annoying after three days .

i am stayed at The Luxe Manor from 16-19 August. Hotel offered great deal buy 2 get 1night free , Price is resonliable location is good in Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon. Not far from the Kowloon Station is easy only 15-20mins away. Hotel is very nice room is ok. I like to tell their service is special. I travelling with my boy friend for holiday. Special is their Assistant Manager / Angela. This is my first time in my life I experienced , the staff can assigned a non-smoking for us. Then my boy friend asked that can we smoke into the room , the manager said can not. But the assistant manager said to my boy friendif he like to smoke anytime he can call her anytime for smoking somewhere out of the hotel. At that moment , I am felt strange and angry. Why the hotel could offer that kind of service for the customer. I dont why she could offered that service for us , during I am here just next to my boy friend. Anyway so far the hotel is good other part of service is also good. But next time if anyone who stay in this hotel , please make sure to look after your other half .

stayed at The Lux Manor for 2 nights when spending my weekend there for some shopping and meeting a long time friend .

as I travelled to HK for my business trip , i selected Luxe manor from internet site. It was ever first that I selected this hotel but now I feel it will become my chioce number one during my next visit to HK .

there were 4 of us in our party , with 2 different rooms .

stayed 6 nights at this wonderful funky hotel. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful , I arrived early in the morning and was able to get access to my room at about 9 am. Conveniently located with a short work to the MTR and shops .

my sister and I decided to stay in the hotel because we had read the rave reviews about this place prior to going to HK. However the Luxe Manor was a great letdown and I must say that our holiday was marred by the terrible hotel experience we had. We stayed for 4 nights , and switched rooms 4 times .

i stayed at The Luxe Manor Hotel for 7 nights from June 24th , 2009 to July 1st , 2009 and I thought it was a great hotel. The hotel is located at the heart of the city on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong and is about a 10 minute walk to the train station. There is many many food options in the area and also a few 7-11s and a grocery store. The hotel itself is very unique in that it is a boutique themed hotel and the lobby is very welcoming. Although the signage outside the hotel is not very visible , there is usually a staff member standing outside welcoming you in. The staff members were all very helpful , especially their Assistant Manager , Angela Mak. She was aware that my laptop was broken during my time at the hotel , and she followed up with a phone call near the end of my stay to ask about my laptop situation !

we booked a single night for a weekend getaway in Hong Kong. We both loved the eclectic decor. The room was spacious for HK , and very well appointed. The location is right in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsui , a conventient location for shopping and urban exploration .

you feel att home , the decoration is nice , the service is really good. You will feel good in this beautiful and clean boutique hotel ! ! !

this is a very beautiful , small hotel indeed. The furnishings , the decor , the choice of colours , the use of imagination and the choice of themes etc just fall into place to make it one of the most memorable , hip hotels in this part if Hong Kong. I especially like the manager 's armchair at the lobby , one arm with a dog etched lying low , and the other arm with the dig standing at attention as if for his master to return home. So quirky , yet so beautiful and lovable !

we picked the hotel after reading reviews on TripAdvisor. The hotel turned out to be very nice. The staff were friendly and helpful. We stayed there for 4 nights. The room was comfortable and even though we arrived early , they helped us check in. One of the days , my mom was unwell and we wanted to have a doctor on call if necessary. The hotel was quick with their response and said they 'd call a doctor as soon as we let them know .

the Luxe Manor is in Kowloon - easily accessed via a free shuttle bus from Kowloon Station on the Airport Line. It 's in the middle of a very , very busy shopping and eating district and about a ten minute walk away from the local ferry terminal ferries onward to Hong Kong Island . The hotel itself is great. The decor has to be seen to be believed - outlandish does n't begin to do it justice - the bar is a little pricey , but then , most bars seemed to be in Hong Kong. We found it a great base for dining and sight seeing .

we stayed at the Luxe Manor and found the rooms to be very clean and decorated in a very unique style different to the usual 4 * -5 * hotels .

this hotel is in a great location , just off Nathan Road and Knutsford Terrace is just around the corner , so you 're in the thick of things , but it 's quiet ! The hotel itself is lovely - our room was very uniquely decorated in a good way ! but it was a little on the small side , though maybe that 's how it is in Hong Kong. We particularly appreciated WIFI in our room and the little guide book to Hong Kong to help you get the most out of your stay. The service was great as well - we loved the turn down service with little home baked treats each night. The staff were dressed to impress and the service was slick. Great hotel !

breakfast was nice,deco was trendy,this hotel provide complimentary internet service,coffee machine,but air conditioner is not work properly very very hot ,staffs came here to repair very fast .The housekeeping clean the place very well.Professional and charming Assistant Manager Angela Mak welciome me to stay back in this hotel , keep contacting with my secretary,thank you for their tender and taking care of me,i think their training department did great job to train their staff .

staying at the Inter or Grand Hyatt is great on a company slush fund but if you are spending your own money and want a comfortable clean room with a great staff in a great location this is your spot. The only thing missing is a real gym , pool etc. associated with more resort type of properties. This is my hotel of choice while traveling and will be returning again... and again !

i stayed at this hotel in Hong Kong twice during the past month and found it very enjoyable. Although the rooms are small and the decoration funky , the service is excellent , and the location in Kowloon could n't be better. I happened to check in for the first two-day visit on the afternoon of my birthday and , within one hour , had received a complimentary bottle of wine with a congratulatory note signed by Edmond Cheng , the Rooms Division Manager ; Linus Yuen , the Assistant Front Office Manager ; and Angela Mak , the Assistant Manager. In my opinion , such courtesies mark the difference between an ordinary hotel and one that is--at least in several respects--an exceptional one. When I returned to Hong Kong three weeks later and arrived at the Luxe Manor Hotel , numerous employees welcomed me back and stated they were happy to see me again. These are small gestures but , naturally , indicate how well-trained is the staff. Linus Yuen went out of his way to make me feel comfortable at the hotel , as did the beautiful Angela Mak--And when I finally left the hotel the second time , Miss Mak and a young man named Michael who is also on the office staff , stood outside the front entrance to wave goodbye as my taxi pulled away from the curb. What traveler would n't be happy to revisit such a hotel in the future ? Incidentally , &quot ; Aspasia,&quot ; the Italian restaurant within the hotel is wonderful , although extremely expensive. One should have dinner there at least once while in Hong Kong , but save the experience for a special occasion .

place is central of HK bars and pubs nearby,shopping zones,sight seeing , convenience for meeting

from the moment you arrive at &quot ; The Luxe Manor&quot ; until your stay is complete the professionalism &amp ; service from the staff is at the highest standard. The room decor is fantastic , bathroom &amp ; shower is of excellent size , free wifi and to top it off the hotel offers an inclusive buffet breakfast which included fresh salmon &amp ; italian cured meats .

my hubby and I stayed at The Luxe Manor from 1 to 4 May 2009 on a holiday trip. I 'd booked my stay online after much research. We are frequent travellers and usually stay in 4-5 * major chain hotels but decided to try something different as I was lured by the surreal design of this boutique hotel .

the Hotel is pretty nice just like Assistant Manager--Angela. People working in it are perfectly smart and and great. The rooms are unique and elegant. Great place to stay indeed !

i did stay in the safari suite over the w.e.and enjoyed the special ambience and cosy atmosphere very much , this hotel provides an excellent service , great hospitality,def.a hotel I will recomend to friends and business partner.a must seen when u travel to HK.I will come back again !

i ALWAYS stay at the Luxe Manor when I travel to Hong Kong. I love the location , and the hotel is quite charming .

i have just been back from my 2 night holiday in Hong Kong. I have been staying in many hotels in Hong Kong and Luxe Manor is one of my favourites. The hotel is new , clean with very friendly staff and perfect location. The reception upgrades our room from a Premier to a Studio room and also offers us a complimentary late check out until 2 pm. My only two complaints are

we got a great weekend deal in this really special &quot ; designer&quot ; hotel on Kimberley Road in the heart of Kowloon. It was refurbished and re-named in 2006. The lobby is gorgeously mosaiced and the staff - all youthful - were amazingly smart and helpful - giving the impression of real commitment to the business and more importantly to the guests that business serves .

amazing rooms,different than an other hotel ive stayed in.looks like a 19th c french brothel or something...really cool...small rooms.good breakfast,,,good location for shopping

conveniently located in TST , about 5 min away from MTR station .

i stayed 3 nights in this exceptional Boutique Hotel in Kowloon , good location close to Nathan Road and a short walk to Victoria Harbourfront , good connection to the Airport Express Train the free shuttle bus K5 from Kowloon Station stops just in front of the hotel . Very trendy,unique property , nice and helpful staff and fabulous atmosphere in

the hotel has a interesting decoration stile,everything is special and nice .

when walking into the Luxe Manor you know right away it is a different hotel very cute and funky with the funky furniture and lamps and walls in the lobby my sister and i could not wait to see our rooms. We arrived at about 6am and were pleasantly surprised they had a room for us. When we got there it was a tad on the small side however it was so damn cute and funky we did n't mind ! We were there to shop after all and not to stay in the hotel. However the funkiness was a plus. All the usual amenities were available however there are 24 hour 7elevens in the street as well as a grocery store so no big deal really everything u need was available .

we had a 2 day stop over in Hong Kong on the way home from Bali. We were picked up in a car that was incredibly hard to find - they do n't wait for you with a sign .

the Luxe Manor is the perfect place for Hongkong visitors who do n't want to stay in one of the big , generic hotels. Very good service , very nice atmosphere and - most important - right in the middle of everything without being noisy. The rooms are not too big but nice and very clean. The subway is 5 minutes. Star ferry 10-15 minutes. Restaurants and bars just around the corner. Breakfast is fine , not Asian but good value and included in the rate. We loved our stay and will be back ! All in all very good value for the price. And : Spend the money and use the limousine service from the airport ! ! ! That was special !

we loved the Luxe Manor , it is such a fun quirky hotel , the rooms aren â € ™ t massive but big enough , and our room was spotlessly clean. We like the small touches like free internet access if you had your own laptop etc , the chocolate at turn down , the free bottled water , the welcome beer or cocktail. The staff were friendly and helpful , the location was very good a short walk to the harbour , or to one of the many shopping areas , or mtr , so very handy to everything. The only negative we had was the breakfast it was not the best with so much choice of fab food around I would suggest going out for breakfast. We would definitely recommend this hotel if you fancy something different from the normal larger 4-5 * hotel chains .

possibly the best validation of the high marks I have seen written about the Luxe Manor by previous clients on tripadvisor.com , was the praise of my boutique-hotel-weary wife .

exellent Location , only few steps away from Nathan road. Tsim Tsa Tsui metro station is about 300 m. but there is no view at all.. Although our room was premier it was tiny with a tiny double bed. We changed room to twin beds which was bigger. Our room was at 4th floor and the noise was unbearable at the night. Hotel and rooms are stylish and different. Cable Internet connection s 100 HKD per night .

i visit Hong Kong 3 or 4 times a year for business &amp ; normally stay over at the Hyatt , but decided to try The Luxe Manor after hearing some good things about the hotel .

great hotel- great staff- fab rooms .

a great little hotel located about 10 mins walk from TST MRT station. I loved the kitsch dog lamps and big bureau housing the mini bar ! The rooms are a little small , but are fine and make the most of the space with a flat screen tv and shower rooms without baths. The shower was excellent after a day wandering around in the heat of Hong Kong !

the easiest way to the hotel from the airport would be to take the free shuttle from Kowloon station. Unfortunately this shuttle is infrequent and does n't run during late hours , so we took a taxi which whisked us there within 10 minutes .

the room was a bit cramped for 2 people with 2 suitcases , but the whimsical design more than make up for it. There is a mixture of loud colors with unique furnishing , but everything works to give the room a 'Dali ' feel. The TV was mounted in a frame on the wall above a fake fireplace .

my boyfriend and I spent New Years in Hong Kong and booked 6 nights at The Luxe. I had read good reviews on the tripadvisor website so was keen to see if it would meet my expectations .

stayed here for 3 nights on a stopover as we fancied something different to your usual large hotel .

the hotel is nice , new and very modern. I was impressed with the interiors and the look of the hotel .

i stayed at the Luxe manor for two nights in August. The hotel is very centrally located in Kowloon just a few metres off Nathan Rd and within five minutes walk from Canton Road and all the other attractions in Kowloon. Kimberley Rd itself is safe and clean .

this is not my first time at the The Luxe Manor , and I have stayed in many HK hotels , so I can say that TLM is one of the best value for $ $ $ hotel .

i think I may have just found my favourite boutique city hotel in Asia ! Every bit of The Luxe Manor was nothing short of stunning from start to finish. From the dramatic entrance , to the dream-like lobby , to the guest room that will make your jaw drop -- this place is a designer 's dream come true although I suspect the designer might have been on something when they were designing this place , but the results are fantastic .

this hotel is about as far from a quality boutique hotel as you can get. You arrive and it all looks ok and then you meet the staff. Unfortunately , they think they own the place. A blank stare greets you. I do n't know about you but I 'm ready to slap any front of house staff that takes that tone. Do n't arrive early because you will be promptly told to go for a walk until a room is available. Ok I understand that the rooms may not be available when you arrive at around 12.00 noon but normally you 're politely asked to take a seat and relax until the room is ready. Why do these new boutique hotel always allow photo shoots to happen in their lobby when paying guest are arriving and would like to use the seating provided. The film crew had taken over the whole lobby and there was no where to sit. The rooms have nothing to do with S.Dali. He would roll over and die again if he knew his name was attached to this place. Dali 's art was clever and resolved. The room we stayed in was silly and had been decorated by a uni student who liked the idea of creating some crazy. The restaurant operator is obviously not attached to the hotel. The breakfast was quite good. Yes the muesli is excellent. They should clean the domestic espresso machine though because the coffee become incredibly bitter if they are not pulled apart and washed thoroughly often. I 've got the same one at home and if do n't do this the coffee is terrible which was the case at the Luxe. Stick to the English Tea. We booked for 2 nights and got the hell out of there after one night .

was so impressed by this hotel I wanted to make sure I wrote a review. After 12 hours on a plane from Europe we arrived before check-in only to have the staff try and find us a room early so we could freshen up. Outstanding. During our short stay I was constantly surprised by the level of service. Adaptors for appliances , no problem. Ironing board , no problem. Reservations and bookings , no problem. Wonderful. The decor as mentioned by others is certainly different. Not my cup of tea , but appreciated the individuality. Not sure what other reviewers were saying about the room size. I booked a Premier room second smallest available and it was more than ample. Definitely spacious enough for two people. Breakfast was also great. Lots of healthy selections as well as some hot offerings ! Great location and for the price I would definitely stay there again. Book this hotel. You wo n't be disappointed .

my partner and I stayed at the Luxe Manor for 4 nights. The best thing about it is its location. Right smack in Kowloon , along Kimberly Road which is walking distance from malls , small street shops , and restaurants. The service was efficient , but was a bit disappointed when they couldnt really help me when I asked assistance for a birthday cake. The room was clean , decor was funky , but was a wee bit too tiny for us. My partner and I hardly fit in the small/soft double bed and our feet was always dangling...mind you , we are not big people. We couldnt even use the bathroom together without bumping into each other or without bumping into a corner. But it just made us laugh , we had comic moments. The breakfast was very simple , paper napkins , and food that didnt really require cooking skills..nothing fancy at all. They are also renovating , so the hammering and drilling woke us up every morning at 930am which wasnt too bad..it served as an alternate alarm clock since the alarm clock they gave us in the room wasnt working .

my boyfriend and I stayed for 10 nights at the Luxe Manor and it was fantastic. The bus from the Airport Express stops directly outside and porters were extremely efficient. Check in was easy and we were shown directly to our room. The rooms look exactly like the pictures on the website but started to feel a bit small and cluttered once my shopping bags started collecting. The decor is whimsical and amusing and helped me remember I was n't on a business trip. Although the amenities in this hotel would be great if I were .

i love this hotel. This is the hotel which is as beautiful as its photos .

on arrival at Hong Kong Airport I took the train to Kowloon Station and then the shuttle bus from there. Very easy .

my sister and I stayed at the Luxe Manor in February - she stayed for 5 nights and I stayed for 2 before we moved to the Island. We have been to Hong Kong every year for about the last 20 years and nearly always split the trip between Kowloon and the Island side. We love both sides equally so this saves a lot of trips back and forwards .

this was a wonderful experience in a very busy city. The hotel is almost new. The decor is really out there and not my style , i.e. ultra modern and artistic as decribed on thier web site but immaculate and comfortable. We had a superior room that for Hong Kong Kowloon was a terrific buy at $ 173 per night. It included a very nice breakfast and wi fi. Location is superb for shopping and sightseeing. We also opted for the HK $ 550 limo service that they offered @ $ USD70 . It was only about $ 15 more than a taxi and they picked us up in a brand new Mercedes S class car , loaded our luggage from the airport to the car and put it in the lobby of the hotel for us to check in. After 15 hours of flying , it was a welcome experience and well worth the money. We thought is was a good enough value that we opted to do the same on the return. There is also a high speed train that is very reasonable , but we had 4 good size pieces of luggage so that was out for us. The hotel is wonderful , the personel are most helpful and speak English very well and the restaurant is top qualitiy , but not a great value. I recommed this hotel .

the room was a bit on the small side , as mentioned in previous reviews , but fine in comparison to other big cities. We had a superior room and the design was quirky , good bathroom &amp ; shower and overall good facilities .

we have never been to Asia before and so did n't know what to expect. The Luxe Manor hotel is small , friendly , clean , comfortable , and located in a good spot for tourists. When we arrived we were told we had been upgraded to a larger room. The bedroom/storage was quaint and adequate , the bathroom/shower great. I would n't have liked to have been in a smaller room though , as there was not a great deal of space as it was. However , we soon got used to it and settled in as you do after the first night ! . Breakfast was limited but of high standard and fresh. The staff are all eager to please , and will offer good advice when planning your days activities. There is no bar if you like a nightcap. Always the mini-bar I suppose .

this hotel definitely is a boutique hotel. It 's very similar to hotels I 've stayed in in Paris and London. The prices are very reasonable for Hong Kong. The location is great , and the service so far has been excellent. It 's about 3-4 blocks from the MTR .

this hotel is indeed unique in decoration , very excellent in location in between TST and Jordan station , and very clean .

this hotel is really great.... unique style a little bit like Versace style , great location for shopping located directly in Kowloon where your credit card starts to glow , the rooms are new , very modern and absolutely perfect !

the hotel decor is what attracted me to this hotel and the fact that they included breakfast in the price .

i have just returned from a stay at the Luxe Manor and wanted to let everyone know what a treat it was to stay at this boutique hotel. The individual touch was apparent and attention to detail was consistent from the unique design , the cleanliness and room service through to all interactions with the staff. It is apparent that the staff is well trained and very professional .

other comments could be described correctly i think .

luxe Manor Hotel Kowloon

great location , loved the decor and the little treats each day

we stumbled across the Luxe Manor and after reading the positive reviews decided to give it a try at the expense of the Grand Hyatt where we would normally stay whilst in HK. We payed for the top room- the Deluxe , in order to gain a bit more space and make the trip just that little more special. We checked in via the stuffy staff at reception and were taken to our room , a 3rd floor of 14 floors room which overlooked the aircon towers and the neighbouring building. I contacted reception prior to unpacking our bags thinking there must be some sort of mix up- &quot ; we will try and sort something out sir&quot ; was the response. To cut a long stort short , we did not hear from them again until we checked out and aside from breakfast which we rated as reasonable the place is lame. There is no Deluxe room , just a deluxe pricetag for a room which is no different to the others in the hotel. The service is average , the follow up non existent although the decor is somewhat funky and well done.If you want boutique that is done well ie/ Cote Cours hotels then you will sadly be disappointed with this Kowloon joke ! 2 out of 10 and never again !

googling 'Boutique hotels ' in Hong Kong I came across this gem and happily they had a 3 night special - the exact length of time I planned to stay. I 'd always hoped to stay in one of the new style of modern 'designer ' hotels and thought it beyond my reach - but this place is exceptional value. It has awesome decor which admittedly will be very dated in 5 years ' time - but right now , it 's hot ! It is a true sanctuary , superbly located just a walk from the Star Ferry/ MTR etc. Stepping in off the busy street is such a relief. The staff - from the manager to the cleaners - are without fail polite , helpful and friendly. The rooms are funky , comfortable and spotless. Breakfast could be a little better , but that 's about the only thing I could fault - the Luxe Manor is fantastic and a bargain - I wo n't be staying anywhere else in Hong Kong that is for sure .

took advantage of the hotel promotion &amp ; stayed 3 nites @ Luxe Manor. Go check out the hotel website if you 're planning to stay there anytime this year. The winter special offer is unbeatable value !

in Hong Kong there is a new style of hotel emerging and the Luxe Manor is at the top end of the scale ! While light on facilities it more then makes up with very stylish rooms , great services- staff we that can do attitude and an amazing restaurant - Aapasia !

be impressed with the hotel 's lobby - from the bell-adorned huge doors to the artsy mosaic floor , the unusual chandeliers and surreal sofas. The room decor and furnishing is funky , you will not mind the size of the room. Flat screen TV framed like a painting is creative and the faux fireplace is so cool. Bed linens are of high count to ensure sweet dreams. Bathroom design &amp ; fixtures are modern with clean , fluffy towels. Room amenities are complete - wifi internet connection , wireless phone - you ca n't ask more. Turn in service ca n't be more pleasing : it includes bite-size cookies and cakes for midnight cravings. The Aspasia restausrant is tastefully decorated and the food and service is superb. Just behind the hotel is Knutsford Terrace where you can find a variety of good restaurants and bars. Conveniently located , the Kowloon park where you can go swimming in the public pools is just a walking distance. So is the the TST MRT station , China Ferry terminal , star ferry terminal and the world of shopping. Best of all , it is moderately priced. This boutiqe hotel sure provides the best value !

