this is the first time I am staying in Empire Hotel Causeway Bay and I would say it turned from a fantastic first impression to a nightmare. I have stayed in another hotel in the same vicinity a couple of times before but decided to stay here this time as it was a new hotel so decided to try it out .

we stayed there for 3 days.we were their only for nights , never used bfast or anything. but i need to say room and bathroom is very well maintained , there was LCD with few local channels n few ozi channels. it is near to tin hau metro station and very well connected to other parts. i would like to visit again .. .

i like thier toilet very much , it is the glass but you can turn the switch to make it blur to aviod your friend to see in. another one thing is LCD TV is very big but the room is quite i know spaces in HK is very expensive I can see the building of city from my room. One of modern and best hotel .

after returning from Star Aquarius cruise , we stayed 1 night in this hotel. It was a good hotel , nice clean rooms &amp ; good service .

to summarise , the Empire Hotel in Causeway Bay is an excellent 4 star hotel , offering extremely modern , comfortable rooms and is great value for money. It is conveniently located just outside the Causeway Bay shopping district and within a few minutes â € ™ walk of the MTR Tin Hau station .

i have been to HK several times and have always stayed with relatives who live across the road from this hotel and therefore familiarity of the area is one of the main reasons why I chose to stay here. It is not in Causeway Bay however , it is a nice 10-15minute walk through Victoria Park to reach Causeway Bay .

i went to this hotel only 3 days 2 nights. I quite surprised to see this hotel at the first time because it 's very clean and good for travel business trip. The room is a little small but I sleep alone so it 's really fine for me. The bad thing about this hotel is no wifi and you have to pay for internet 40HKD / hour . And another thing as I travel a lot .

although it 's called Empire Hotel Causeway Bay , it is actually located in Tin Hau , a 5-10 minute walk from the Tin Hau MTR station. So do n't be fooled like us and get off at Causeway Bay station ! Tin Hau is a residential area with minimal restaurants &amp ; shops , in other words , not much to do. If we went to Hong Kong again , we will definitely choose a better location , where the hustle and bustle is so we can just walk down the street to go shopping , drinks , clubbing , food etc and not have to catch the MTR back to Tin Hau everyday .

i stayed at Empire for 12 days in total during my trip to Hong Kong. I initially booked only for 5 nights and booked additional 7 nights after my stay. I was able to get it for $ 52 per night including buffet breakfast for two. Great bargain for the price. The hotel is close to MTR. There are many local restaurants at the corner of the hotel. The drawback is the elevator. Since there are no sign on the limit of people in the elevator , one of the two elevators is constantly out of order. I defintely will come back again .

this place was great for what you pay. The hotel is less then 1 year old. One of the cheaper quality hotels in HK and close to subway station and other shops. The room was kinda compact but the space works and the HD lcd flat panel tv on the wall saves alot of space and looks great. There is a safe built into a cabinet where u set the password , very helpful as it fit my laptop and passports. The washroom has an interesting design with magic glass that can become clear or opaque with a switch. The A/C was very powerful and could make the room a fridge if you wanted. The hotel is at the far end of causeway bay but there is still a 7/11 just down the road as well as a MC D. There is also a grocery store if you cross through an alley next to sanitation station across from hotel. A subway station is just 3 blocks behind hotel.The transit system is great there. Victoria park is also just blocks away. Service was pretty decent , do n't really order room service but was fast checkin and out. I recommend this hotel if you want to save money and still have a decent hotel .

i stayed at the Empire Causewaya bay from 29th of July to 2nd of Aug , as recommended by my travel agents as the rate is interesting HKD $ 550 per nite net .

we stayed for 2 nights and could have stayed more. The hotel is of 4 * class except for the the size of the rooms. But this is Hong Kong ? The location is excellent , very close to the MTR , shops , resturants , and parks. There were a few quirks elevators but for the price it is excellent.. We had a great breakfast at an European like place on nearby Electric Road and had our laundry done across from the hotel. Both were very reasonable. We thought about staying on Nathen Road and were so glad we did n't after seening it. We liked this area so much better .

i 'm staying at the hotel as I write this. I lived in Hongkong 15 years ago and have been back here frequently for business staying at most hotels that are budget priced. This is not to pan the previous reviewer but you got ta get realistic. This place is undoubtedly the best value , I still ca n't believe the price. Perhaps it 's new and they are doing a special. This is the only review I 've ever written here and I 'm doing it because I 'm compelled to do it by the incredible value I 've gotten .

the Good :

booked initially for 2 nites only but upon arrival decided to stay for 6 nites. located a couple of blocks from victoria park , next to electric road which has bakeries , little restaurants , laundry , etc. couple of blocks walk to tin hau mtr station .

i second everything the previous reviewer wrote. I would always rather stay at a new or newer hotel. The hotel is almost adjacent to Victoria Park , which is a really relaxing place. The eating extends all the way east to the adjacent area of North Point along both Electric Ave. and Causeway Road. It 's a very interesting area .

empire Hotel is a well known Hong Kong hotel chain but this hotel is brand new it was opened less than a month when we stayed there . First of all , its NOT in Causeway Bay but in the next area called Tin Hau. They probably called it Causeway Way because that 's a far more popular and marketable location. However , this hotel is not badly located at all. Its just 5 mins walk to the Tin Hau MTR station which is one stop from Causeway Bay . The biggest bonus about the location is that its located right in the middle of the eating street of Tin Hau with all sorts of local , Asian and foreign restaurants .

