what can i say about this Hotel ? It is very grand and opulent. RoomService was superb- really good pasta in a timely manner ! The bathroom was nice , especially with the TV in the bathroom too !

the Peninsula exceeded our high expectations ! It is off the 5-star scale .

the best urban hotel in Asia. Extraordinary rooms and service. Cleanliness , dignity , goodness , and comfort. My only plaint is the location : Kowloon. A more average locale in light of the hotel 's gloriousness. Of course the Pen. is expensive , but well worth it. $ 500US for a great , big , beautiful room. Great fresh fruit at breakfast. Amazing lighting and AC. Free WiFI. Felix trendy bar up top is overrated. Tea downstairs is also overrated , but perhaps worth a whirl. The lounge in the basement , Madame Ning 's is loud and silly but fun .

just returned from 9 days stay at the Peninsula. From arrival to departure the service was slick , and all attention to detail were present. We are regular travellers to Hong Kong/ Singapore and have stayed in the other chains eg oriental / intercontinental / shangri-la and I must say for us the Peninsula topped ! ! It might not suit everyone though especially with strict dress codes and old fashioned values but for us it was right up our street .

just stayed at the Peninsula in Hong Kong again and enjoyed it just as much as we had previously .

we got upgraded to a Harbour View room , and it was amazing .

the moment we arrived at the airport , we were received by the Guest Service Agent of the hotel as well as the airport staffs. The man from the hotel sorry i forgot his name was there to make sure everything goes well and to take care of anything that we may need. We were then chauffered away in the hotel 's signature limo , the Rolls Royce. the journey took about 45 minutes or so .

this was our second time to the Peninsula and the welcome back was exceptional. We were met at the airport by our personal attendant who escorted us and our luggage to our waiting Rolls. We were met at the hotel by staff who are well trained in international etiquette and our transition from long flight to suite was flawless. You are tended to with exceptional service that makes you feel like royalty. Absolutely perfect .

we alerted the hotel that we were celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary and they made this a celebration that we will remember for the rest of our lives ! Upgraded to the Peacock Suite- corner suite on the 23rd floor- floor to ceiling windows in every room , including a harbour view from the Jacuzzi. Champagne and cake and a butler awaiting us upon our arrival. Restaurant reservations were made by the concierge in advance and were perfect .

this hotel is simply one of the best. Staff are great and accommodating. Rooms are beautiful. I usually stay at modern looking hotels but this one had a very nice atmosphere to it despite its nostalgic charm .

ok - difficult one this. We used to live in Hong Kong some 14 years ago and whilst wanting to visit the Peninsula we never did find the opportunity. It was an experience I regretted missing so when the opportunity arose to spend a couple of nights there we leapt at the chance. Was I disappointed or was I ecstatic ? Neither really - the old lady certainly lived up to my expectations of a &quot ; grand hotel&quot ; with some gems - the swimming pool for example , the size of the room , the attention to detail but equally some things disappointed - the lack of tea making facilities , the lack of flowers in the room , the expectation that you would have a blouse ironed rather than leaving an iron in the room , the fact that the room smelt of , well , damp. We stayed elsewhere in another 5 * hotel for the other 2 nights of our stay at about a third less in cost - equally good - but if I 'm talking about cost then I accept that maybe I 'm missing the point.......... .

i visit HKG every month and stay in some nice hotels the Four Seasons , Mandarian etc . I realised that after 4 years of visiting I had not stayed in the Pen...so I spen four nights there this month .

on the evening of September 18 , 2009 at approximately 7 : 30 p.m. I was at The Peninsula Hotel in Hong Kong. My husband and I were meeting a friend for cocktails at The Felix Club/Bar. However , I was refused entry due to my Birkenstock footwear. The staff said since they did n't a have heel no half moon shaped heel glued to the sole on them so they were not acceptable shoes as they were neither fully leather nor did they have a heel , thus were considered beach shoes. Meanwhile I 'm neatly dressed in smart casual clothes - a sleeveless polo shirt with a collar and a skirt. The Birkenstocks I had on , patent leather Gizeh thongs with a suede lined footbed , are a high quality , well-made shoe. In order to gain entrance the staff suggested that I go out and buy a pair of sandals with heels for 30 dollars. Anything with a heel , no matter how small would do they said .

another stay at the Penn : - not quite as good as in previous years .

i have stayed several times at the Peninsula and always found it to be extremely good. The staff and rooms have always been lovely and I have greatly enjoyed my visits there. This trip I arrived to find a confusion over the room booking which took two hours to sort out. After an 11 hour flight , however , most people want to shower and change clothes immediately , so this delay was quite uncomfortable. This was eventually resolved and I was taken to the suite. This was not like the suites I have stayed in before. There were no plants or flowers and it seemed very bland and characterless. It was also at the back of the hotel overlooking some extensive roadworks. Other than this the hotel was good. Although on previous stays staff members tend to remember your name this time I may as well have been one of the many tourist visitors that wander through the lobby .

on our way to the Olympics in Beijing , we stopped in Hong Kong for three nights at the Peninsula. I have been fortunate to have traveled all over the world and to stay in many exceptional hotels , but the overall experience at The Peninsula in Hong Kong tops any hotel in which I have ever stayed. From the pick-up at the bottom of the jetway at Hong Kong 's huge international airport , to the Rolls Royce limo transfer to the hotel , to the in room check-in , to dinner our first night at the roof-top Felix restaurant , we were amazed and wowed at every turn by the Peninsula and its staff .

stayed at the Peninsula for five nights as the first leg of our family trip .

we stayed a single night taking advantage of an offer including a courtyard room racks at about HK $ 4000 + , 2 way Rolls-Royce transfer their fleet of 14 RRs is a Â £ 4m loss leader , breakfast and several small benefits for HK $ 2600 net .

my husband and I stayed here on the last leg of our 4 week honeymoon. When we arrived , a beautiful bouquet , box of handmade chocolates and bottle of good champagne awaited us how different from the start of our honeymoon when we stayed in a suite at , supposedly , the best hotel in Vancouver and received a bottle of undrinkable sparkling wine . My only negative comments were the Felix restaurant which I did n't think was particularly good and we went on Chinese New Year so you 'd expect something really fab ! and the afternoon tea which was disappointing. However , the pool was a delight and the hotel really was rather special !

my boyfriend surprised me with a trip to Hong Kong. As I did n't know I did n't have time to do my research. When we arrived at the airport a Rolls Royce was waiting for us to take us to the hotel. When we arrived we went striaght to the room where we checked in. There was no waiting at reception. The hotel and everyhting it brings was excellent. The only issues was high tea this can make the reception area very busy due to the tourists. However the staff always put the hotel guests first. The concierge was excellent and very helpful .

what a lovely stay - luxury beyong compare. Had two rooms - a beautiful courtyard room for the children , and a &quot ; beyong compare&quot ; stunning delux suite bigger than most homes in the world . Rooms were immaculate and decorated in the utmost of glamour. Hard to keep a poker face when first entering the suite - kids went crazy exploring. Beautiful dining room , &quot ; family room&quot ; , luxury bedroom , luxury bathroom and powder room , expansive walk in closets , and all the amenities your heart could ever desire and then some .

best in Kowloon. Quiet and peaceful oasis in the midst of the frenzied Kowloon activity. Exceptional staff provides flawless , unobtrusive service .

second stay at the Pen after a four year break , but many visits to HK. Wonderful service , harbour view room worth every penny to watch the comings and goings on the water front , and of course the light show each evening. Rooms beautifully equipped and room service superb. Staff wonderfully helpful retrieving a bag left on the incoming aircraft , yes you are are paying a hefty tariff but its worth it for the all round experience .

i 've visited Hong Kong before and stayed elsewhere and always had afternoon tea at the Peninsula 's lobby , vowing I would stay their on my return someday. They are running some specials and so it was a good value to stay here on this trip and it was spectacular. The view of the harbor is terrific , especially at night. And getting picked up at the airport in a Rolls Royce , well , let 's just say , THAT does n't happen all the time and I 'd better not get too used to it ! The furnishings are designer perfect and give a very relaxing effect. We used the pool and fitness center , enjoyed the bar scene in the evenings too. The service throughout the hotel was very friendly and top notch. The shops in the hotel are also of high quality and the prices are n't bad. The location is fine for taking the ferry and getting to major sights. I especially enjoyed visiting Aberdeen .

great hotel , wonderful atmosphere , friendly service,delicious breakfasts .

i 've visited Hong Hong on many occasion and the Peninsula remains the favorite. Others may be superior in one , or another category , but the Peninsula is the most elegant. This time we splurged on a corner suite that surpassed all expectations. Fresh flowers in each room , furnishings that best those in most designer homes and many small touches including a lovely tray of welcome chocolates , fresh fruit daily , a welcome gift in a beautiful lacquer box and an incredible spa tub in the corner with views over Kowloon. Views from the higher floor corner suites are amazing they come equipped with a telescope -- they were especially wonderful to watch Typhoon Molave batter the city below during our stay .

this was the first stop on our honeymoon and as such arranged a pick up from the airport in a Rolls Royce â € “ such luxury ! ! Our room was beautiful and had everything I could want , including a view of the harbour. My favourite things where breakfast in the lobby â € “ I â € ™ ve never seen such a fuss made over tea â € “ just fab ! ! And the pool areas where you can sunbathe and look over Hong Kong harbour .

there are not too many hotels that make you feel like their most important guest. Even in our humble taxi , pulling up along side the Peninsula â € ™ s gleaming fleet of green Rolls-Royce Phantoms made us feel , well rich !

stayed here during a flying visit to Hong Kong in April 2009. Great rooms and excellent service. Not sure about location as we spent our entire time in and being whisked between business meetings elsewhere .

after getting married in Hong Kong , my husband and I spent a couple of nights at the Peninsular before going on our honeymoon. We were unsure where to go as it was such a special occassion , but had many high recommendations. The hotel was great , the staff very helpful and nice without fawning too much .

i spent the weekend with my girlfriend in one of the superior harbour view suites. Normally that costs a large fortune but they are currently running a deal whereby if you pay rack price for the first night in a suite , the second night is free. So only a small fortune. And it was worth every cent. Well , kind of : Can such luxury ever be justified ?

the staff is helpful and friendly ; location is terrific. the river view , especially at night with the neon lights is awesome. Rooms are &quot ; not cheap&quot ; but worth the price.&quot ; In hotel&quot ; restaurants are good. The hotel is noted for it &quot ; High Tea&quot ; in the afternoons. Preference in seating if you are a guest ; wait in long line if you are n't. Highly recommend this property .

i had such high expectations of the Peninsula that I was bound to be disappointed. Other hotels I had been eager to try on this trip ie. The Oriental in Bangkok had been less than delightful , and the Peninsula has such a high reputation to meet. It could not have been a better experience. This is simply the best managed and most wonderful hotel in the world. I can not imagine a more hospitable and efficient staff exists anywhere. The hotel building itself is gorgeous , the room was incredible we had a suite , and the whole package was perfect. I am picky , we have complex needs traveling with children overseas for a long duration , and we were travel-weary upon arrival. I felt like we were wrapped up in a great big cashmere hug during our visit to the Peninsula , and I still dream of returning .

stayed for 3 nights with my Husband and Brother in feb 09 , what an amazing hotel , was picked up from the airport in one of the famous Rolls Royce Phantoms , for an extra charge but well worth it , checkin was done in the room so no hastle at all , fresh fruit and hand made chocolates on arrival and every night , perfect sevice and so clean and efficiant , loads of designer shops in the hotel so dont forget the credit card , Felix Bar on the top floor perfect for cocktails and views across Victoria Harbour , i definatly would would go back again , perfect .

when I left this hotel , the concierge gave me a teddy bear to take home â € “ she remembered that my young son had a birthday coming up. This is the sort of place the Peninsula is .

the Peninsula is a good hotel but it fell short of the high expectations I had , maybe because I stayed first at the superior Mandarin Oriental .

stayed at the Peninsula with my two children after having stayed there with my husband the previous year. My children are 7 and 10 and they were beautifully accommodated down to chocolates in the room and special bed linen. We were even told where it was not appropriate to take them in the hotel which was very helpful. We were upgraded to a harbour view suite which was absolutely amazing , it even had a small room for the luggage with its own door to the corridor .

the Peninsula Hong Kong is among good company in Hong Kong , although it is a clear stand out ! In Hong Kong there are so many hotels to choose from ; Mandain Oriental , Grand Hyatt , Four Seasons , etc.... I was able to have a meal at each of these establishments and thoroughly enjoyed all of them ! Even though we went here on vacation , I knew several people who lived in Hong Kong or on the island and were able to take me around to the various dining and shopping establishments. I shall talk about that later in my review. From the moment the green Rolls Royce picked us up from the airport we knew this was going to be an incredible stay a feature that guests are treated to free of charge , no matter the room rate or category . After a light traffic ride we arrived in the driveway. The Peninsula is a grand dame no doubt and is very towering and impressive. We stepped into the lobby and were taken to haven ! It is so beautiful and ornate. We were checked into our suite which was quick and efficient. Have absolutly no complaints about the suite. It was spacious , in the newer and taller tower and had an impressive view of the Hong Kong skyline and Victoria Harbour. We then decided to kick our week long stay off with a nice dinner at the hotel 's most formal restaurant , Gaddi 's. A local institution that has been around for many years serving high quality gourmet French cuisine. We would have never known we were not in Paris if it was not for the Cantonese writing on the menu , the service was impeccible and the food and atmosphere superb ! The next day by myself , I decided to check out the much anticipated Peninsula Shopping Arcade ! I was so impressed that I never bought a single thing outside the hotel , everything was inside ! ! ! All the designers you could think of to boot ! ! ! I also treated myself to afternoon tea in the hotel Lobby , even though i was going to have it the next day with a friend. This tea was the best of many throughout the entire trip and would definatly recommend it to a friend. I had put it at the top of a &quot ; to-do&quot ; list before we came and had hesitations it was going to be a tourist trap when I saw the amount of people but once again in Peninsula fashion , the serive , atmostphere and food quality all delivered. NOT TO MENTION THE TEA SELECTION ! Which was one of the largest I have ever seen in a restaurant. That night for dinner , we were treated to a cocktail reception and dinner at the hotel 's Felix which is located at the top of the tower. I really enjoyed the quite modern restaurant compared to the more subttle Gaddi 's but found it enjoyable and fun. I opted to again not explore the city the next day and call my friend to see if she could take me out shopping. She took me to Causeway Bay , Hong Kong 's verision of a Times Square or Picadelly Circus. The Lee Gardens Mall 1 and 2 were absolutly stunning and had just a selection that the hotel had in their shops. We then sauntered over to the financial district to the also famous Mandarin Oriental Hotel which had just opened after a multi million dollar rennovation. My friend being a regular there and everywhere else we went , recieved an extremely warm welcome and were given a table , even though we did n't have a reservation , in the Clipper Lounge to take afternoon tea. There were many people who also did not have reservations that were turned away who looked rather upset but we did n't care ! ! ! The tea here was also fantastic although not as much of a production as the Peninsula ! The setting is also a little more laid back and casusal just off the main Lobby instead of in the middle of it like the Pen ! That night for dinner at the hotel again , this time in Spring Moon a traditional Shanghai restaurant . This is a beautiful two story dining room that is modelled after a 1920/30s Shanghai nightclub/supperclub but is also very glamorous in an old world way. We were served a combination of dim sum and Peking duck and had a wonderful time again. The food fest continued the next day when I met my friend as reserved for Sunday Brunch at the Grand Hyatt ! A beautiful buffett at Tiffin the hotel 's casual restaurant although very large and somewhat noisy ! It offered a lovely view of the surrounding cool office buildings and had a very casual lounge like setting with an impressive display of food ! One of the best brunches I have ever had ! We then ventured out to Ocean Park , Hong Kong 's most popular theme park where we had great fun the rest of the day on the rides and seeing the animal shows. She and her driver then dropped me off at the hotel where since I was running a little late , practically ran to the restaurant we were having dinner at , Chesa again the Pen . With absolutly stunning Swiss cuisnine , a group of us ordered fondue and raclette in various versions and loved every single one ! This was probably the most friendly fun dinner of the entire trip. The next day , I chose to book a tour so that I could really see Hong Kong , this included a trip to Victoria Peak , Star Ferry Cruise and of course lunch at Jumbo , the floating restaurant. Jumbo offers nice food but has tourist trap spelled out ALL OVER IT. The only I would not advise doing but oh well. That night I suggested that we venture out of the hotel for dinner at went back to the Mandarin Oriental in Central , however instead of the Clipper Lounge we went to the very upscale Pierre on the top floor. This french restaurant was a cross between the Pen 's Gaddis and Felix. It was great and was similar to Joel Robuchon 's Atelier restaurant series in my mind ! The next day my friend took me to Lantau Island which is where Disney World or Land is located ! Having been to both California and Florida this does not even come close but was rather enjoyable seeing as how I adore Disney anything ! I then met the group at the Four Seasons Hotel again in Central for our last dinner in Hong Kong , because my friend lives at the Four Seasons. We had dinner at one of their two signature restaurants , the French one obviously , Caprice. It was absolutly stunning , again high quality French food. This restaurant had a fantastic view of Kowloon and the Harbour we could even see our hotel lit up ! ! I really really enjoyed my entire trip to Hong Kong and would certainly go back in a heartbeat ! I preferred it over Beijing for sure ! Our final day , we ate breakfast as we did every morning in Verandah and then packed into the complimentary Rolls Royce that took us to the airport this time about a 40 minute ride ! We then flew on to our next Chinese destination .

my husband and I stayed here on our Honeymoon in November. We booked the Rolls Royce transfer which was absolutely amazing , such a nice way to be greeted when you arrive off a long haul flight .

my husband and I stayed at The Peninsula a few summers ago while on holiday in Asia. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and about as 5 star as it gets ! Gorgeous lobby , and gorgeous rooms complete with marble bathrooms , flat screen tv 's , and nightly turn down service complete with heated slippers and chilled Evian by the bed .

my son and I stayed at The Peninsula Hotel in Hong Kong during a trip to China. We absolutely loved it ! The rooms were luxurious , the service superb , and the food divine. I have never enjoyed a hotel stay more .

stayed 4 nights in this hotel and if it is not perfection , it is as close as you could ever get .

the sheer luxury of this hotel will not disappoint. It seems a little impersonal and busy when you arrive to find dozens of people all having afternoon tea in the lobby , but once in the sanctury of your room , its absolutely amazing .

my wife and I had the pleasure to stay at the Peninsula during our Christmas 2007-New Year 2008 holiday...It was our first trip to Hong Kong and we really wanted to stay at the Peninsula based on its reputation...The experience lived up to very high expectations...The hotel manages to blend the traditional with the modern...The lobby is bright and open and filled with white marble and columns accented with Chinese prints...The rooms we had a harbour view room are decorated in a classical Chinese style yet have all of the modern amenities...The view of the harbour was mesmerizing...I could have stayed in the room all night to watch the lights of Hong Kong and the ships in the harbour...The spa area was lovely but my wife said the treatments were only OK...One note , the hotel is on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong not on the main island ...This gives you the best views but there is arguably more to do on the main island .

spent 3 nights at the Peninsula in January 2009. My wife and I booked a &quot ; Deluxe Harbour View&quot ; room. Although the room was very expensive , we feel it was worth the money. The view completely takes your breath away every time you enter the room .

stayed at the Peninsula HK for 5 nights , just after Christmas. Stayed at a deluxe King sized bed room and found it to be spacious , comfortable , although not over-the-top luxurious e.g. , no espresso maker , high tech ipod audio system , etc . Rooms done in very tasteful and classy manner. Pure old school and done very well .

i stayed two nights at the Peninsula at it was probably the most memorable hotel stay I ever had. Everything in this hotel is about high end quality : The service , the furniture , the food. The club sandwich I ordered was the most delicious sandwich imaginable. The 5h o Â ´ clock tea time in the hall was excellent. Highly recommended is the spa with a fanastic view on Hong Kong bay. If you want to enjoy the atmosphere and luxury on one of the best hotels in the world , check in at the Peninsula .

was spending time in HK but did n't stay at the Peninsula. Went there for the high tea and have the following comments :

what a disappointment. We had a deluxe harbour view room on 21st floor. When we walked into the room we would have walked straight back out again if it had n't been for the view. The rooms have no character and need refurbishment. I must admit that the bathroom was fantastic .

when I was a student visiting Hong Kong about 12 years ago , I stayed in a grotty place on Nathan Road and swore that next time I was in Hong Kong , I would stay at the Peninsula. The opportunity arose recently when my wife and I decided to make an overnight stop on the way to New Zealand .

hotel interior is as usual grand but definately not the best as in some others .,probably in the good old days yes , its the best interior but with so many newer 5 star hotels that have better lobby.Hotels staff in the reception is good but cant be said about the other staff in the lobby where the grace n smiles r obviously missing.Looks like Courtesy is not a priority here .Must avoid the Verandah at the first floor,service is bad n food is miserly little.My house maids have more grace n manners serving meals.,not befitting a 5 star status.Plates n spoons etc r not laid ont the table in a nice way,more of been forced to perform n also there is no eyes contact at all with the customers.Only good things about this is the limousine service n the airport pickup which of cos been paid for at a high cost.Other than that i cant say much good things about this hotel.Sometimes im confused by some reviews that say that the lobby is extraordinary which i dont think so.I think its ok but definately noit a must see attraction .

my first recommendation as a Peninsula guest is to pre-book a Rolls Royce transfer upon arrival at Hong Kong Intl Airport. At the arrival gate , you are met by an airport staff who escorts you through immigrations and help you to collect your luggage. What a shame I flew Cathay Pacific Â ´ s first class and automatically was the first passenger to disembark the Boeing 747.. .

we spent 5 nights in this hotel as part of our honeymoon and have no hesitation in saying it is the best hotel we 've ever stayed in .

stayed there for one night in November â € ™ 08 .

wonderful hotel ! We loved the location and the whole experience. The morning breakfast in the lobby is awesome. It is broken up in the multiple courses , we loved it. A word of caution , we came down one morning as American tourists ready to go for a day of walking around and I think I was wearing flip flops. The waiter was very polite but asked me the return in pants and shoes for breakfast there. Maybe a little over the top formal but worth it and it created a nice feel .

we 've stayed all over the world and continue to feel that this hotel is the best in the world. The service is understated but really fabulous ; the restaurants are varied and excellent ; the location and views ca n't be beat ; and the gym has absolutely everything you want. Tea in the lobby is fabulous , and you should definitely stay here if you can .

this was my Hong Kong Heaven. Upon arrival at the airport the Peninsula staff greeted us directly from the aircraft and guided us to the waiting Rolls Royce. We were checked in with speed and we had originally booked a Deluxe Harbour View Room but were upgraded to a Deluxe Harbour View Suite. The suite was on a corner so the windows overlooked the harbour and star ferry site. A good size with lobby , lounge , bedroom , dressing area and a fabulous bathroom with a jacuzzi bath which was surrounded by windows overlooking the city. We were located on the 19th floor in suite 1915. The room had fresh fruit daily , we took breakfast in the suite every day as the Peninsula has a strict policy of no flip flops or sandals in any of the restaurants which was a pain as due to the humidity this is all I had with me. Trainers or enclosed shoes are the only acceptable footwear no matter how fancy your sandals or flip flops might be ! Breakfast was limited and they only had smoked bacon. You pretty much got what the menu dictated and extras were not readily offered. Drinks in the lobby were on average Â £ 8 for tea or hot chocolate. No kettle in the room so this was the only option unless you wanted to go out of the hotel. The hotel view was fabulous on a clear day and the hotel is centrally located for Hong Kong transportation and Kowloon central shopping district. The Concierge service , particularly Edwin and Jackie , were amazing. This is a 5 star deluxe hotel and I enjoyed every moment. The gym and pool facilities were excellent , the spa was a little overpriced but what I would expect from this type of hotel. The bar at the top of the hotel , Felix , was disappointing and was actually quite tacky considering the prices and rating of the hotel. Overall we enjoyed our stay here and felt it was in a great location with good views and a great place to end our trip .

when we walked through the doors of the Peninsula we knew we were in for a good time , the service was faultless from start to finish. Checking in was swift and efficient and we were personally shown up to the room. Our room faced the side street and for a city centre the room was pretty big , spotlessly clean and came with a huge bathroom with separate walk in shower. Everything you could ever think of wanting was available in the room and a floor butler was on call for anything else .

the Peninsula is the best known hotel in Hong Kong. Having first opened in 1928 , it has been witness to a significant part of the region 's history. Often referred to as &quot ; The Pen,&quot ; it has been hailed as one of the world 's finest hotels since its opening. Created in the glamorous 1920s , the legendary &quot ; Grande Dame of the Far East&quot ; epitomizes the confluence of Western and Eastern cultures â € ” a blend of the best of occidental and oriental hospitality in an atmosphere of unmatched classical grandeur and timeless elegance .

after reading all the wonderful reviews of this hotel and my pleasant experience recently at the Peninsula , Beijing , I decided to stay 3 nights at the Peninsula Hotel , Hong Kong just a few days ago .

hello,

returned to the Peninsula hotel in May 2008 and was immediately impressed by their new meet and greet service at the airport on arrival. We were met as we stepped off the jet way and whisked through passport control , handed off to a Peninsula staff member and taken to our car which happened to be one of the new RR black Phantoms. On arrival at the Peninsula we were even upgraded which is where the problem started. Arriving late we ordered a room service snack , 50 minutes later we had to chase up room service , a further 20 minute wait brought a cold and inedible snack. Not what one expects from a Premier hotel. If this was the premiership the hotel would be fighting relegation.To be fair the duty manager the following day did everything to rectify the situation .

we booked a couple of stays at fairly shortly before we arrived and unfortunately were not able to score ourselves a harbour view room or reasonably priced suite on either time so went for a Deluxe Courtyard View room and also a Grand Deluxe Kowloon view room .

the only way to desciribe this hotel is -The Worlds Best-

stayed at the Peninsula Hong Kong for a couple of nights in May. If this is your first time in Hong Kong , either make sure you have several nights in town , or do n't stay at the Peninsula .

i have stayed in some fantastic , 5-star hotels , but this is The One. The Peninsula Hong Kong is The Best Hotel that I have ever stayed in .

we stayed at the Peninsula Hong Kong on two occassions in June 2008. Previoiusly I was a Hong Kong Ritz Carlton loyalist but this property has been shut down for redevelopment giving me an opportunity to experience the wonderful Peninsula Hong Kong .

during the Christmas break , we decided to book a short 2 night stay at the Peninsula Hong Kong. We were celebrating our Anniversary and had revealed this information while booking our room , a Superior Harbour View Suite .

even i have been more than 20 times to hong kong and stayed in many hotels this was our first stay at the peninsula

i can not say enough about how much love I have for this place. I was in Hong Kong for the first time on a business trip , and this place made me feel right at home. We were greeted at the bottom of the ramp of the airplane and whisked away on a cart to the customs entrance. After leaving customs , we were met again at the door and taken to the Mercedes they deeply apologized that the Rolls were unavailable at the time of our arrival . Upon our arrival at the hotel , we were greeted by a cheerful young man by the name of Wingo who quickly checked us in and then showed us up to our room .

we arranged the Rolls Royce transfer to collect us which was lovely. A staff member met us off the plane and took us to immigration where there was a huge queue so they went on ahead and collected our luggage .

beautiful hotel - great Asian flair .

different class of luxury. We used the Rolls Royce airport transfer which is well worth it. Had a suite which was huge. Amazing service and standard of hotel , this hotel sets the benchmark for me !

my wife and I went there for a weekend getaway and anniversary celebration , and we had a wonderful time together .

i decided to take my wife for ou 15th wedding anniversary to a top hotel without the chidren and chose what is supposed to be the best in Hong Kong. The Rolls royce transfer was great , the welcome and the view as well , the room had zero default. I organise flowers to be put on the rooms on arrivals that were not there.... , we booked for afternoon tea on arrival. An hour later we were waiting ten minutes in the lobby on the side of a huge queue , the table was set up for 4 , there was 2 of us , the service was hectic fast , unpersonnal , you could see that this was a money factory machine , a shame for this great lobby. I wanted to leave asked four times for the bill , I left without signing at the end , but is was still charged on check out .

if being made to feel welcome is important to you then stay well clear ; go to the Mandarin Oriental instead

we decided to splurge for our first three nights in Hong Kong , so we stayed at The Peninsula. While it was a bit pricey , it was well worth it .

i have been to Hong Kong many times and always wanted to stay here .

stayed at the Peninsula for two nights whilst attending wedding in Hong Kong. The &quot ; Pen&quot ; is 80 years old this year and is reputed to be the best hotel in HK over the years ; a title it still deserves. The service is excellent from the lady at the reception who showed us to our room to the staff at the swimming pool .

reading some of your negative reviews compelled me to write my own regarding the Peninsula. We landed on February 7th the beginning of the Chinese New Year. As your other reviewers have written we were also met at the airport and taken to the hotel where the staff were waiting for us to advise us that their parade was starting. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left the staff were all wonderful. The de luxe harbour view rooms were beautiful not in the least bit run down as described by one critic and the bathrooms were just as luxurious .

we had really looked forward to staying at The Peninsula. The hotel room itself was fine. Very comfortable , nice bathroom with Molton Brown toiletries. What made the stay so unpleasant was the attitude of the staff. A waiter during breakfast managed to spill hot tea on my cream linen trousers with no apology offered. We were unable to take tea in the hotel lobby after being out sight seeing. The reason given was that I was wearing flip flops .... no , I was not , but was wearing Teva sandals ! To compound the misery of that day , late ion the evening , I was stopped from taking photographs of the lovely ceiling in the lobby. Overall , I was made to feel like a second-class naughty child. After speaking to the duty manager of all the days incidents , he did apologize and waived our payment for the Rolls Royce transfer back to the airport. Very small recompense !

arriving at the Peninsula in Hong Kong is a true pleasure. The many luxurious cars gives a glamorous feeling. The restaurants are outstanding and deserve a Michelin Star or two .

after travelling through Japan and stopping off at Singapore for a week our last stop was Hong Kong. It was our first time and also our last sector of the holiday so we thought we would bite the bullet and stay at the Peninsula. Recommended by my mother and reading all the reviews I though it must be fantastic .

a 5-star hotel through and through. From being met off the plane , escorted through immigration , a smooth trip in the wonderfully luscious and decadent Rolls and swift check in at the hotel this was a great stay. Staff are very efficient and helpful even if they do n't always know the answer or understand the request. The rooms are nicely appointed and a view of the harbour is to be recommended. The buildings set up for New Year Year of the Rat and the Olypmics are the best - apparently better than Handover Day .

we were on a winter getaway package , and this package can immediately upgrade your room the next level suite Superior Suite

this was the fourth time in four years that we 've stayed at the Peninsula and they continue to amaze me with their consistent , gracious service and the high quality of their accommodations. Each time we have stayed on average 10 nights. Having worked at one time in the hospitality industry , I am a very demanding person when it comes to hotels and I appreciate how difficult it is to maintain a high level of service on a consistent basis The Peninsula somehow manages to do just this. I have only two negative things to say : the lobby is very busy during the middle of the day - it is especially noisy and swarming with people at tea time with people waiting for a table. Also I 've downgraded Felix , the bar at the top of the Peninsula from a chic &quot ; must do&quot ; to a frumpy &quot ; must skip&quot ; . We were there with a guest for pre-dinner cocktails and all three of us were surprised to see was full of people in jeans , snow jackets and knapsacks pushing to get the best views. Such is the price one pays for success .

staying at The Pen in Hong Kong just before Christmas was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had .

quite where the accolade of best hotel in world comes from I find bewildering ! .

what a fantastic property. What sets this place apart are the service levels , which are world class throughout the hotel. Whether you enter the Spa , one of their restaurants or simply spend some time in the lobby : Every member of staff seems to take incredible pride in what they do and this is exactly why this property is amongst the best hotels in the world. The only disadvantage all this fame brings with it is the fact that there are masses of people trying to get in to take pictures of the place .

what an amazing hotel ! The room was large and luxurious .

we stayed at the Peninsula on the first leg of our honeymoon ad loved it .

i stayed at the Peninsula a couple of years ago and was incredibly impressed by it. That time I took a basic room and it was fantastic. This time I went for the full harbour view room and it was simply breath taking .

stayed at the Peninsula in early May 2007 en route to Australia and it was the highlight of our trip. For me , this is the best hotel I 've ever stayed at examples of other hotels I 'm comparing it to include Raffles Singapore , The Dorchester London , George V in Paris etc. . Beautiful room and amenities , fantastic staff , gorgeous pool and the food at Felix is probably some of the best I 've ever had in the world. The location is also great with amazing views of the harbour and the island. The hotel 's proximity to the Star Ferry one of the must-do journeys in any case makes it convenient to stay in Kowloon. One additional tip : book the Rolls Royce transfer - it 's well worth the money !

having lived in HK for several years in the 90 's my wife and I decided that the only place to celebrate our 25th would be the Pen. A business trip saw us staying at the Intercontinental Grand Stanford then moving to the Pen. From good to amazing .

we stayed here for our honeymoon and it was wonderful. being picked up by the green rolls royce at the airport was definately worth the small extra cost. The only fly in the ointment is that we could n't get a restaurant booking until 10pm , which was dissapointing. We had also booked a return transfer with the rolls royce but told they were unavailable and we had to take a town car which was lovely but not what we 'd ordered . The staff were helpful and the spa was amazing. The nicest thing about the hotel is the value for money. They could really rip you off here but they do n't and it is all very reasonable. We loved staying here and felt really pampered and special. Its worth the rep !

no question this hotel is a great hotel. I just have a thing about front desk people who work in these top tier hotels who think they are so damn high and mighty. Nothing burns me more then when the front desk people are sneaky and deceptive to were they are letting you know that you have come to a great hotel and their for you must bow. Screw that nonsense. After that the hotel is incredible. I loved it and the rooms are great in size and decor. I love the dim sum restaurant they have Spring Moon very highly recommended rather staying here or not and make reservations and lobby restaurant The Verandah no reservation usually need and did n't try the food but did indulge in the over priced beverages is cool for morning coffee , afternoon tea and cocktail in the evening or perhaps a night cap smoking allowed if that is something that floats your boat as it is in most of Hong Kong â € ¦ .I liked having a martini and Cuban in the afternoon after seeing the sights. This hotel has the comforts and service of a great hotel. But really in Hong Kong the service I have experienced is pretty much exceptional so I really don â € ™ t want to rant about it considering a majority of Hong Kong is a service oriented place anyhow. Overall exceptional and it is what you expect in a round about way when pay the price you pay to stay here and it is on the Kowloon side. Hong Kong side has the other perspective with the Ritz Carlton and what not. If you â € ™ re after a high end super nice hotel on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong then this one should do it for you. I think all of the staff is very helpful but they sure do in my perspective have an arrogant side to them but some people like that and expect I guess. I would stay here again for sure. One interesting thing I looked into but didn â € ™ t do is a helicopter flight from the hotel to Macau. I thought that would be cool to do. I little expensive but available but the better side of my conservativeness said ah just go with the turbo prop ferry. Oh well always something to do on a later date .

this hotel is just amazing , if you go to Hong Kong you MUST stay here. The service is the best service we 've ever experienced in a hotel. The spa is fantastic ask for magic hands if you want a really good massage and the breakfast in the lobby is a must , as is a ride in one of their rolls royce 's !

stayed at The Pen for 3 nights last month and it was fantastic. We booked the Rolls Royce transfers from the airport and were treated like royalty all the way. There were 3 staff waiting outside The Pen to greet us as the chauffeur has phoned ahead of our imminent arrival. We were shown straight to our room even though we had arrived at 0730 well before normal room availablity times .

in theory , the Peninsula is a top hotel. The service and attention to detail are truly astounding. Doormen recognize you from your stay several years ago. Butlers show up at your door within minutes. And , as many have mentioned , they truly have done a nice job melding Old World style with the Modern Age. It 's no wonder that the Peninsula remains as popular as it is .

not as good as expected , although it is a very fine hotel. All the &quot ; top&quot ; things we wanted to do - early check-in , dinner at Felix , Rolls Royce transfer to the airport , were unavailable , or only available too late , i.e. , Felix dinner at 10 PM. The suite in the original building was very nice , exceptionally well set up and furnished , but it could have used a bit of silicone in the bath , and the included breakfast was at best marginal. High Tea in the lobby restaurant was a bit of a disappointment as well. One positive note , we did take the slightly lower cost HK $ 850 Mercedes vs. HK $ 950 for the RR transfer to the airport , where a liveried attendant awaited us with a baggage cart , and guided us through the formalities right up to security - an exceptionally nice touch. A hotel of this caliber and price sets your expectations very high , and unfortunately the Peninsula did not deliver ! Seven years ago we stayed across the street at the Regent now the Intercontinental and found it a bit better .

the staff here knows it has a reputation to protect and they work hard to do so. I had a deluxe room on the 27th floor with a harbor view ; I think you get a better value by taking the junior suite at the Intercontinental but the location here is a bit more convenient. Food and beverage are excellent ; the spa is at the top tier in the world ; and if you call for anything from housekeeping they kick butt in terms of getting it to your room almost immediately. Concierge was very helpful ; they arranged to have my shopping boxes shipped to the US so that I did n't have to carry everything with me and made sure that the boxes were sealed well. Tea in the lobby is a treat and breakfast is quite good. Definitely a place to try out at least once if you 're in Hong Kong .

if one top hotel in the world should be benchmark for the luxury hotel business , it 's the Hongkong Peninsula .

we had been to Hong Kong for 10 times and each time we had walked past this hotel and said &quot ; one day we will stay there&quot ; . We finally did in September for 7 nights , our stay was fantastic .

i 'd been to hong kong for the past 10 years and often stayed at hotels around tsim tsa tsui area because it 's close to some shopping areas. This time , my family and I decided to stay at Peninsula. When we stepped in , we find nothing exceptionally special about the decor. Just plain , white pillars , and the design is probably european style but much simpler. The receptionist was excellent and guided us right into the room. Customer service was just excellent until the next day when we went down for breakfast. Once I sat down , someone told me something in broken english and pointed to my pants and sandals so i believe he was talking about my short pants and sandal but for heavens sake ! I spent so much money staying in this hotel in the middle of a hot summer month just to be asked to dressed into something more 'approvable&quot ; . Just because of that , I will never return to the hotel. Seriously , sheraton is much better just right across . They have no such restrictions , it 's half the price , their bed is heavenly yes , better than peninsula 's and the people speaks excellent english.Plus , they have a sky lounge with very fresh oysters .

we stayed here for 4 nights as part of our Honeymoon. We had a delux room and booked the Rolls Royce airport transfers .

dont get me wrong this hotel is a beautiful and is of 5 star standard but I was really disappointed with the level of service of the conceirge and the construction going on around the hotel .

if , like me , you regularly look up hotels and destinations on Trip Advisor to get an idea of how good or how bad a place is , let me reassure you right away on the Peninsula Hotel. If you are planning on staying here , you have made an excellent choice .

my wife and I stayed there last week

we decided to stopover in Hong Kong after a holiday in New Zealand which was fabulous - and Air New Zealand were great and chose the Peninsula as an end of holiday treat. What a great decision .

we splurged and stayed for 3 days at the HK Peninsula on Kowloon. It was fabulous that they pick you up from the airport in a Rolls Royce , that was a real treat !

me and my husband got married recently , and shortly after the wedding we had to host another party in Hong Kong for my relatives who could n't make it to the ceremony in the UK. Our party was hosted in the Peninsula so we had 2 free nights in their suite , but we extended our stay at the hotel by paying extra. We stayed in the normal double room for the first night and the suite for the rest. And I 'm glad to say that our stay did not disappoint .

simply one of the best hotels in the world .

wow ! This has to be the best hotel in the world by a long way !

pure luxury spoils you from going any where else in the world

after almost 2 weeks of China , settling in at the Peninsula was the best !

hong Kong 's Grande Dame Still Grand

one of the worst experience I ever had .

after a month travelling through China we decided to treat ourselves to a few nights in the iconic Peninsula Hotel ; and it certainly is a superlative hotel. Generous , well-equipped rooms even a multimedia centre to look at your digital pictures on the room tv ! gracious staff , rows of Rolls Royces outside , appropriatey overpriced f&amp ; b , but sitting in the lobby is like being in Disneyland ; there 's non-stop lines of rubber-necking , gawking , chattering tour parties pouring through it. And that makes the pricey exclusive hotel a boor !

saw 'The Pen ' on a TV documentary of The World 's Top Hotels and it ranked number one with many. En route to Australia we decided to use it as a 2 night stop-over. It is a legend and rightly so. Paid for the Rolls Royce Phantom 2-way shuttle , which we felt was great value @ HK $ 1500 and it was worth every penny. Check-in was fuss free , the room [ Deluxe harbour view ] was lovely. We had afternoon tea but we waited in the queue with the rest of the world instead of letting someone know that we were resident - this would have saved us 45 minutes , which in the scale of things is hardly an issue. The service was excellent ; exactly what we wanted , attentive but not 'in your face ' and you really were made welcome by everybody. We would not hesitate to return and would recommend it to any discerning traveller .

i stayed in the Peninsula Hong Kong in April and fell in love. I was on a two-week trip to Asia Tokyo , Osaka , Kyoto , and Hong Kong and stayed in five-star hotels at each destination , but the Peninsula stood above the rest .

this is the hotel standard that others should aspire to. Went to celebrate my sister 's birthday. Recommend the Green Rolls Royce transfer. On check in were upgraded to a suite which was amazing. Room service and food and bar fantastic. Our flight home was n't til 9 p.m. so we had a late check out at no extra cost. I would n't stay anywhere else in Hong Kong. Staff knowledgeable and helpful .

what a special hotel. Really fantastic in almost every way. Stayed for about a week in March with my partner and we were blown away .

i have stayed in several 5 * hotels arond the world , but this is a class above anything that I have experienced bafore. From the second you are met in the arrivals hall you are entering into the world of the Peninsula : the operation is so slick it could not be improved upon. We were escorted to the awaiting Rolls Royce for the transfer excellent value at around Â £ 50 and treated like royalty. There was no waiting and every person who I was passed onto greeted me by my name. &quot ; Good afternnoon Mr Jones&quot ; . As the car came to a halt outside the hotel , the door was immediately opened. Just excellent .

we were treated like family. We really felt taken care of. Our 8 year old son joined us on this trip 12 days in Hong Kong . The breakfast was wonderful , tea in the lobby ~ outstanding. The pool is beautiful and plush. Everything was top notch ! The food at the Chalet was good , but a bit heavy lots of cheese .

the Peninsula is a real treat from the very moment you approach the reception desk. We were personally led to our room by one of the reception officers , and were given an attentive and personal reception. In our case the room had one of the best views across the harbour actually , one of the best hotel views we 've had so far , and was confortable and well furnished. The best thing of this hotel , apart from the position , is the service : whenever you need them they 're there. At the same time , they are almost invisible if you do not need them .

for our first trip to Hong Kong , we chose the Peninsula based on its reputation and historical role over the last 80 years. It was superb .

the Grand Dame of Hong Kong Hotels was as sprightly as ever on this visit.The Rolls Royce transfer round trip is fabulous and a real bargain ,the rooms are a good size and superbly appointed and the service is just about as good as it gets.The swimming pool is a delight and the harbour views from the roof top bar cool design are stunning .

my first dealings with this hotel was back in 2003 when my wife and I visited Hong Kong. Having heard of this legendary classy hotel and wanting to try it out , I asked my friends ; who were locals ; to see if they could get us a good package .

i decided to treat our family on our trip back from London to Hong Kong by staying at this landmark hotel. Overall , it is was a fabulous experience. As we were travelling with our two small children aged one and three we were concerned about whether the hotel would suit them , but it was fantastic. We stayed in the original part of the hotel , and had a hotel room which was large by any standard. My son had a roll out bed on the floor , with bright coloured bedding provided. There were child size robes and slippers , and colouring pencils and teddy bears for the kids .

hotel has one of the best views in HK , overviewing HK 's skyline , which is the nice one to see .

this hotel is wonderful. The service received is second to none and nothing is too much trouble for the staff I mislaid a ring after checking out of the room , told reception and they took me back up to room to look for it , by the time I got there with the manager there were 5 staff searching the room and a plumber turned up to check the drains ! Thankfully the ring was found. The rooms are very comfortably appointed and the Spa is very relaxing with a wonderful view of Hong Kong Harbour. Two things you must do is go up to The Felix bar and go to the toilets , the view in the evening is breathtaking and book the Rolls Royce transfer to/from the airport well worth the pennies !

fantastic location , beautiful room , great restaurants , excellent gym and spa. I 'd definitely stay here again .

after travelling by backpack for 2 weeks in Mainland China , we decided to splurge and book our last night in Hong Kong at the Peninsula Hotel. The best decision we could have made ! Everything about this hotel is first class. We had an incredible suite package which included dinner for 2 at any of the hotel restaurants , we chose Felix at the top of the hotel overlooking Victoria Harbor breakfast for 2 the next morning , hotel transfers and free minibar consumption. The suite was opulent in every sense of the word. Fruit basket , chocolates and even a Peninsula bear for my daughter ! The minibar was stocked with champagne , red and white wine , chocolates , cookies , snacks and several brands of liquor. We called down for a playstation to be delivered to our suite and several dvds from over 500 + titles ! We never left the hotel for the next 36 hours , instead choosing to enjoy the pool and spa. The hotel even arranged a room for us until 6pm since our flight did n't leave until 10 : 30 pm. When we arrived at the airport for our return flight , we were met and escorted with our luggage right through to immigration control. We have travelled extensively around the world and I can say without hesitation that this was by far the best hotel experience to date .

everytime I wanted to fall in love with this hotel , something would spoil it... everytime I wanted to fault they would do something so wonderful that I would fall in love with it all over again... Pick up at the airport , fantastic had to get the rolls... no sense in doing things by half ... when we arrived they ushered us straight to the suite to check in there. Very classy. And what a room. Spectacular. We were traveling with our infant and not only was there a crib set up in the room for her but in the crib was an amazing amenity kit for her including a teething toy , a peninsula bib , a teddy bear , a bath wrap , etc. And in the bathroom was a baby bath for her. It does not get any better than this .

we would agree on everything the last person wrote ! An absolutely unbelievable hotel for service , and complete 21st century facilities in a perfect old world style hotel , not a &quot ; modern box&quot ; . We too had the Rolls Royce transfer , pay for it ! Met at gate and did n't touch our luggage again until it arrived with our welcoming tea from personal valet in room. Nothing too much trouble , every possible facility in room as standard. We want to go back !

fabulous location &amp ; impeccable service--staying at this hotel was amazing. We were picked up at the airport in one of the hotels Rolls Royces and delivered to our hotel in style we paid extra for this service . Previous to our stay , the hotel emailed me to find out how old my son was he was 19 at that time upon telling him his age , they thanked me and said that they would not be decorating our room with teddy bears after all ! During the stay my son got sick and the staff doctor came to our room , since he had chest pain , they sent us to the hospital in a cab with our own butler/guard. My son was fine and the next day when we returned from sightseeing , there was a &quot ; hope you 're feeling better&quot ; platter of fruit and pastry. Also , our luggage had been lost upon arrival in Hong Kong and the concierge made it his top priortiy to track it down which he did . We had a fax machine in our room and recieved faxes updating us on the status of our luggage...OK , that 's enough--you can see that service was exceptional. The accommodations were traditional and very nice. The room was a good size and the food was great. Many tourists came to our hotel for &quot ; Tea Time&quot ; in the lobby , another excellent experience. We booked through our travel agent who discovered that the breakfast package was cheaper than booking the room alone ! If you can swing it , stay at this hotel ! ! !

there is just one word to describe the peninsula experience........OUTSTANDING ! From the moment you are picked up from the airport in a Rolls Royce to the moment you are dropped off you enter a world of understated opulence that is almost beyond comparison .

superb hotel. We were picked up at the airport in a Rolls Royce after a long flight in from New Zealand. All tiredness melted away as we were transported into another world. Rooms are lovely , service fantastic. Would not stay anywhere else in Hong Kong .

excellent service. Beautiful room. Absolutely lived up to the hype. Expensive , but worth it .

we stayed at the 'Pen ' as she is affectionately called for just one night after a 9 day tour of China. I must sound like a Philistine when I say that that night was the highlight of our trip in spite of the incredible sights we had seen in China. It had been an exhausting round of tours , airports and flights and the last straw was when we found we had been booked on a non existent flight from Hangzhou to HK. We arrived at the Pen at 7.30pm instead of 2.30pm and I was broken hearted. But we were upgraded to a Deluxe harbour view suite and I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I will not repeat what all the other reviews say but it is all true. You are spoilt and pampered and you enter a world which you do not want to leave. Having breakfast or tea in the lobby is entertainment itself- people watching at its best. There is very little formality- just old fashioned courtesy. It is the only hotel I ever want to stay in .

what a wonderful stop over. We had a fabulous room overlooking the harbour. The staff were so attentive and the meal in the Gaddis restaurant is a must. I have stayed in some top Hotels in the world and this ranks in the top 5 so far. If you want to spoil yourself make sure the Rolls Royce collects you from the airport.We cant wait to go back .

we spent 4 nights in the Pen at the end of a 3 week holiday in China. I 'd read so much about this hotel and never having stayed in a 5 star hotel before , I was determined to stay here for some luxury at the end of our &quot ; once in a lifetime&quot ; trip .

i booked three nights in a basic suite on a stay over on my way to China to adopt a baby. Upon take off our plane caught on fire and we had to return to LA and leave late the next day. I emailed the peninsula to update them on our situation and the concierge changed tour reservations , dinner , room , airport pick up , spa , everything I had planned. She managed to fit in 3 days worth of sightseeing into a measly 29 hour stay in the city. We toured the city by Mercedes , were picked up in a Rolls Royce , we were upgraded to a truly unbelievable suite overlooking the harbor- The Scroll suite. I 'd say it was 1,200 sq feet with 14 foot ceilings , chinese antiques , giant windows , a dining room table for 10 people , a wonderful bed and a deep comfortable tub. We arrived at 6AM and our room was ready for us. The front desk knew what had happened to our plane and greeted us with a , &quot ; Hello- we are glad you arrived safely after what happened on your first flight&quot ; . I lost my voice from , well from screaming so loud when our plane was on fire , and could n't even whisper when we arrived at the hotel. The concierge was so thoughtful and worried that i would n't be able to speak to our baby when we met her a few days later that she suggested home remedies to help and wrote me a get well card. I just ca n't say enough about how lovely our stay was. The hotel even arranged for me to meet someone in the city who sold antique cameras- I collect them. I loved Hong Kong and think about our brief stay there and the hotel all the time. it was the best trip we have ever taken and it was only a little more than a day long .

the Peninsula could n't get a bad review out of me if it tried. The service was impressive and by far the best I 've experienced anywhere in the world. My husband and I were there for two nights and it left a lasting impression. Our room was in the older part but we would n't have had it any other way. It was very clean , nicely decorated with a sitting area , desk , large bathroom and view overlookg the water to Hong Kong. Once you have settled in you can ring the valet to bring you a pot of the hotel 's welcome tea. From the king size bed to the shoe shine service and the tv above the bathtub , attention to comfort was not missed by the hotel. The staff are the most helpful and friendly I 've encountered. It was n't 30 seconds before the valet was at our door when we rang for him. We ate the buffet breakfast each morning included in our stay and it was wonderful - a subtle mix of Asian , Western and European foods. The pool - - even if you do n't go in , go take a look - it 's unbelievable. The hotel has high tea as a string quartet plays classical music from a balcony above the lobby. There are many high end stores in the hotel including a Tiffany 's. The daytime concierge knows his stuff and directed us on a daytrip to Ngong Ping the large Buddha and Tai O old fishing village . It 's a beautiful hotel inside and out and looks awesome when it 's lit up in the evenings. It 's pricey but go for it !

we stayed here for 4 nights to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and my wife 's birthday on New Year 's Day. Throughout our stay we received nothing but outstanding service in this beautiful hotel. As soon as we arrived we were upgraded to a suite , offered complimentary champagne which we declined as we do n't drink ; they substituted with Peninsula chocolates ! , and invited to use the spa whilst they prepared our room , as we arrived at 8am in the morning and check-in time is 3pm. Emily on reception made sure our stay was everything we had hoped for. The room had a giant LCD TV , DVD player , TV built into the marble-clad bathroom wall , 2 sets of bathrobes bathroom and bedroom ; 8 towels replaced twice a day , exotic fruit bowl also changed daily which comprised ornately decorated napkins and china plates with cutlary. On arrival at the room we were asked to press the valet button on the wall , and tea arrived instantly. The electrically operated curtains meant we could watch the lazer and firework show from the bed without moving .

the Peninsula Hong Kong is simply the best of the best. A truly beautiful hotel with breathtaking views from very tastefully decorated rooms ! The Harbor View Suites are particularly splendid and the views simply unmatched. Service is truly beyond words. Each staff treats every guest as a VIP and they almost know you personally , going out of their way to cater to individual needs. Impeccable and graceful service without the stuffiness. There is no place to stay in Hong Kong other than the Peninsula .

transport to the hotel by Rolls Royce very nice

stayed at the Peninsula for four nights as the first leg of our Honeymoon in September 2006 .

stayed in this hotel as part of trip to Far East , having stayed in two great hotels in Bali the Peninsula had to be something really special to top them .

definitively is a nice hotel but it is too much and there are better options. Service is quite disappointing in several areas. After having stayed at the Four Seasons in Shanghai , Peninsula in Beijing , and also Mandarin in Hong Kong , the service at the Peninsula Kowloon is far beyond what other hotels provide in China. The service at this hotel is very slow paced and needs to be pushed by the guests. It goes out of their hands. The rooms are ok , the welcome gifts are very nice but those things don â € ™ t make it for all. I do n't mean that is a bad hotel. If you have the time to wait stay there .

what can I say about this hotel that has not been said before ? The 'Pen ' truly is one of the best there is .

this was our second stay at the Peninsula in about two years. This time , we stayed in a Deluxe Suite , which has an absolutely stunning view over Hong Kong Harbor. It is mesmerizing to watch all the activity , and the hotel graciously provides a very nice telescope to watch all the activity. And the room is quite spacious , with great beds .

it was my second visit to the PHK. As expected it was a perfect stay .

simply the best place in the world. Through AMEX were upgraded to a full suite with 1 1/2 baths and ove 1000sq ft .

we stayed at the Peninsula last yearand enjoyed a most relaxing stay with excellent service.This year we were in HKG and stayed at both Shangri la hotels and the &quot ; Pen&quot ; .Certainly the Island Shangri la and the Pen are of a similar luxurious standard .

we stayed here for the first 3 nights of our honeymoon and they treated us like royalty. A triple upgrade to the 24th floor , champagne and chocolates .

i 'd wanted to meet a friend in HK for dinner , so booked a weekend at the Peninsula with a table on sat night a Felix , contacting the hotel directly .

my wife and I stayed here for five nights in July of 2006 as part of a round the world trip , and can truly say that this is a world class hotel. It really does live up to all expectations .

after a rocky flight from Tokyo , it was wonderful to hit the tarmac in Hong Kong. Everything about the city exudes class and efficiency. The Airport Express to the Pen could not have been any easier. Once we arrived , we were whisked away to pure luxury. The view of the Harbor has to be the most magnificent in Hong Kong if not the world . Everything from the Tea to the bubble bath - while watching the NBA Finals - quickly stripped the stress of travel away. I recommend that you splash out for the Grand Deluxe Courtyard. The breath taking views make the increased cost well worthwhile. Be sure to visit the pool as well. You will feel like Caesar , himself , while swimming a lap. I could n't imagine anything better. You would be hard pressed to match another hotel in the world that combines this luxury and history

i made a reservation , was given confirmation number and money was taken out of my account. Ten hours later , I received an email stating that they made a mistake , there were no rooms available. They still have my money Not good business. Why did n't they tell me initially that there were no rooms. Why take my money until there was a closure on the reservation process. Bad business practice. Dr. Alfred Jones , Wuxi , China

we were at the Peninsula for the first time during a vacation time for Japanese and the French and the hotel was full. This may have caused some of our problems , but I will say that our stay at the Peninsula was a let down. We booked a regular room and then called back to book the suite experience a few days before our arrival. We were not picked up by the hotel limo a Rolls , which is silly , I know , but I thought might be fun and the airport butler also did not meet us where he was supposed to but by an older model Benz and when we arrived at the hotel discovered after about half an hour of one on one check in that we were not booked for the suite experience , but just a regular suite with a view into the office building across the way and all of the things that were included in the suite experince were not included inclduing the trip from the airport which we had already taken . I felt I 'd been very clear with the reservationist. My husband had been sitting in the room while I made the call. After MUCH arguing and back and forth , we were given our our suite experience at the regular suite price. The lobby was completely filled , day and night , with throngs of tourists. Tour busses park right in front of the hotel and they come pouring in. To see what , I 'm not sure. The lobby is nice , but could be in any nice big city hotel. The line for tea in the afternoons is somtimes 50 people long. As a guest at the hotel you can cut to the front of the line , which is a nice perk , but also somewhat unsporting to people who have been standing there an hour or more. The hotel could not get us a dinner reservation for the time we wanted in one of the hotel restaurants , although we dined at the same place earlier and it was not full at the time we had originally wanted to be there. Again , tourists were coming up in their flip flops and arm fulls of shopping bags and having a drink or just gawking while we are having this overly formal dinner. A bright note was the new spa that was opened on our last day there. It was pretty amazing , had a lot of great amenities , but still also required lots of formality and being led around to different doors and instructions. I just felt the whole place was very high maintenance not to mention expensive and would probably stay somewhere that was not on the tourist map next time I visit HK .

we stayed at the Pen because we could n't get in anywhere else. It cost an absolute bomb and my husband was really cross that I had n't booked us and the 4 kids in somewhere cheaper,but it turned out to be an incredible experience. Right from the moment the door guys open the doors for you and you walk into that cool haven , you are loving it. Our room had an amazing city view through big picture windows. The beds were so comfortable with 400 thread count Egyptian Cotton sheets , and gorgeous doonas. The jasmine tea which arrived as we were unpacking was just right , as was everything about this beautiful hotel. We had an exquisite meal in the restaurant , and swam in the pool , then had a jaccuzi. all lovely. I would spend my last dollar to stay there again .

staying at the Peninsula was just the most fantastic experience , the service was amongst the best we have ever experienced , the staff knew what we wanted before we did and treated us like royalty. The room was comfortable , luxurious and had lots of nice touches including a great shower , fresh fruit , sumptuous bedlinen etc. The food in the restaurants was fresh and full of flavour , in the Philippe Starck-designed Felix restaurant , full of flavour and superbly cooked , In the award winning Spring Moon wonderful , complex cantonese food. Great views from the Felix restaurant , the bar and the pool. A really good spot to be in as it is round the corner from the Star ferry an experience in itself to take you over to Hong Kong Island. For colonial nostalgia have afternoon tea in the Verandah , as a resident you can go straight to the front of the very long queue and have a very English Ritz style afternoon tea with a martini ! Great experience , would recommend it to everyone. It would be my first port of call if I go back to Hong Kong .

stayed at the Peninsula for 2 nights on a recent business trip to Asia and I must say that this is truly an outstanding hotel in a highly competitive area... There are certainly other great places to stay in Hong Kong but if it comes to individual service and attention to detail , the &quot ; Pen&quot ; is as close to perfection as one can except from a hotel that considers itself as one of the best hotels in the world. Of course , as everywhere , service depends highly on the individual employee you 're dealing with. For example : In my case , Check-In was very efficient and friendly in addition , I was upgraded to a suite that would normally cost twice the price I 've payed whereas check-out with a different receptionist was rather slow and the whole scene seemed chaotic. Same applies to the service in the restaurants. Staff at the bar at 'Felix ' seemed arrogant , uninteressted at best , guess that can happen to some people , if they work at such a superb location whereas the waiters in the other restaurants were very attentive and efficient .

we stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in January 2006 , and have to say that it just did not live up to our expectations. It has been rated consistently as one of the world 's best hotels for years and we were looking forward to our stay there. We had booked a room in the tower , as recommended by many visitors , but upon check in , they offered us a huge suite in the main building for the same price , which we took. It was nice , if somewhat dated .

we stayed at the Peninsula on the last days of a 3 week trip to Asia. Having just come from Angkor Wat we needed some relaxation before our long overnight flight home and the Peninsula was wonderful. They surprised us with an upgrade to a magnificent harbor view suite from our requested harbor view room and the service was fantastic. We ate at Felix on the 28th floor of the hotel and enjoyed a delicious meal. We had great complimentary breakfasts and our luggage was graciously stored and the spa showers available to freshen up before we left for our flight. I ca n't recommend a hotel more highly than the Peninsula .

i am being serious. This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The service was AMAZING. Nothing is overlooked. I have stayed in great hotels the world wide. Even the restaurants were superb. I highly recommed this hotel for anyone .

after visiting Hong Kong 20 years ago and staying in a

having just returned from a 5 night visit to the &quot ; Grand Lady of the Orient&quot ; , I must agree to the sentiments echoed by 'Marina Del May'. From the Rolls Royce pick-up which costs less than many other hotel transfer deals , through the seamless check-in We checked-in some 5 hours ahead of the 2.00pm stated the service was impeccable. Staying in a Deluxe Courtyard Room with inclusive breakfast hotel promotion all personal neccesities are silently and efficiently handled by your appointed valet , who introduces himself with a welcome drink upon arrival. The afternoon tea is superb , and as a guest , there are no queues !

just a amazing memory in Pen.Hotel,especially the fantastic harbour view and no reason upgrade room service make me warm. all the equipments are new as well. showerrooms are more comfortable than other 5 star hotels. It will offer special presents to the couple which spends the honeymoon in their hotel. It would make the honeymoon memory sweeter .

had the pleasure of staying at the Peninsula last year and still remember it as one of , if not the best , experiences I 've had staying in a hotel. From the moment you arrive and are greeted at the front door , every need seems to have been anticipated .

this hotel really amazes me. Service was awesome and everyhting was just wonderful. If you stay at the Peninsula , you would never want to stay in any other hotel. You have to try their afternoon tea. That was somethin different. The hotel is pricy but TOTALLY worth the money.. .

i am lucky enough to work for a big corporate and I travel the globe weekly , so I have come to know what makes a good hotel and what makes an outstanding hotel. As a fussy and demanding frequent traveller , I also expect to get the very best and usually stay at the Four Seasons or a Ritz Carlton. But I decided , on the advice of others including this site to give the Peninsula a go...and boy was it a great call .

from staying there 5 days , we can honestly say that The Peninsula is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at. There was very little we could fault with it - care and attention was paid to every detail. The service was the fastest that we have ever seen - we requested an internet cable at the housekeeping desk on the ground floor and in the time it took us to get to our room on the 19th floor , it was delivered to us. The rooms were made up twice daily and you hardly ever saw the housekeeping staff and never saw a linen/cleaning trolley - it was extremely discreet. Even the fresh roses and fruit bowl in our room were changed daily. We found all the staff very curtious and helpful - nothing was ever too much trouble for them and they always greeted you with a smile and a &quot ; Happy New Year&quot ; . We were upgraded to a Deluxe Harbour Suite which was amazing - I think to get the most from this hotel , you need to book a room with a harbour view - looking out onto Hong Kong Island was just wonderful. If you can afford it and you enjoy a little luxury , go for the Suite Experience this can be booked on the hotel 's website : you get free pick up and drop off from the airport in a chauffer-driven limousine Rolls Royce , free minibars restocked twice daily , and free meal for two in one of their restaurants for one night. We were also given a free bottle of champagne and chocolates on our arrival. Also , if you get the chance , eat at Gaddi 's French restaurant - it 's one of the best in Asia. We ate in The Lobby a couple of times and also found the food to be excellent. The Peninsula Afternoon Tea seems to be a HK tradition so expect lots of tourists filling up the lobby area during the afternoon .

the Peninsula is the Hong Kong 's most famous hotel , perhaps the most famous hotel in Asia , and one of the most famous in the world. I wanted to try it out on a recent trip to HK .

the Peninsula is a truly amazing hotel and the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The attention to detail is like nothing I have ever seen and I could n't fault it in anyway. I would n't even know where to start listing all the good things about this hotel. I would just say that if you are going to Hong Kong , treat yourself and stay here !

i have to agree with the other reviews here , this hotel is simply stunning. From the beautiful lobby to the gorgeous pool area everything is immaculate. We had a deluxe room and it was perfect. I loved the flat screen tv and Molton Brown toiletries. The gym is fantastic and all the common parts are beautiful. We had afternoon tea which was gorgeous and we also ate at the Felix restaurant , the food there is delicious. The staff are extremely polite and generally this hotel has no faults ! Without a doubt one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed in .

the previous reviews say it all but this is probably the most classy hotel I have ever stayed in and I absolutely loved it. We were upgraded to a suite with the most terrfic views of Hong Kong harbour and this made the visit extra special but from the Rolls Royce limo to a memorable New Years Eve in the Felix bar this is one magical trip that I will never forget .

i travelled to Hong kong over the Christmas/New Year period and was glad that I chose The Pen. I visited all the other 5 star hotels on Hong Kong Island and Kowloon and my friend and I both agreed that it was , in our opinion , by far the best hotel. The service was superb - 'every ' member of staff I came across , greeted me by my name. The opulence of the surrondings are like no other hotel. The view from the harbour rooms in the tower are breathtaking. The the New Year 's Eve celebrations were very well organised and the lobby and hotel forecourt were decorated beatifully. Yes , during high tea , the lobby does get rather crowded by people visiting the hotel , however , can you blame them ? ! If you 're a guest you are able to jump the long queues. I 'll be back next Christmas/New Year without a doubt. Thanks for an unforgetable stay .

i live in Japan and travel fairly frequently in east Asia. Of all the wonderful hotels at which I 've stayed in the region , the Peninsula in Hong Kong PHK is my overall favorite. I stayed there most recently on either side of Thangsgiving 22 and 26 Nov. 2005 and had my best PHK experience yet. Upon arriving the evening of the 26th evening from Singapore , I checked in , and the front-desk staffer said the words all travel buffs love to hear : &quot ; We have a very nice upgrade for you.&quot ; I 'd already asked for a deluxe room in the original PHK building , which dates from 1928 and is just fabulous in every respect. But the upgrade to the Peony Suite -- wow. The suite was huge and immaculate , with high ceilings and huge windows giving a full view of the Hong Kong Central skyline across the harbour .

sytayed two nights in the Peninsula Hotel. My wife and I absolutely loved the hotel. The staff are very friendly and very well trained with a total customer service focus. The rooms are beautifully appointed. This was the best hotel stay we have had. We rested up on the way back to Australia and it met our every need. Enjoyed soaking in the bath watching the wall television. Breakfast was a delight with quality food and service.The porters knew where to take the luggage for departure and took the worries off our shoulders. Ten out of ten .

my wife and I spent weeks reviewing hotels in HK for our 9-day vacation. Not being independently wealthy , we initially considered the Peninsula to be out of our range. We researched virtually every hotel from moderate pricing to the most expensive both HK side and in Kowloon. Upon realizing that the Peninsula was simply THE hotel in HK , we dug deeper in our pockets , made reservations , and anticipated the trip of a lifetime. We were not disappointed. Service was of a caliber simply unheard of in the States. Helpful , friendly , competent employees everywhere. Always smiling and cordial ; never overstuffed or haughty. The accomodations were flawless. We stayed in two different rooms : a Grand Deluxe Harbor View room near the top floor of the tower stunning view , and a Deluxe Harbor View room in the original building great view . Both were exquisite in cleanliness , appointments , and quality. The 60 + years difference in age could not be discerned , and the newer building and room were built with the same materials and style as the original. Housekeeping was impeccable. Room service and delivery of miscellaneous items were amazingly prompt even at 2 a.m. . Turn down every evening amounted to a second cleaning of the room. Front desk was courteous , efficient , and immediately accomodated needs of any description. Gaddi 's was awesome ; the pool was gorgeous. Felix was the only in-house disappointment ; overpriced and undersized bar. No expense spared anywhere - for example , silver service and china was everywhere , including room service. On a personal note , I 'd like to report that while Clark Gable may have been the first to drink a screwdriver in HK in the lobby of the Pen , my wife was the first to drink a Roy Rogers there. The staff , who had never heard of one , paid close attention to my instructions and mixed it right on the first try. Overall , the Peninsula was the high point of our entire wonderful trip ; every bit a destination in itself .

without doubt the Peninsula Hotel exceeded all of my high expectations. I hope this review helps anyone considering a stay there .

we enjoyed a fabulous 4 night stay at the Peninsula last month. I had arranged to be met at HKG airport and transferred by Rolls Royce which was a fantastic start to our stay at the hotel , as well as our holiday .

from the moment you arrive , the staff practically fall over to help you. The service is unbelievable and this is what sets this hotel apart from all other hotels. Particular praise for chief concierge Paul Quinn and his team , especially Felix no relation to the restaurant ! . They go out of their way to help you .

outstanding luxury and service at every turn. Arrived early morning on an overnight flight , met at the airport with their Rolls Royce transfer. The driver offered a cool towel and cold refreshment for the 40 minute drive to the hotel. Greeted at the car by front desk staff , wisked through check-in and directly to room in the original part of the hotel. Hot tea and fruit in the room. The conceirage provided a recommendation for an excellent tailor and had fitting the same day. Dined in the evening in the Verandah--superior buffet and service--topped with a fresh vanilla souffle ! As I was traveling alone , I was offered reading material during dinner. Spent the afternoon at the pool with a stunning view of Hong Kong Island. Beautiful spa and steam facilities. It had been 31 years since I had stayed at the Penn and they still had my details on file. Even though I only spent one night before going on to Canton , it felt like I had come home and everything was as I had left it .

we spoilt ourselves with a one night stay at the Peninsula with dinner at Felix on a Saturday night. There were four adults to our party. There is no denying the hotels prime location and outstanding facilities - designed to impress - no doubt about it. What dissapointed me more than anything was the service. It was certainly there and it was certainly silver class but I dont believe anyone went out of their way to smile at us , make us feel at home / welcome. Dinner on Saturday night would have been a perfect opportunity to sit back , relax , admire the fantastic skyline - cocktails at the pompous stunning bar followed by dinner not cheap ! . Again , no smiles , no general chit chat .. not even &quot ; did you enjoy your dinner&quot ; .

we just stayed at the Pen for our last two nights in Hong Kong. Everything was wonderful - from the free DVD rentals , the room , to the pool , to dinner at Felix albeit tre expensive ! . Only complaints : the butler puts away your clothes in the drawers as part of cleaning the room and so when we were packing we kept &quot ; discovering&quot ; that things had been put in places around the room ! Also , we had to fax one sheet of paper to Atlanta- 75 Hong Kong Dollars ! almost $ 10 . That 's ridiculous !

we stayed at the Pen for 3 nights on the last leg of our Honeymoon. We arrived on a delayed flight at about 2am and we were still met with a grand welcome and housekeeping bringing us Chinese Tea to our room moments after we 'd been shown up there .

it took me about 24 hours to get acclimated with the environment at the Peninsula hotel but when I finally did it became crystal clear why so many people refuse to stay anywhere other than the Peninsula when they stay in Hong Kong. My boyfriend and I ended up staying at the Pen on two separate occasions during our month-long trip around various parts of Asia between from mid-August to mid-September .

the Peninsula is a famous hotel which is very near Hong Kong...it is across the harbour from Hong Kong in Kowloon .

i 've stayed at the world 's top hotels-De Crillon , Savoy , Pierre , Le Sireneuse--and I can say that this hotel reigns supreme. Everything , from the gorgeous , immaculate , understated lobby , to the large , and opulent rooms , was superb. I was there for a romantic weekend , and we were treated to champagne , chocolates , flowers and an upgrade. Our room was in the original building but that was not a bad thing--ceilings were high , the bathroom was larger than most hotel rooms , and well , the pool/spa is something to be experienced. The weather was horrible , yet the pool , overlooking the harbour , with a deck that is perfect for sunning and watching the lightshow/fireworks was awesome ! Also , Felix , on top of the hotel , with its tiny , yet unique bar was an experience. This hotel is very expensive , but worth it if you can manage it. Yes , it does pale in comparison to other Pens in my opinion , but that is why it is the flagship. And THE place to stay in HK .

absolutely the best hotel I ever stayed at , without a doubt. We arrived at the Peninsula late one evening after a 30 hour trip from Birmingham , Alabama , and were very pleased to find that we had been upgraded to a small suite. The room was beautiful. It had a huge bed with very fine linnens , a sitting area , a seperate entrance hall , toilet and bath. The bathroom even had its own flat screen tv. We were lucky to have a harbour view , and it was worth staying at the Peninsula to watch the ships and boats alone. The lobby was like something out of a movie from the '30 's , and was always a flurry of activity. There was even a string quartet playing in the afternoon. The shopping galleries were fun to explore , particularly since I was waking up at 3am , due to the time change , and had to have something to do. To top it off , my wife 's birthday fell on one of the days we were there , and we came back to the room after a day exploring to find an entire birthday cake left for us at the room. I have stayed at some nice hotels since , but none like the Peninsula .

staying at the Pen is the best experience I have ever had with any hotel in the world , it puts its clients first and always wants to please , the only people who did not like this were the Americans who were rude with the staff and wondered why they did not get what we got. If you every get the chance this is the best of experiences

we had stayed at the Peninsula before , so knew what to expect. However , this time the hotel was overbooked and they tried to foist off a much lower class room on us we had paid for two harbour view , non-smoking suites at the back of the hotel. When we challenged the day manager , he was very arrogant and unaccomodating. We ended up on the second floor , harbour side with no view and in smoking rooms. Last time for us. After doing some checking , I think there are lots of better hotels in Kowloon .

i just came back from a two-night stay at the Peninsular HK and still felt very much overhelmed by the level of luxury that the hotel is providing .

i stayed here in march of this year on a stop over from australia. It is an experience you will never forget staying at this hotel. I would highly recommend that you use their stunning swimming pool and admire the light show in the evening- when i got out of the pool i was met with a damp cloth and a glass of iced water .

not much to add to the other reviews. A few comments though - defintely stay in a harborview room. We were fortunate and were upgraded from a deluxe harbor view room to a deluxe haborview suite - spectacular room , bathroom and views from the living area , bedroom and the bathroom .

the Peninsula lives up to its reputation. My partner and I were very impressed by the courteous service , large rooms and great view of the harbour. Our only regret was that we did n't have more time to try out all the leisure facilities and restaurants. Our deluxe harbour view room was well-equipped and the bathroom was spacious I loved watching tv in the bath ! .

based on the reviews here , I decided to give the Peninsula a try during a 2 day lay-over in Hong Kong. I was not dissapointed. The rooms are absolutely deluxe , and the service is fantastic , but the small details like the magic shoe cleaning box are what really set this place apart. The bathroom was the best hotel bathroom I 've ever had .

