we loved his hotel , which was the place we stayed for the Hong Kong leg of our honeymoon. We were very lucky to be upgrade to a suite , which was beautiful and enormous. Beds were comfortable , the bathroom was incredible - with a huge round bath and our sitting room was very stylish. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The spa and pool were great - although I would suggest better lighting round the pool for people who want to read while their partner swims. Breakfast also comes highly recommended. Would definitely stay there again .

we stayed at the Landmark for 3 days , and absolutely loved it. We had the LS600. The bathroom is so luxurious , The beds were very comfortable. My daughter loved the living room area , so she could do her drawing on the coffee table , plus lay on the couch to watch TV. The location of the hotel is fantastic , so near the eateries of LKF Lan Kwai Fong . The staff was very helpful in everyway , even down to the doormen , who were always willing to help with directions and recommendations. Our only complaint , which is a minor one , was the coffee served at the lounge , though breakfast was good. Sometimes I wonder why hotels just ca n't seem to serve a decent cup of coffee ? But other than that , I highly recommend this hotel. * No security issues. Room safe was , well , safe .

perfect hotel for business. From the moment i stepped int he door the staff were professional and courteous. would definitely stay there again .

what can i say ? really .

date of Stay : June 4-6,2009

this is most favourite hotel in Asia. Hong Kong is a very busy city and to have this hotel in the middle of the best location is an absolute oasis. The service is at the very highest level i have epxerienced anywhere in the world. Whilst not the cheapest hotel around , its ammenties etc are equal to the price. Mo Bar on any Friday night is a must for a nice cocktail .

we spent the first 3 days of our honeymoon at the Landmark Mandarin on our way to Bali. This was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. We were extremely jetlagged from our 16 hour flight from NYC and I had a pulled muscle in my neck with inflamation and lots of pain. At some ungodly hour my husband went down to the front desk to see if they had a heating pad. They did everything they could with a hot water holder and then immediately the next day brought us a proper heater. The next day I rushed to the spa for a hot stone massage that basically took all the inflamation away AND significantly reduced my jetlag. The beautiful and relaxing spa was perfect. They have heated chairs in the water room and a relaxation room with teas and individual headphones with relaxing music. They also have a gorgeous shower room and gave me a small vanity kit. I do n't know what I would have done without that massage. The people who worked at the spa were extremely knowledgeable and professional .

everything about this hotel is pretty &quot ; A + &quot ;

i recently stayed 4 nights at the Landmark Mandarin Oriental in a L600 Deluxe room. My friends and I had an amazing stay at this hotel. I have nothing bad to say .

have always wanted to stay at the Landmark. Had heard that it and the Four Seasons were the places to stay in HK , and it did n't disappoint .

the room is great , very large and spacious by HK standards. Two LCD screens in the room , and one in the bathroom. Many free HD features via the in room entertainment. Low profile lobby. Blackout blinds to catch up on sleep. All in all , great business hotels , for serious travellers. For leisure however , I 'd pick something else .

whilst there is absolutely nothing wrong with the hotel and it has fab service like pretty much everywhere in Asia the rooms have no view and the redesign of the rooms is just plain weird. Fab bathrooms take up nearly 50 % of the floor space in a L600 room and block the light from one of two windows. I 'm not quite sure what the designer was smoking at the time he designed this hotel.......... .

my parents and I stayed at the Mandarin , Hong Kong , for several nights over Christmas. As we entered the lobby and passed the giant , aromatic pine Christmas tree while staff courteously greeted us , I already knew this would of the most memorable , magical Christmases I would been blessed to have. We stayed in a suite as there were 3 of us , where chocolate christmas sculptures mysteriously arrived in our room everyday ! Even the sofa bed I slept on was the most comfortabl sleep I have had , with its thick 300 count Eygptian cotton sheets. The view of Hong Kong was stunning , with the skyscrapers around us and the harbour before us. I spent a few relaxing hours in the gigantic , stand alone Victorian sunken bath in the centre of the bathroom , watching the tv above it ! The hotel facilities were fabuus , especially the spa where my Mum and I had a blissful massage. The food was wonderful. My friends and I met for hot chocolate in the Mandarin Cake Shop- this consisted of hot melted chocolate with a dark chocolate spoon and cream. We were in heaven ! Then we saw the Nut Cracker ballet from the Clipper lounge , put on by young children from a local dance school , which was so sweet and festive. The Mandarin is perfectly situated in Central , walking distance from Lan Kwai Fong , where you can find a vast range of classy nightclubs , funky restraunts , boutique shops and swanky bars. There are also malls like the IFC close by , or 'the lanes, ' if you prefer street shopping. MTR and bus stations are all nearby so it 's not hard to get around. The most incredible thing about the Mandarin Oriental though- with Hong Kong as its Flagship , original hotel- is how perfectly it encapsulates 'East meets West, ' blending British colonial charm with beautiful Chinese accents. No hotel chain does this like the Mandarin and so if you truly want an luxurious and unforgettable , Hong Kong experience , this is THE place to stay. Although it has been newly renovated , making it more opulent than ever , the Mandarin remains an authentic piece of Hong Kong history .

do not stay at this Hotel unless you want your money stolen. Money went missing from our room safe and Hotel refuse to except that their staff are ripping off their guest .

lovely hotel and great rooms but major security problem from supposedly the most secure hotel in Hong Kong. Substantial amount of money taken from two separate safes in two separate rooms around the same time. They only stole part of the currency hoping we would not notice .Left approx half ! Very suspicious especially when the safe reader said safe was not opened from time of arrival to the time we discovered it missing the next morning. Obviously some device has wiped the memory of the last three times it was opened so police said there is no evidence !

we are expats living in Hong Kong. Every time our wedding anniversary rolls around , we celebrate by checking ourselves into a city hotel for the weekend. This year , we chose the Landmark Mandarin Oriental because it is in the very heart of Central and directly connects to the Landmark shopping centre , ThreeSixty Organic Supermarket , the other Mandarin Oriental Hotel and the Princes Building which has Olivers Deli and numerous high end shops. Outside you have Marks and Spencer and Shanghai Tang plus the bar area of Lan Kwai Fong. There is also a huge taxi rank. It is a fantastic base .

been to HK a number of times and stayed over at the Peninsula , original Mandarin Oriental and LKF. Have to say that the Landmark Mandarin Oriental beats them all. Location is second to none...right in the heart of Central , so perfect for shops , restaurants and bars .

we stayed 3 nights at this hotel in a L450 room. It has a very contemporary design and is in a great location. The hotel is in Central and the main bar and restaurant precinct and also as mentioned previously attached to an exclusive shopping mall. We had breakfast one morning next door in the Landmark Cafe and it was really good. We did not go to any of the hotels bar or cafes but the bar in the lobby was very popular .

amazing hotel in an amazing city. Stayed there for a week while visiting family in Hong Kong. Enjoyed so very much the fantastic service in this hotel with particular mention of the incredible spa. Divine experience ! Hong Kong is such a vibrant city and this hotel captures the essence of this amazing city and yet is an oasis in its own right. The suite , services , spa and MO Bar all contributed to a lovely experience and for those of you who are fans of Zuma in London , Zuma Hong Kong is right there in the Landmark. Oh... last but not least , what great shopping. We loved it , but be ready to spend some money and have fun.... .

stayed for 2 nights at the Landmark MO on business last week. Booked an L450 room but was upgraded to an L600 room upon arrival. The spacious , well equipped and beautiful room is one of the best if not the best contemporary hotel rooms that I have recently stayed in. Took a lot of photos as the design gave me a lot of ideas for my own apartment. The bathroom is huge with a circular bath tub and is well equipped with LCD TV and boutique aromatheraphy toiletries. 2 more LCD TVs - one in the bedroom the other in the living room. There is also a separate dressing room which can be closed off from the bedroom .

as soon as we arrived at the hotel we were greeted by the super friendly hotel staff and immediately made us feel special .

spectacular room and bathroom - mind you you pay for it but the rooms are really excellent in every regard. Particularly liked the attention to detail at breakfast on the 7th floor and staff were simply attentive in every way. So you definitely get what you pay for here .

if you are looking for a grand lobby with chandeliers and huge floral arrangements to greet you when you enter.. then this is not the hotel for you. The hotels lobby designed to be minimal and discreet. The times that i have stayed in this hotel i have never seen more than 3 people in the lobby except for the staff .

i loved this hotel ! The service from start to finish was impeccable , very frendly yet professional at all times. The room itself was a good size and well laid out , I particularly like the fact that there was a day bed next to the full size window , as was the desk. My view was of the ferry terminus and across the bay. It in fact looks exactly like the picture on the webpage - which is n't always the case ! .The bed was huge and very comfortable. I thought the layout of the bathroom was quite unique - but I liked this. There are all the accessories you need , including Hermes toiletries - and a TV in the mirror if you wanted to lay in the bath and watch !

we stayed in the 600 series of room. The room layout and amenities were were excellent and with thought to smallest detail .

the Landmark and its staff are absolute perfection. They have a complementary service where they greet you as soon as you get off the plane and zoom you through the airport. It is very useful if you arrive at 11pm like I did .

after staying at a number of good business hotels in Hong Kong I have recently returned to the Landmark Mandarin Oriental. I arrived very early on a Friday and knew that my room was n't ready. The very professional and friendly receptionist recognized me from a previous visit , offered me the use of the spa facilities to get changed and freshen up. She also arranged for a complimentary breakfast at the exquisite hotel bar restaurant on ground level. I used and enjoyed both , then went to work and returned later in the day .

stayed here for two nights en route to Perth. From the word go the hotel staff were excellent and we were shown to our room got upgraded to an LS600 and given a comprehensive overview of the hotel and the city. The concierge walking tours provided free of charge are well worth it if you 're new to the city. We were lazy/overexcited/tired and used the limo service that the hotel provides which was great - it costs about two and half times what a cab will cost. Also , the Landmark has a meet and greet service for all guests at the airport. Again , this was useful and saved us a very , very long walk .

the hotel was pretty commendable in terms of its service , cleanliness , facilities and bedding. The only problem that I had , and a major one at that too , was the layut of the bathroom .

this is by far one of the best places to stay on Hong Kong Island.We prefer this location to Kowloon which is much more touristy and where soliciting tourists for watches etc is prevalent .

great location , helpful staff .

comparison : Besides the MO Landmark , I also stayed at the Four Seasons and the Island Shangri-La in the past. Rooms at MO Landmark are the most spacious and the services are the most personable. Four Seasons , situated at the waterfront , has the best harbor view and located next to the expensive IFC shopping mall and is above the airport express train. IFC mall is great for window shopping but is so overpriced ; for example , clothes in the Brooks Brothers cost three times more than the US â € ™ s. The most impressive about the Island Shangri-La is the 17-story atrium featuring the world â € ™ s largest 16-story high Chinese silk painting. Although the MO Landmark and FS are both top-notched hotels and MO â € ™ s rooms and services are slightly better , I prefer the FS purely for its harbor view .

this is the model of what a luxury urban hotel should be. From the rooms , replete with sophisticated technology , marble-clad bathrooms and sleek furnishings , to the spa , which was large , comprehensive and soothing , this hotel offers its guests nearly every service imaginable. And they do it well , and in great style at that .

this hotel is quite simply superb , after staying in the Peninsula Hong Kong for 2 nights , we hated it so much that we checked out and checked into The Landmark mandarin Oriental .

a mixed bag of feelings after staying at this hotel.... .

i thought I had booked myself into the old Mandarin. Instead , I found myself at the Landmark Mandarin Oriental Hotel what a mouthful !

that was the last hotel on our visit in China and it could n't be better. The hotel is small , which was a merit for me , after travelling for more than a month and staying in huge crowded hotels . The rooms are big however and very clean. The bathroom was a bliss. OK , you do n't really have a view , since the hotel is on the busy street crossing , but that did n't bother me. I have stayed in Hongkong often enough before , also in the hotels with the view .

the Landmark , in Central , is good hotel if you like to shop or be in the thick of boutique belt. The rooms are large , and have very funky bathrooms -- rainshowers , large circular tubs , and interesting amenities. But there is no view. Tucked on Queens Road Central , beside Harvey Nichols , the hotel is very accesible. The pricing is steep , but service quite good .

this is an excellent hotel. Location is good in the middle of Central , the service is outstanding , the room is very spacious and has a huge bath , it is very clean. I would have given it the highest score if it was n't for the overall layout/design of the room itself .

what was good :

stayed here for 3 nights in September , and having travelled a lot and stayed in a lot of 5 * hotels , can honestly say this is one of the best !

i am totally in love with this hotel ! there is not one thing i woudl change about my stay apart from i wish it had been longer ! we took advantage of the honey moon package we werent actually on our honey moon ! and got an enormous huge 7 foot round bath and lots of lovely treats like chcolate dipped strawberriies and a HUGE bunch of flowers and they even gave us breakfast in our room , whatever we wanted at no extra cost ! ! ! wow ! i have stayed in so many hotels , and had to deal with so many diffrent kinds of customer service and this place is HEAVEN !

we booked a standard room in the Landmark and arrived around 10 a.m. , well before the usual check-in time. The polite front desk staff apologized for not having the room ready for us but asked if we would like to upgrade to a suite at no extra cost for the inconvenience ! ! Now that 's what I call service ! ! The hotel is beautiful--modern , sleek , refined , but much more intimate than many other chain hotels. Our suite was huge , with a king bedroom area , separate living room/business desk area , and a great , circular spa tub and shower bathroom bigger than most people 's master bedrooms. All the modern amenities--free internet , TWO plasma screens televisions , flat screen TV in the bathroom , music system sound everywhere , DVD player , etc.--are available. The entire hotel embraces the spa concept , from the rooms to the in-house spa , and I 've never stayed in a place that is more peaceful and quiet in a major city--they must have spent quite a bit on soundproofing. The location ca n't be beat--you 're in the Landmark building , which is probably the most expensive shopping mall in Hong Kong. The hotel is just two blocks away from the subway system , and is very convenient for any business traveler. Our package included breakfast , which is pretty good , and located in the chic bar area at the entrance. We 've stayed at the Hyatt and the Four Seasons in Hong Kong , but we think the Landmark , with it 's tranquil setting and perfect service , is the best .

first , to make it clear , Landmark MO is a great hotel. However , when compared to the Four Seasons , I think it 's just not as good. Stayed at both hotels on recent business trips and here is my take comparing the two

the hotel is actually outstanding. Location in HK is the possible best , facilities and services really impeccable , it 's considered the coolest in HG. Connection with Landmark Mall is direct. Not to expect huge hall , show-off entrances. Everything perfectly tailored for what 's needed for a a perfect stay , both for business and leisure. Also pricing , though high , is well balanced by services and facilities. Strongly recommended !

stayed here for a weekend getaway , yes , it 's possible to have the experience a getaway in the heart of town ! once i checked into the hotel , it was as if i entered into another part of town , serene n relaxing with discreet being the key. as with any other stays in any mandarins , the service was excellent. i personally prefer contemporary deco so the room was stunning n the L450 is what it says it is , around 450 sq ft , bigger any standard size hotel rooms still trying to figure out how they managed to install a shower n hide all the piping in the middle of the room , with the surrounding walls made mostly of glass. anyway , i definitely would n't mind staying there more often !

firstly , before we get started , there are a few things to bear in mind if you choose to stay at this hotel .

the hotel is very accessible , excellent downtown location. We stayed in an L600 corner suite- spacious room with an excellent layout. All mod cons- 3 tvs , huge circular bath , aromatherapy associates toiletries- in fact , you can actually trust the pictures on the MO website- what you see is really what you get in this case ! My husband and I booked facials in the spa- well worth it as it was the best facial either of us has ever had ! The sap itself is stunning- there 's free internet access there also. Breakfast was best in the Amber restaurant. It 's buffet style in the MO bar but you 're perched on bar stools and it was quite crowded the day we ate there. The MO Bar is very chic , the bar area is incredible though service can be slow. Great music with free vodka for girls on thursdays when we were there. Service was consistently excellent elsewhere in the hotel. We checked out the original MO while in town and were glad we choose the more modern Landmark. Shoppers beware- the Landmark is part of a high-end shopping centre of the same name- Gucci is right beside reception...... Bargain wise , the markets are super cheap but the quality matched the price. Any cosmetics but especially SK II which is much cheaper compared to UK/ Ireland prices .

stayed a couple of nights in early May. It is definitely worth pre-booking the hotel limo and greeting service. Our bags were ready to go whilst we waited in the immigration line , and we were then escorted to the limo suite at the airport to pick up our car. The room was extremely well equipped , and whilst the view was n't great other large buildings , the location was perfect for shopping at the Landmark Centre , and access to the MRT and Star Ferry was easy. The MO Bar is a cool place to hang out , and the snacks and cocktails were spot on. Overall the service was very good indeed. Try dinner at Man Wah upscale Chinese in the sister Oriental hotel - it was great. Will definitely stay here again...as soon as possible please .

extraordinary service , decor and food. Not one single complaint. Current favorite hotel anywhere in the world .

  stop during our round the world trip , stayed at this 5 star hotel in what they call an L450 superior king room. Very spacious , tasteful decor , big comfy bed , separate sofa &amp ; work area with fruit , refreshments &amp ; chocs left daily , 3 tv 's including one in the bathroom. Amazing walk in shower plus a 2 person tub ! Room has some of the most modern gadgets I 've ever come across , great fun. Hotel has excellent spa &amp ; pool and even though we did not use , the bar and restaurants looked very nice also. The service &amp ; staff are great especially the concierge who are very knowledgeable. Would definately go back .

i travel to HKG monthly. I use to do all my stays at the COnrad , but now stay at the landmark mandarin .

i 've stayed at the LMO twice -- once in late 2006 , and most recently at the end of January 2007 -- and may I just saw , &quot ; Wow ! &quot ; The LMO is in a three-way tie with the Peninsula and Four Seasons as my favorite HK hotel. For my first stay , I booked a &quot ; suite deal&quot ; package for the L900 suite , the hotel 's largest and worth the extra HK $ , for me and a friend. The package included round-trip airport transfers in the hotel 's Mercedes S-Class , breakfast , and other amenities , all for about HK $ 3000 less per day than the regular , non-package suite-only rate. The airport pickup service is perfect : as others have described , you 're met at your gate , seated in an electric cart , and whisked past all the other deplaning passengers to immigration. HK 's airport is already the world 's best airport , and the LMO meet-and-greet service makes a pleasant airport experience all the more so .

so many others before me have attested in great detail to the beautiful atmosphere and extraordinary service at the Landmark Mandarin Oriental that I can not do much more than add my wholehearted accord to the deservedly glowing reviews. Our very first moments promised an incredible week-long stay. Eva , the kind and ultra-professional front desk agent , efficiently checked us in and then showed us to our room , going through the many amenities with us â € “ a delightful arrangement I had never experienced before. My room , the smaller of the two types available , was large , comfortable and amazingly outfitted with the latest in technology. I was happy to find a leather box with all the cables I would need to connect my laptop to the internet and my ipod to the fully-integrated entertainment system. The large , wall-mounted flat screen-tv served as the interface for all the entertainment components and was a delight to watch .

from the moment i steped out of the plane from Paris to the day i left the hotel , the Landmark experience was the most extraordinary one i ever had in a 5 stars hotel. The escort from the desembarking jetway , the staff including the room amanager waiting for me at the hotel entrance , the light breakfast displayed in the room before my arrival , the in room check in , the concierge efficiency...all was perfect. All seemed easy. The L600 room was spotless , the SPA was amazing of tranquility , simplicity. Breakfast at Amber restaurant was fantastic .

just adding my two pennies worth , the previous reviews were very comphrehensive , but here is my experience of the baby Mandarin .

how could I describe paradise found ? The hotel was exquisite. We opted to utilize their airport transport service , and we were met right by the gate by a staff member , and whisked through the airport on a golf cart through customs. Our luggage was the first one out and we were escorted to a luxurious Mercedes. A hotel staff member was waiting for us at the curb of the hotel , and we were immediately led to our beautiful corner room on the top floor. It was almost like a dream .

from the moment you arrive in Hong Kong the exceptional service begins. Even without a hotel transfer the staff meet you at the gate and ensure you breeze through the airport. Check-in is swift and courteous. The deluxe rooms are superbly appointed with exceptional attention to detail. Make sure you check out the spa , one of the best I have ever encountered. This is the ideal hotel for business and well located in Central Hong Kong. Unbeatable !

the spa rooms are bathrooms with a room ! Room d Ã © cor was very modern and stylish. The perfume scents in the corridors and in the rooms are delicious. The technology gadgets on the rooms are super and the rooms are very well appointed. Service is outstanding. If you like stylish modern rooms this an excellent option with outstanding service. The location is great from the night scene , waking distance from the best clubs and bars in Hong Kong .

the trauma involved was having to leave. This hotel is the best I have stayed in , anywhere in the world. It 's even better than the original Mandarin Oriental a couple of blocks away. The service is different - it 's not as olde-worlde as the original MO , but still light years ahead of most other places. We had a Landmark Suite - which was not cheap at â ‚ ¬ 500 a night , but - honestly - it was the best money I 've ever spent on a hotel room. The room was sumptuous - enormous ; flat screen TVs ; rainfall showers ; Aromatherapy Associates toiletries ; 3 different kinds of robe ; gorgeous bed ; fruit ; the works. There is no Harbour or City view at the hotel , but that 's more than made up for by the rooms , spa , bar , service and location. Book it .

during my recent trip to Hong Kong , I managed to stay at the Island Shangri-La , Langham Place , JIA , Landmark MO and Hotel LKF. I 've stayed at the Four Seasons &amp ; Grand Hyatt previously. The Landmark MO , without a doubt is the best so far. It is unquestionably HK â € ™ s most glamorous , sophisticated , ultra-luxury , contemporary boutique hotel. It sets such a high benchmark for other top hotels to follow .

i stayed here back in January and am still smiling. The staff were incredibly efficient and very accomodating. Check-in was a breeze , the whole thing completed in our room in minutes. The hotel was very responsive to email enquiries and requests from the UK. I ca n't fault it. It would always be nicer if you could get a bargain but you pay for what you get. It 's a great Central location. Efficient , Clean , Competent , Comfortable and to cap it all I proposed to my girlfriend in their fantastic Mo Bar and she said yes. I will deifnitely go back if ever in that part of the world again .

there has been a lot of hype about this hotel and that has largely been warranted. from this entrance to the rooms this hotel simply works. The rooms are huge : mine contained a bed area , a sitting area and a massive bathroom , all of which contained plasma televisions. There is also an abundance of useful technology including power operated blinds and an intelligent lighting system. At the time there was no swimming pool , something that will change in September , but I did make use of the free areas of the spa , containg steam room , sauna , hydrotheraphy pool and scented showers. i never use spas but this was absolutely wonderful and very relaxing after a busy day in Hong Kong. The restaurant was impressive but it must be said very expensive. Another nice touch that the hotel included was being transported from the plane to the passport check on a bugy. This just highlights the attention to detail that the hotel pays and it is really the superb service that makes this hotel. If you do n't mind the lack of views I highly recomend this hotel .

