this hotel calls itself a 'boutique hotel ' , but it is nothing special really. It is in a tall thin building which is 20 stories high but only 4 rooms wide. It has a separate bar which does n't seem much frequented , and the rooms are so-so for the price. The first one I saw smelled of mould , and all the fire sprinkler pipes were exposed in the ceiling , and rather dusty. The second was OK if you left the aircon on permanently , but the lavatory produced some pretty odd smells. Breakfast was perfunctory. Not a bad place , but not really worth the money .

i 've stayed in 6 different hotels in the TST area from the Chungking Mansions to the Sheraton , and the Minden was definitely the best value option. I 've stayed at the Minden probably 5 - 6 times over the past 3 years .

i have visited the Minden several times this year and each time it has been the usual , reliable hotel and the cost has been real value for money a difficult thing to find in Hong Kong . The rooms are not large but they have all the facilities that you need on a business trip , internet , desk to work at and comfortable bed. The location of the hotel is ok , on the slightly seedier side of Kowloon but it is close to Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station and from there the whole of Hong Kong is available. Also you can walk to the Star Ferry and other points of interest .

the Minden was okay.... The main positives are it 's location , right at the bottom of Kowloon , just off Nathan Road and the price of its rooms around Â £ 90 a night for a standard room . The room was perfectly adequate and nicely decorated although the beds are quite hard. The main disadvantage for us was that our room faced onto Minden Avenue with its many clubs and bars and we had quite a lot of noise during the three nights we stayed. Not what you need when you are dealing with jet lag ! Breakfast was a bit uninspiring , toast and jam , and one type of muffin as well as juice and coffee. However you could order a full cooked breakfast for $ 50 , although I never saw anyone with one. The outside terrace in the bar is very pleasant and we were given a voucher for a free drink which we eventually took upstairs as we were the only people in the bar ! .

we stayed here for a week over Christmas and found this hotel to be adequate. Hotels can be pretty expensive in HK and you rarely get value for money unless you 're paying Â £ 150 plus a night. I 've previously stayed in two YMCA 's - the better of the two is the Salisbury YMCA overlooking the harbour but you have to book well in advance to secure a room. Given we did n't want to pay a whole lot of money for accommodation , we opted for the Minden - which , at the end of the day , we got what we paid for. The hotel was modern and clean I agree the reception staff were crap but the bar staff in the brilliant 5th floor bar were great and very polite but the room we were given was on the small side - which is n't unusual for HK hotels. The bars on the other side of the road are not seedy despite what an earlier review says but are ultra trendy bars to have a drink - take advantage of the 2-1 but remember it only counts if you each order a full priced drink . I agree about the noise levels after dark though - very very noisy - we had to buy ear plugs to drown out the noise to get some sleep ! Overall , I probably would n't stay here again. YMCA Salisbury is the best value for money if you ask me .

we were looking for a conveniently placed hotel in Kowloon and this was fine location for getting about. However it 's in a seedy street with late night clubs and bars and even on the 20th floor we were surprised at the level of noise until 5.00 am each night .

we Stayed at The Minden for 3 nights in April 2007 on our return from Australia. This hotel is ideally located on Kowloon about 10 minutes walk from Star Ferry. We found the rooms to be very clean , as was the rest of the hotel .

the hotel is in a great location , close to public transport etc .

the Minden provided very good value for Hong Kong hotels. The location was very good and was close to MTR , KCR , and subway to the Museum and waterfront promenade .

the location of the hotel is great. It is two minutes to the nearest MTR exit and close to almost everything a tourist could ask for. It is also clean. The toilet is not fancy but its got nice finishings. It was value for money .

this was my 2nd visit at the hotel - from the previous year - and as much as the location is ideal ; near MTR , train , ferry as well as having many taxi 's available , the horrible service - or rather &quot ; no service&quot ; will stop me from returning to The Minden .

we booked with the Minden after some internet research. They gave us a good rate for their deluxe room as we were staying two weeks , and it was after the Chinese New Year .

this was the second time I stayed at this hotel.Well located , most places in Tsim Shat Sui are a short walk from this hotel .

it has quite a good location with the kowloon &quot ; lan kwai fong&quot ; below , it has a quite yet not deserted feel. The staff is quite polite and they always clean up our room after we came back from outside. The room is clean although not very big. The most different is that they provide continental breakfast for guests for free as we know hong kong hotel do not provide breakast for guest.. as least for free.. They have shuttle bus outside that shuttle us to the kowloon express and is near to all the shopping area .

business trip , stayed for one night on arrival before travelling to china. free shuttle bus to the hotel from kowloon station if travel from airport by airport express. fantastic location in the centre of tsim sha tsui , in the middle of all public transport but set back away from main roads , so easy enough to travel anywhere and quiet enough to sleep .

booked 2 superior twin rooms. The rooms are clean and simple design. Toilet is a bit bare .

