very trendy hotel , just off Nathan Road , Kowloon. Service was very good ; especially Chumm at the front desk did an excellent job. Rooms are relatively small but well equiped. Fantastic breakfast buffet. Fire alarm went off false alarm in our room. In no time security knocked on our door to check things and reset the switch. Drawbacks : all public areas in hotel were extremly cold ; airconditioning going full blast ! We were not informed when we booked that Spa was beeing renovated and therefore not accessible .

i booked this hotel for 12 nights under impression of very positive reviews on the web. Although it was not a disaster , the hotel turned out to be hardly above the average level of comfort. Regular room of the club floor that I was initially given was quite small , nevertheless would be acceptable for a single person unless a putrid smell coming from the air conditioning soon after it was turned on. Fortunately the problem was limited only to one wing and there was a vacant suite available in another wing of the club floor for extra 1,000HKD per night , so I moved there .

great hotel in an ideal location in the heart of tourist Hong Kong with easy access to the MTR whichever way you turn .

awesome service , excellent Kowloon location , but what was truly remarkable was the supermodern design of everything from the lobby to the rooms. Ca n't recommend highly enough if you are into modern design and like to have a glass wall between bedroom and bathroom ! .

mira is a recently renovated and certainly try hard to be 21st Century hotel. Its location is very convenient and easy to visit everywhere you like shopping , catch MRT to Lantau Island and Yuen Long . They provide a mobile phone which guess could use if they didnt bring any phone to HK. The cafe downstairs is nice but too expensive. The consierge is very helpful but the porter is very slow. They kept our luggage for 0.5 hours even though after calling them 2 to 3 times. Eventually I need to come down and insist of taking our luggage upstairs myself , before I actually get really upset .

the Mira is an excellent modern hotel in TST. Has a similar dark , stylish , yet cozy feel like a W Hotel , but with additional technological features. This hotel will definitely appeal to techies , business travelers , and savvy tourists .

good location within like 5mins walk from TsimShatSui MTR B1 exit. Opp has Miramar Shopping Center which has plenty to offer. Down the road , local delicacy resturant til midnight or convenience shop just steps away .

enjoyed our 2 nights stay at The Mira. We arrived late on our check-in date almost midnight and the moment we got off our coach transfer , the concierge rushed over to help us with our lugages. Now this is what you call a 5-star service ! The front desk was extremely helpful and was all way out to accommodate our fussy requests , guess that 's how chaotic things can get when you travel with family members .

they ARE SO RUDE AND INCONSIDERATE ! ! ! I MOVED TO THE MARCO POLO AFTER THE FIRST NIGHT BECAUSE I COULD NOT STAND HOW AWFULLY THEY TREATED ME AND THEIR OTHER GUESTS .

things we loved about the Mira :

this is one hotel who has completed a refurbishment and did not compromise on quality - it seems. Nothing looks cheap. All works well. Amenities in the room impressive. Bose sound docks you have to love ! And staff were fantastic !

stayed at the Mira for 4 nights last week. The hotel is a pretty cool place and all the positive reviews were spot on. I go to HK about 5 times per year and almost always stay at the Renaissance Kowloon because of my status with Marriott. Never again will I stay there. The Mira has a hip look a fantastic crew and nice ammenities in the room. I particularly enjoyed the Bose Ipod speakers and the free internet which costs me a lot in other hotels , The rooms are a good size for HK and the lighting is nice .

the Mira is outstanding. Amazing refurbishment to the whole hotel , perfect location and we loved that everything was brand new !

hotel is very modern with in room computer supplied. The rooms are small by western standards but are very comfortable. The park on the other side of Nathan is great place to get away from the bustle of Hong Kong for a few. Did not eat at the restaurant there are plenty of places nearby. Knutsford Terrace is just across the street and has everything from Star Bucks to Steak Houses .

the Mira hotel is one of the most modern and stylish hotels , with a sensational attention to detail. Upon walking into the lobby , you are enchanted with the massive modern waved entry way , and the dark modern ambiance. Being in the hotel makes you feel very classy and chic. The staff was very nice and accommodating , not stuffy at all. One criticism , I wished the check-in time was a bit shorter but , it was a busy afternoon .

the Mira was an unexpected , fantastic hotel ; probably the best I 've stayed in ! spent 15 years frequently travelling on business

i recently stayed at the mira hotel and had a wonderful stay. The hotel is hip and cool without being overly chummy. The staff are friendly but do n't cross the line. I do n't want a new best friend just good friendly service .

i booked my stay at the Mira based on a visit to the hotel last march during a very quick visit to Hong Kong. From the lobby the hotel looked like my kind of hotel , modern minimalist and functional .

we have been to mira a number of times in the last decade before its recent transformation ... though it has lost some of its 'old charm ' and 'roomy space ' , it is certainly for the better that it has decide to move on !

we had a chance to visit Hongkon recently on the business trip. It was a urgent meeting therefore we only have 2 days to prepare ourselves. We decided to pick The Mira Hotel from the internet. When we got there , we are please with our choice .

first of all let me say this : The Mira was not on my wishlist .

i was lured to this hotel by one of their staff members who took my details from the Langham place hotel where I am a regular guest , when she changed jobs .

this hotel is under construction , and you will hear it every morning. This also means that there is no pool even though there 's still a picture of one on their website . I 'm sorry , but providing ear plugs does not compensate for being woken up by fire alarms and jack hammers at 8 in the morning. Hotel staff were apathetic to these concerns - no compensation was offered for the lies i.e. the pool and lack of information no mention of construction posted on their website , only simple promises of 'oh , I 'll let my manager know that'. If I had n't had to pre-pay in full on Priceline , I would have walked out the door the second I arrived .

my husband and 3 year old son stay at the mira hotel. We were treated like royals. I highly recommended this hotel. It has flat large flat screen tv , wireless unlimited internet , rain water showers. The hotel was very modern and sophisticated and helpful , friendly staff. The bed was big enough that the 3 of us could sleep in. Overall the best hotel i have ever stay at and i did n't want to leave , we were spoilt .

we do n't usually book expensive hotels whenever we go on vacation but , reading about The Mira , we decided to make this an exception. We were not disappointed. We booked the hotel package that includes breakfast and airport-hotel limousine transfer for 6 rooms .

i spent 2 nights with my partner in this newly renovated hotel. I had not stayed here before but the new look is indeed very impressive .

the reaction to this hotel will be a personal one. For me , this hotel was outstanding , but for a more traditional person , the modern features of this hotel can be a little daunting .

exceptional hotel , the first of it 's modern class i 've staued in to. The room is classy with complete button,s polished clear glass for the bathroom , large plasma and even a nokia phone connected to the room number which the guest my bring outside , the room i got though has an ugly view outside , froting the back of another building. Tastefully designed. Price maybe above average but certainly worth the feel of it .

known as Hotel Miramar when we stayed in July 08 , the hotel was undergoing major renovations but they managed them well so we were not interupted. However , our room did not have a window ! Not something I have ever felt I needed to request in a hotel room. The curtained wall opened to an opaque glass window with a lit up brick wall behind it ! Made the room too gloomy &amp ; the bed was too hard as is the case in alot of Hong Kong hotels. However , those 2 things aside it was in a great position , nice &amp ; central and the staff were very pleasant .

we stayed at the Mira from Jan 3 to Jan 8 , 2009 and the entire family loved it ! The accomodations is probably one of the BEST I have ever experienced .

we have just returned from a week stay at the Mira Hotel. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service before. It was indeed an awesome experience !

arrived late at the hotel which was being renovated and when show to the room was blown away by the standard and the quality of the finish .

so a little background info , Hong Kong was the final leg in the trip across China , and having only ever landed at the awesome Hong Kong airport before , we thought a daytrip in Hong Kong was in order so booked one night - with hindsight I would recommend a minimum of 2 or 3 nights in Hong kong .

great , great hotel .

this is a great stay for anyone who wants top class service and amenities in Hong Kong without booking into a chain. The rooms are a little dated compared to some of its competitors , but the Miramar is having an overhaul. The location could n't be better with TST on your doorstep and Central two stops away by metro. Be sure you get a non smoking floor .

i found the staff here to be extremely helpful without exception. I was with a group and everyone else had positive experiences as well. My room was unrennovated , so its furnishings were a little dated. But it was quite clean , nonetheless .

this is my 2nd time staying in this hotel. The last time I stayed , I remembered the rooms to be rather dim , so it was a pleasant surprise to find the rooms nicely lighted .

we stayed here in August 06 as part of a family holiday 2 kids for 5 nights. The location is great very central close to MTR stop and a 10 minute walk from the Star Ferry terminal with a bus stop outside as an alternative. There are plenty of shops and restaurants right outside. The hotel is busy and check in took some time. We were upgraded to a suite which turned out to be an ashtray - it stank of smoke disgusting. We were then given a 'normal ' room overlooking the park which was no smoking clean and perfectly adequate. Breakfast in the atrium was poor and expensive - we were given one free breakfast and would not eat there again. Better options nearby. There was a small pool in the basement which was good for the kids to let off steam. Great location and despite the bustle the room was quiet .

we stayed at Hotel Miramar in Kowloon for 3 nights .

we stayed at this hotel as a second choice as our first choice was under renovation and low and behold this hotel also is under renovation which was not pleasant - on arrival our booking was stuffed up and took a bit of fixing but the staff were very helpful. We had nice room but maybe old rooms as they seemed dated but we were together which was what we wanted. The staff were really nice and very helpful and nothing was too much trouble from the concierge to the cleaning crew. Despite the renovations we had a pleasant stay and it was very central to all the things we wanted and a 2 minute walk from the train station which was handy .

situated relatively close to the Star Ferry this hotel meets all your basic requirements with reasonable luxury. It is a big hotel in a very busy city and this will impact on your opinion. We found it fine , with good breakfasts clean rooms and helpful staff. We would use it again and as experienced travellers this is not always the case .

hotel Miramar , 118-130 Nathan Road , Kowloon. We stayed in a Club Floor Room which is on the 9th floor only. Inclusions were buffet breakfast , complimentary beverage after breakfast until 8-30pm , complimentary cocktail reception 6-8-30pm , unlimited b/band internet,

a modern hotel set in the bustling Kowloon District. The staff are very friendly and the rooms are above average in size. We did not eat in the hotel as it was quite expensive and there are so many fantastic restaurants close. The rooms are well sound proofed as you do not hear a thing from outside .

had a smashing stay in Hong Kong third visit ! helped by the location of the hotel. Easy access to many of the great HK attractions , on foot , by MTR or KCR , by taxi or bus ! The hotel was comfortable and had everything we need I do n't go on holiday to stay in the Hotel the whole time ! . Room was clean , massage was great , food was okay for a hotel , but most meals were taken outside in the wonderful street cafes ! Will certainly return to HK and would stay in the Miramar again if the price is right !

we recently visited Hong Kong and stayed at the Miramar. All I can say is &quot ; stay somewhere else&quot ; . It was terrible. The rooms smelt of that musty/mouldy smell. They are in the throws of renovating so it may be better once the reno 's are completed - it would want to be. I complained ferociously and told them that it was more a 2 star hotel than a 4 star and demanded to be shifted which I was after sitting in the foyer for 5 hours demanding to see management. They were going to upgrade me to a new room if I paid ! ! ! In the end I got a newly refurbished room at a normal rate. Not worth the hassle as it was our first stop on our 6 week trip away .

just back from a weeks stay at the Hotel Miramar. Great location , excellent service , staff very friendly .

spent four nights at Mirramar Hotel and found it to be a excellent Hotel. The accommodation was very nice and the staff from front desk to room attendants were very friendly and helpful. We included breakfast with our booking and this was excellent value

miramar hotels best feature is its location it is located close to kowloon park and equal walking distance to mtr and night market . Short one stop mtr ride or long walk to shopping area and entertainment surrounding pennisula hotel and star ferry terminal .

we stayed at Miramar on May 23-27,2007. We were given a choice of either a room with no view or a room facing kimberly road but had to wait till 3pm. we opted for the latter.The room was spacious with 2 arm chairs &amp ; coffee table. The front desk was fast in service with just a few forms to fill up.They were friendly .They gave us a card to access a seperate lift to go to the gym/swimming pool which is heated. I got my room for $ 126. The bed is double which is a little cramp for 2 but manageable. Location is excellent with a lot of resto and shops that open early and closes late 11 : 30pm . Its so easy to get a taxi and airport express bus stops right in front of the hotel too. Overall , i would not hesitate to come back to miramar with my 2 kids aged 7 &amp ; 12 .

excellent location - room very comfortable and room service efficient. Although in the center of Kowloon on Nathan Road , you

pros : Nice breakfast , okay location on Nathan Rd , rooms are &quot ; okay&quot ; .

stayed in superior room on 24-29 Mar07. Hotel is well maintain , clean and neat. Not as sparkling as the 5star business hotel , but more than enough for leisure trip. Staffs are very helpful , service is quick. Room is at good size considering it is hongkong. The twin beds are comfortable and it is a 1.2m wide twin bed. MTR is one minute walking distance. Not much view from my room which I guess will be the case for most superior room. In the middle of shopping area , restaurants are all over the place. Will certainly comeback .

i stayed at this hotel in early January 2007. The location is very good and rooms are ok for a 4 star , nothing really special but worth it for the price. We were very lucky we were upgraded to a suite. Personnel at the front desk are really helpful and very friendly .

very clean , nice entrance and staff at the door to welcome you in. Double bed very small lengthwise but standard room spacious and had all that was needed. Situated on Nathan Road , ideal for shopping but slightly too far out when walking to the Star Ferry for Hong Kong Island. Ideal for Kowloon Park which is worth a visit to chill after the tremendous pace of the city. Be sure to visit Stanley Road Market - you need to catch a bus No 9 from HK Island but it is well worth it and the scenery on the way down is great .

we Stayed at the Miramar on a stop over to Mauritius and I had to drag my husband to Hong Kong screaming and kicking all the way I then had to drag him away , we loved it. This hotel was a fabulous base to see Hong Kong Island and Kowloon , we could n't have chosen better for the price. The Lobby is beautiful and the restuarant clean. The breakfast would keeps us going for the day. Full English , continental through to my favourite dim-sum what a start .

i stayed here for three nights this October on route to Australia and could n't have been better pleased. Good location , clean rooms , attentive staff. The groundfloor restaurant was used for breakfast and was excellent. Buffet style , well laid out and again , attentive staff. Very handy for most locations and within walking distance of Star Ferries , Temple Street night market a must see ! ! etc. Room size was good , clean and with a minibar. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. We will stay their next time !

we stayed at the Miramar for four days in September and found it to be very comfortable with easy access to transport

we stayed at the Miramar for 4 nights and found it to be a good hotel for the price we paid approx HKD685 per night excluding the 13 % taxes . The hotel is well located on Nathan Rd with Tsim Sha Tsui MTR just a couple of minutes away. Plenty of shopping and food places just outside the hotel .

my mom and I stayed in this hotel for 4 days and 3 nights. The hotel is located near a MTR station Tsim Sha Tsui which becomes more convenient upon traveling to different places around Hong Kong .

hotel was good , reception staff left a lot to be desired though as did not speak good english. Asked for breakfast in bed but kept getting told they did not do buffet. Woke up one night wondering why there was a little girl in our room , she was dressed in old fashioned clothes , just as I was about to turn the light on to take her to reception of course not even thinking how did she get into the room she disappeared. Thing is though I did not feel scared. Partner also found that anytime he went into the bathroom he felt as though his head was spinning. My first and hopefully last visit from a ghost. Watch out for her as I am sure she does n't just visit one room. Good hotel apart from that but view from room was of a ventilation system and we got the noise from the elevator shaft at all time or day and night. Great place to be if you want to be central though. Would stay at another hotel next time I go .

just returned from a 13 night stay in the Miramar Hotel. The location is great. It is opposite the Miramar Shopping Mall which can be accessed directly from the hotel so you can go shopping with out having to go outside when its raining. This also connects to Knutsford Steps which has a good Starbucks. The MTR Station is only a 2 minutes walk away which gives access to almost anywhere in Hong Kong .

the front desks staffs gave us a bad first impression. Not one of them smile to the guests. In fact they only smile when they engaged in their small talks .

book it on expedia , got half the rate of a very luxurious hotel right in the middle of the great city center. Superb location , super acomodation

the Miramar is a busy hotel based in the middle of Kowloon,

our adult family group of six stayed at this conveniently located hotel on Nathan Road in Kowloon for 4 days in late June 2006 and occupied three different units. Then , four of us returned 11 days later to occupy two rooms. The staff is accommodating and service is excellent. They stored luggage for us until our return. I booked through Expedia .

exploring the streets of Kowloon on foot can be an intense experience for any visitor to Hong Kong. Having a comfortable place to stay in the area is essential. After our two-night stay during a sightseeing stopover , we are satisfied that the Miramar fits the bill .

after staying here for five nights in march i can say i found the hotel very good.The hotel staff were excellent.Anything we wanted no matter at what time day or night we got in minutes.The two trips we went on to the big budda and disneyland were booked at the hotel and we were picked up from the lobby,good value and service.Breakfast was excellent having great choice and service.Room was big and clean but did need modernizing.Hotel is in great location and as we paid about 80 pounds a night good value for money.I would recommend travellers on this sort of budget to stay here .

other reviewers seem to have a love/hate experience ; we got just what we were hoping for .

three of us required a night 's stay in Hong Kong and unfortunately did n't book a hotel room in advance. We preferred to stay in the harbour area of Kowloon and decided to walk around and pick out a hotel. Bad idea. Most hotels were booked up and we ended up at the Mirimar Hotel. Happy about the location and the fact that a room was available , we decided to stay for about $ 300.00 USD for the 3 of us in one crowded and dreary room. There was no view at all because the window would n't open and the glass was covered with frosted transluscent plastic. It was a non-smoking room , but still stank of stale smoke and one wall had mold stains on the wallpaper. Also , the extra bed was jammed up against the controls for the light switches and we had a really hard time turning the lights on and off. The service was lukewarm and an overall mediocre experience. I stayed in way better hotels in Hong Kong for much less money. It pays to shop around in advance !

rooms - Upon check-in , we were upgraded to Executive rooms , all 6 rooms in total. The rooms were splendid : spacious , clean , newly renovated and classy. I was delighted as this is by far the best tourist class hotel I have experienced in HK. Even better than Kowloon Hotel , Holiday Inn. Offers great value for $ .

i 've stayed at the Miramar 3 times , as well as the Holiday Inn Golden Mile and the BP International over the last 3 years .

miramar is in a great location. I stayed for 6 nites in September 2005. I would definitely stay here again. I booked my standard room thru Expedia at a good price &amp ; was able to use the swimming pool big &amp ; empty , I had the whole pool to myself at no extra charge. The bathroom grout was dirty , I didnt have liquid soap for bathing on the first day , the key to my in-room safe didnt work &amp ; the manager never fixed it , there was only 1 public phone in the lobby &amp ; the staff was not knowledgable about the free Airport Express shuttle bus , which stops right outside---BUT---I recommend Miramar cuz of the excellent location &amp ; spacious room &amp ; nice toiletries .

we just got back from a 4 days stay in Hongkong. We stayed at Miramar Hotel. The location is accessible to all modes of transportation be it ferry , bus or MTR. The rooms are clean and has a complimentary bottled water everyday. The hotel staff well trained and attentive to our needs. From the airport we took Airport Express to Kowloon station there 's a free shuttle which stops right at the doorstep of Hotel Miramar which is located in Nathan Road TST. Nearby is the famous Granville St where you can find great bargains for ladies clothes and accessories. 15-20 mins walk you can reach Harbour City- Ocean Terminal a huge shopping complex famous for branded items. 7-11 , Mcdonalds , KFC , some dimsum restaurant are just few blocks away. We will surely come back and stay in this hotel .

i have stayed in many hotels in Hong Kong I would say that if you are going to stay in Kowloon this has the best location. It is right by the MTR , buses , shops , good restaurants etc and is in a bustling part of town. I would recommend the chinese restaurant in the hotel at which we ate a delicious and very reasonable lunch on two occasions. The cafe/buffet on the ground floor was also good. I used the pool and gym which were satisfactory and as a guest was surprised to be charged a small fee for this .

stayed for 6 days in Jun 2005 for the third time. Do n't let the lobby fool you. The rooms are not as impressive as the lobby .

miramar is located in heart of Kowloon , only a short stroll to MTR &amp ; within 5 minutes walk to Star Ferry , or just take a red cab which are in abundance. It is opposite Kowloon Park which is a lovely place to relax away from the hustle and bustle. Hotel staff were very friendly and always willing to help. Room was average sized , with the beds being very comfortable. The buffet breakfast was also very good. I would not hesitate to recomend this hotel as a place to stay whilst in Hong Kong.. .

