we stayed twice within 5 days in this hotel during Christmas time. The first two nights we booked Harbour View rooms. View was excellent. Everything else went alright .

wasnt sure what to expect , read some mixed reviews , but not disappointed at all. Staff were helpful and plenty of them ! and rooms were compact but pleseant. My partner loved to spend 10 mins sat admiring the harbour view while waiting for me to get a move on. We got the hotel shuttle bus from the airport , but as we had to wait around for it , then we were last drop off , it took 1.5 hrs and next time would just get the MTR airport express to central and jump a cab...much quicker and no more expensive cheaper if a few are sharing a taxi . The airport express train is fantastic , check in your luggage at the train station on your way home for hassle free travel....why cant we have this service in other major cities ? ? ? Wan chai MTR is about 7 mins walk away , but there are a few different routes to try out and different enterances , so try a different one each time to vary your route and see the local shops/ pubs etc. Star ferry is 5 mins away , and the bus to Stanley is just round the back of the hotel , on main rd 2 mins walk away and buses go to other destinations from here as its a main Wan Chai stop . Do buy an Octopus card at the MTR station as its so much easier than routing round for change , the public transport is very cheap and your money seems to go a long way...use it on the ferry and bus too. Breakfast was quite good , but next time i would go room only and buy locally to save some cash. Only 2 disappointments , firstly the cost of internet access surley this should be a standard free service now in hotels ? ? at least in the public areas and secondly there is no bar to meet for drinks , which considering the fab view seems a shame and a missed opportunity as couldnt find any other local bars which made the most of the view. Overall would recommend , and we paid much less than was quoted for any of the top 15 hotels on trip advisor , so decent value too .

  minutes walk from the train station and a bunch of restaurants. Very clean , tasteful rooms. Pretty large by Hong Kong standards. If they had free internet access , I 'd have rated them 5 stars. I had to pay 300 per day for internet access .

friendly reception and comfortable room , well serviced every day. Breakfast was excellent , with a good variety of offerings. Concierge was especially helpful. This hotel is well placed for travel , with easy access to public transportation as well as the many pedestrian walkways around Hong Kong .

this is the third time i have visited HK and as compared with the previous two hotels which i had stayed in -YMCA salisbury and Metropark Mongkok , the location wise is not so fantastic. Reason being you will need to take about 10mins walk to the MTR. But it is good in the sense that if you want somewhere peaceful and away from the bustling life then this hotel is good. my sleep was not interrupted at all , usually I would easily get waken up by noise. you cant hear anything next door except when someone close the door .

service was excellant,would recommend and would stay there again , which we will be doing. great location,good value for money

our flight arrived early morning and took the shuttle to the hotel. Hotels reception is friendly and accomodating , they let us leave our luggage at the lobby for the check-in still at 2PM. I am pleased as we entered the room..its cozy and relaxing just what we needed after a days of walking around HK. I love the rain shower and the water pressure and Hot&amp ; Cold mixer is pretty good.One thing i like about the hotel is the location. As you stepped out of the hotel its not crowded and Wanchai MTR is just 10 mins walk thru the footbridge. It is just across HK convention center and hyatt hotel. I could simply say its a great value for your money .

just came back from Hong Kong , where we stayed for 8 days at the Harbourview. We chose this hotel for 2 reasons : # 1 because it was right across the street from the convention center in WanChai district where my husband was going to be working all week ; # 2 because of the price. There are many other hotels at much higher rates but this one did the job perfectly fine for us. This hotel is rated a 3 stars which it is. No frills or pizzaz but what they lack in frills they more than make up for it in service. Outstanding service throughout our whole stay there. The room we had was on the 15th floor with a harbour view. Worth asking for. Although you do n't normally spend lots of time in the hotel room it was really nice to have the views when waking up in the morning or coming back at night. Where else will you get those views ?

not a good hotel. The rooms are small and the bathroom minute. No bath only a shower. The single bed is also small and the room smells. The view is terrible around the back of the hotel and the airconditioning unit is noisy all night. I asked for a late check out to 2pm and had to pay an extra 450 HK dollars and the guy on reception was rude. The fuse in the room went and the TV just switched itself off. Oh and there is no bar in the hotel after 11.30pm ! ! !

we stayed at this hotel for 5 days , and this hotel was worth paying ! The location was superb ! The view facing Victoria harbor was fantastic and very quiet at night , far from busy buzzing Hong Kong night life .

we stayed several nights here while exploring HK with our 3 year old. The double room with harbour view was not huge but perfectly large enough for the 3 of us and our boy slept on a roll away bed that we pushed up against the window and he soon went to sleep while watching the boats lights moving on the river below. We spent a greaqt deal of time spotting Star Ferries .

the hotel was well positioned for the Star Ferry over to Kowloon , which is noisy and touristy down Nathan Road etc. Pretty harbour view , but the lights are better from Kowloon side. The staff are professional and helpful. The hotel style was adequate but dated. Musty smell of aging carpets throughout the hotel public areas. VERY good power shower. Felt herded like cattle in the buffet breakfast. Very busy during the week due to events at the conference centre. Nowhere to hang out during the day as the restaurant was like an empty conference room during the day , but there is a nice cafe at the Arts Centre next door where you can also book tickets to events. Get an Octopus card - makes life much easier.. .

clean , great views , good location on Hong Kong Island / Wanchai area. 3-5 minutes from MTR .

we stayed at HARBOURVIEW HOTEL between JUL 29 - AUG 4 , 2009 at room1916 .

this hotel is simply fantastic. It 's worth paying the little extra to get a Premier Room which overlooks the harbour. The views are stunning and infinitely better than some of the big chains on Hong Kong Island. Brilliant location. Spotlessly clean .

all the other reviews about this place were correct and very helpful in deciding to stay here. We took the A12 bus from the airport and got off at the Hong Kong academy of performing arts. The hotel is a short walk behind the academy check the free map at the airport- the Harbourview is marked on it. If you are going to use the airport express , there is a free shuttle bus to the convention centre which is a 5 min walk from this hotel .

a 3 star basic but adequate hotel with small and clean rooms , very hard bed , great harbour views if you pay extra HKD100 , and well located for the HK Convention &amp ; Expo Centre , just a short way across the road. If you are on a budget , this is great. If you are willing to walk 10-15 minutes to public transport , this is great but taxis readily available . Our trip was spoilt by 2 noisy related families across the hall who had no manners and had kids and parents yelling at each other until past midnite....par for the course as cheap hotels attract 'cheap ' clientele as well. Beware...twin rooms have 2 single beds...and the beds are short and will not suit anybody over 5'10&quot ; . Do n't bother trying to sneak extra kids or people in one room...the checkin staff are very diligent and notice how many people are in each room ! Rooms are too small than for 2 people anyway .

paid about HKD 500 via wotif booking. Small room , but clean. Plastic cover on lift doors changed hourly. Germicide spray for our hands in many locatons. Unobtrusive service .

do n't confuse the Harbourview with the Renaissance Harbourview which is only two blocks away. The cab driver may take you there unless you tell him that it 's the Harbourview , No.4 Harbour Road that you 're after. The Renaissance is definitely a 5 star hotel so you might feel a little let down if you see that one first !

the Harbourview is the best value hotel I found after trawling the internet for HK hotels , with good location and great view. We arrived at HK airport got straight on the train to Hong Kong station and then got a taxi to the hotel known to taxi drivers as the YMCA Harbourview . The taxi was less than Â £ 4 , it was n't very far , but we had a couple of bags. I think the first thing that struck us was the sheer number of staff in the lobby alone , we were met by the porter before the taxi had even stopped ! Checkin was smooth and the staff were very friendly. We had booked a standard harbour view room , the room itself was large enough for us , with a double bed , desk and a chair and table and chair. The bathroom was clean , it did n't have a bath , but it did have a lovely large shower , which had a large fixed circular shower head and a separate detachable shower head-which is just what was needed after a 12 hour flight .

we stayed at the Harbourview for four nights and really enjoyed ourselves , our room , the neighbourhood , helpful staff and everything. We have absolutely no complaints at all. The hotel was listed as part of the Qantas Airline holiday package and we had a choice of hotels. We chose the Harbourview because we wanted to stay on Hong Kong Island and have a habour view. The view from our room was great and we never tired of looking at the ever changing scene by day and night. The park opposite the hotel was also attractive to look at and we were interested in the locals doing their daily exercises there .

my fiance and I booked this hotel mainly for the location , price and the proximity to public transportation. It was a 15 minute walk to Pacific Place , one of the major malls on the Hong Kong side , and within a 10 minute walk to the MTR , ferry and bus stations. Our view was horrible , we were facing a parking garage and an office building , but we specifically asked for a non-harbor view room for the price , so we did n't really mind. We just kept the curtains closed all day , which did n't matter because we were never there during the day anyway. The staff were very helpful and knowledgeable , they provide you with a map and give you directions and other information whenever you need it. If you 're looking for a hotel in a central location , close to all forms of public transportation and helpful staff , all for a reasonable price , I 'd highly suggest this hotel .

during our stay at this hotel there was extensive construction being done on the floor just below us , but it did not bother us at all since it was taking place during the day while we were out sightseeing. Upon our arrival we were told that the hotel was upgrading us to a harbor-view room to compensate for the fact that we were staying during the renovation and had not been fore-warned .

i guess finding good value accomodation in Hong Kong is difficult. I thought I was going to find it in this YMCA-run place but was pretty disappointed. There was loud construction from 830 to 6 , surprise ! The view was half obscured even though we splurged on the premier harbourview room. The location 's alright , the room was satisfactory but I would n't stay here , or even in Wanchai again. Head somewhere else , Stanford Hillview , and even the Ramada in Kennedy Town was better .

needed a clean place to stay in Hong Kong for a few nights at a reasonable price. Found that I could book this hotel on hoteltravel.com for $ 76US a night half the price of going direct to the hotel ! . Hotel was good - small rooms but it has all the facilities you need and has recently been remodelled. Hotel does not offer free internet service but there are cafe 's nearby that you can use by buying a coffee. Location is a bit out of the way - it 's about a 20 minute walk along overhead walkways to the nearest MTR station. However , it is not too far to walk to sights in Central or the Star ferry. There is also a bus that stops in front of the hotel Bus # 18 that will take you to Central station for 2.20HK dollars .

we had a 'Harbour View ' Superior twin which cost around 900 HKD per night - pretty cheap for HKG as far as i can see. The reception staff were very polite and helpful on our arrival and throughout our stay , there was always plenty of people on hand at the front desk to offer advice , book taxis etc. The room was cleanish did n't want to look too hard if you know what i mean ? ! The bathroom dated but v clean and the public areas spotless although a lttle drab. I would stay again as the harbourview provided safe , quiet accomodation for 2 female travellers in a fantastic location. If you could spend a little more then maybe the Renaissance round the corner would be a better bet. I have also stayed in the Novotel Wan Chai and would say that it is better than the Harbourview. Just ok but no real complaints .

this hotel , which has some affiliation with the YMCA , was comfortable. The room was a bit small , but its location was very good. The room also had a very good view of the Harbour. It served as a good place to spend a couple of days between flights from the US and Cambodia .

i have recently returned from HK , after staying in this hotel. It is a great hotel in a good location. The room price is also good. I stayed in a refurbished Harbour View Room the best they have on the 20 floor and the cost was only 700 HKD per night plus tax/service charge. It is only a 3 minute walk from the conference centre and roughly the same to Lockhart Road , the entertainment area of Wan Chai .

very good location , very comfortable room , very polite staff. Excellent

i totally enjoyed my stay at harbourview international house.. first of all , because of it 's location.. you 'll feel like your just in the middle of everywhere.... we walked to/fro causeway bay , pacific plaza.... it 's just near everywhere.. the rooms were elegant.. though just short of a bathtub standard room and i didnt mind just to stay in my room &amp ; watch hongkong drama serials during the nights.. if i were to go to HKG again , i 'll definitely head there for my stay.. cheers !

stayed one night last week. Have previously stayed in Kowloon but all the budget options there were sold out so I went with this one .

i went to the annual Hong Kong Book Fair last week and stayed there for 1 night. I booked through HotelClub and it costed me just USD $ 75. I am from Macau and kinda familiar with Hong Kong , and I really think that I got a good deal this time .

i stayed at the Harbour View for 8 nights in May 2008 , and all up I was very pleased. I 'd searched long and hard for a reasonably priced hotel in a good location , and the Harbourview was certainly the best option .

was referred to Harbour View by someone who had lived in Hong Kong. Did n't realise it was a YMCA until after I had booked however based on the reviews here i had booked. Had low expectations but was suprised .

this is definitely a hotel with 2 personalities. All the rooms are the same small size smallest I 've had in HK - maybe I 've been lucky up till now but the &quot ; standard&quot ; rooms are tired and worn out where as the &quot ; premier&quot ; rooms have been renovated in the last few years. It seems that the rooms up to the 11th or 12 floor are the ones that have n't been renovated recently and as I said are quite grubby scuffed wallpaper , stained worn carpets , threadbare furniture , poorly set out tiny plastic bathroom which requires you to step up and over approx 18&quot ; into the shower/bath etc ie. generally worn out and have less facilities that the &quot ; premier&quot ; rooms eg. no in room safe . All rooms types I experienced had the same rock hard beds often found in budget hotels. Not a problem for me but may be an issue for others .

i trawled long and hard through Tripadvisor before booking the Harbour View International House. Everything else that looked decent or had a harbour view was at least twice the price but boy am I glad I picked this gem. Staff were lovely , really attentive. Room was everything you need - smart , clean , good shower , complimentary toiletries etc , modern , harbour view , coffee/tea making facilities , complimentary bottled water , flat screen TV with BBC , CNN etc - actually beyond what you get in a lot of 4 star places I know , in Kyoto the 4 * Hotel Granvia which was twice the price and had the surliest receptionist ever had the cheek to charge for the tea/coffee facilites in the room - who does that ? . Approx. 5/10mins walk from either Star Ferry terminal which worked out very handy for us. All in all a great little find at half the price .

this is a small hotel , located near the convention center in central and by walking distance to the MTR .

we stayed for 2 nights at this hotel and found not only the price good value for money but the staff and room great too .

this hotel is part of the YMCA group and is about 10 minutes walk from the underground train station and Star ferry .

stayed here for two nights this past weekend and thought it was a good value for the price. They upgraded me which also helped. The hotel is very close to the MTR as well as the Wan Chai Star Ferry. ~ 10 min walk to both

i was visiting HK EXHIBITION Hall and stayer in this hotel. Very clean and secure. if you going for exhibition , this hotel is three miutes walk. Do not miss the breakfast , as much as U can eat .

we paid HK $ 1450 for a room/night with an extra bed thru the HKIA Hotel Agent. I thought that it was pretty expensive for the hotel rating of 2 stars as indicated in trip advisor hotel rating but later I realised that it 's worth it .

i recently stayed at the Harbourview International House for 4 nights .

i stayed here for 3 nights although planned for 5 nights. Left on an earlier flight and the staff was excellent about it. The rooms are small , but to be expected in Asian countries. It was a very nice room. It was clean and comfotable. They upgraded my room for free because my husband was to arrive the next day. They sent a baby bed and extra bed for my two kids within 5 minutes of arriving for no charge. The concierge and reception were always exceptionally friendly and helpful. It was located in a very convenient locale and I had a great view of the harbor. The ferry to Kowloon was a 5 minute walk as well as the Admirality train station. I would definitely stay here again ! ! !

i had been to Hong Kong 14 years ago and stayed in the dreaded Chungking Mansions. So , for this trip had a bit of a dilemma about where to stay - Kowloon or on the island. However , after looking at lots of hotels - on the Kowloon and Hong Kong island side , we eventually chose the Harbour View international House. What a great choice ! We had a Premium Harbour View Room - which has a HUGE window looking out over Hong Kong harbour - particularly spectacular at night. We would come back after dinner and have a glass of wine in our room , admiring the view ! The hotel was clean and very efficiently run - with armies of staff to greet you in the reception ! Free safes both in the room and behind reception are available. Also - a good size bathroom as many have complained about small bathrooms in HK . We got a good rate booking through Expedia .

we my girlfriend and I stayed one week and were happy of the choice. Sure one choice to be repeated had we to go back to HK .

it was our first visit to Hong Kong and we chose Harbour View International based on predominantly positive reviews on tripadvisor.com. Using Rates to Go , we made a reasonably priced reservation --3 nights stay in a standard room with daily breakfast for 2 .

stayed 6 nights and had wonderful experience. Great location. Nice and quiet , with Taxi stand nearby , bus stop a block away , and Wan Chai MTR a moderate walk. I liked the buffet breakfast. Staff very friendly and polite. Tour Desk helped me and gave great advice for my day trip to Shenzhen. Hotel desk handled my reservation and Hotellink shuttle with no problem. Rooms very clean. Bed was kind of stiff and small but the comforter was the most comfortable I ever had. Sort of like the ones used at Sofitel hotels. If I stay on Hong Kong island again I will use this hotel again. I recommend it to anyone .

first timer in Hong Kong so did n't really know what to expect. This hotel seemed very reasonably priced considering it is on Hong Kong island itself and near the Convention Centre as well. I paid in advance and my room cost about Â £ 66 a night. I would imagine it is lot more expensive when there is a big convention on. The room was a bit on the small side but nicely furnished and had a good view over the harbour. Quite well located for the Wan Chai MTR station , though I would have said it was nearer 15 mins walk. Did n't use the restaurant so ca n't comment. Staff were very efficient and friendly. Overall , an excellent experience and I would certainly recommend .

having never been to Hong Kong before i was abit on edge about what we were letting ourselves in for. We arrived at the airport an caught the express train to central which was clean and very quick. From then we got a taxi to the hotel which cost us 30 Hong Kong Dollars. Upon arriving the staff were extremly friendly and upgraded our room. A porter help us with our luggage .

i stayed 1 nite alone in the Deluxe room. It was a pleasant surprise , as the room was clean and new , with LCD TV. However , the bed was a bit too hard. As I had a late flight , the hotel gave me a late check-out at 3 pm .

after a horrible experience with the Regal hotel also in Hong Kong this hotel is a complete oasis of hospitality , friendlyness , service and good food for me. Friendly and helpful staff , a good check-in and checkout process without hassle and money-hungry clerks that demand a bloody fortune as &quot ; security deposit&quot ; in cash , clean nice rooms , with quite a couple of rooms offering a great view of the harbour. They have smoking rooms too if you like one. Much of the hotel is being renovated so everything is new , clean , and tastefully decorated. Nice LCD TV 's too. The staff is professional , friendly , service-minded and clearly understands the concept of hospitality and service perfectly. As someone who travels weekly and has seen literally hundreds of hotels over the years , I can only highly recommend this no-hassle , no-fuss , high-quality hotel .

booked hotel when we arrived at hong kong airport , seemed good value for money , friendly staff when we arrived asked for harbour view which was ok. room was small and bathroom even smaller , the beds where the bigest problem very very hard made it difficult to sleep. no tea or coffee but a kettle was provided. no hairdryer in the room had to call housekeeping everyday requesting it , apart from all that the room was clean. dont think i would stay there again because of the beds and it was quite noisy with different people in the corridor all night .

i stayed here for a week on business as my company were exhibiting at the Hong Kong Conference and Exhibition Centre,which is a 5 minute walk opposite the hotel .

i stayed at this hotel because the YMCA has a reputation for running good hotels , and also because of its location : it 's overlooking the harbour and is only about 5 minutes walk from one of the Star Ferry terminals the one at Wan Chai , where you can catch the ferry across to Kowloon side and about the same distance from a lively area with nightclubs , girlie bars , convenience stores , and great places to grab a quick Asian take-away , or catch the MTR subway . It 's quite a good location from which to travel around Hong Kong because of its proximity to the ferry , MTR and major bus routes , and this is the main advantage of this hotel. That said , it 's not in the centre of things : if you want that it 's probably better to head for the Kowloon side Nathan Road area : Tsim Sha Tsui to Mong Kok or Central if you want to stay on the Hong Kong Island side .

my wife and I stayed here for two nights in March 2007 and paid GBP 75.00 per night for a Premier Harbour View room. This is a great hotel in a great location , Wan Chai. Having said that Wan Chai does from what we could see have a fair number of adult oriented clubs so those with families may wish to avoid. The room on the 17th floor was spotless with fantastic views across the harbour to Kowloon and to the west , the mighty IFC2 building. The bathroom was quite small but more importantly was clean and reasonably modern. The desk will arrange an airport shuttle bus which goes on the hour for HKD140 per person. Public transport and taxis in HK are so cheap that other members ' comments re the MTR did n't present a huge problem. Staff were all very friendly and helpful. Top place !

my first visit to Hong Kong was off to a great start when I arrived at this hotel. The location is in the district &quot ; Wan Chai&quot ; which is easily reached by the &quot ; island line&quot ; subway from central station. The location is very close for the Star Ferry Terminal Wanchai. It is in a nice area with very large hotels and the HK convention centre 5minutes walk away. The downside is that you have to walk about 15minutes over a footpath to get to the subway , a slight incovenience. The wanchai area is great for shopping bargains aswell as many small eateries , bakeries etc. The hotel itself is a very tall building with several floors , a restaurant and a coffee lounge with internet access. My room was on the 14th floor and was very acceptable size , comparable to usual 3star western hotel. The bathroom was &quot ; compact&quot ; but spacious enough to not feel suffocated. The room was perfectly clean and the maid service was excellent. The hotel has a free safe facility to store valuables , I made good use of this. The staff were friendly , helpful and always available. The hotel felt very secure and service was discreet. It was perfect for my 5 days sightseeing and I recommend it to anyone who wants a nice no-frills place to stay at a good price .

