to get away from the heavily populated tourist areas and stay in an area where the locals live , try Two MacDonnell Road , a quality apartment building. It 's very comfortable and smart , has great views over the Botanic Gardens , the Governor 's residence and the island 's Central District to Kowloon. It 's good value for money and only a 10 minute walk - through the gardens - to Central. At the end of the day it is only a HK $ 20 taxi trip from Central back to Two MacDonnell Road. The building is only about 40 metres to a very well stocked Park N'Shop , making eating-in easy if required. It 's not five star , but it 's pretty comfortable and a sensible choice unless you are looking for real luxury at five to 10 times the price .

travelled with my wife and stayed here because of recommendation from friends. staff and security people are really helpful. Rooms are clean and made use of the small kitchen to make small meals. ac was a little loud , but necessary. really good place to get around !

we stayed here for 12 nights in October , and it was perfect. Small self catering apartment with plenty of room. Clean towels and sheets every day , they even washed the dishes and cleaned the kitchen â € “ but it still had all other services as a hotel with room service etc. Very big and specious rooms especially for Hong Kong standard we stayed in a business suite or a junior suite. But it cost less then a ordinary tiny hotel room. Very easy , cheap fast access to central with taxi or free shuttle service

this is a great place to stay in Hong Kong ! We stayed in a studio apartment for 3 nights and we enjoyed using the cooking facilities , which comes with a microwave , stove , plates and knives. There is a supermart 5 mins walk down and you can stock up your breakfast in the mini-fridge. As we were there for holiday , we did n't make use of the shuttle bus timings were too early . Instead , we took minibus 1A or bus 12A that goes directly to Central MTR. The bus stop is only 5 mins away and the last bus runs until midnight , so you can save on taxi fares. Overall , we are happy and will definitely return to stay again when we visit Hong Kong !

a friend of mine stayed over in HK about a month before me and the hotel room he got was dreadful , his view as horrible , and the room very average. So when I went over to HK I was n't expecting , much , I was quite surprised with my stay given his experience .

this was our first trip to Hong Kong as a family of four , two adults , two children 5yrs , 1yr and we were pleasantly surprised with this hotel. Although , I must admit it did look very different from the website pictures it was renovated last year . When we arrived the service was great and the baby cot had already been set up in the room. The biggest plus was the location - we could walk pretty much everywhere we wanted to go or take a quick taxi ride to Central MTR. The Peak Tram almost goes past the door. A few downsides - the rooms were compact but well furbished , the mattress was VERY hard and there was no breakfast service. There is a supermarket close by so we stocked up on milk , fruit etc and breakfast goodies. It was very quiet , clean , friendly and the staff were helpful. For the price , in Hong Kong , we were happy. We stayed 3 nights .

having seen an earlier review which said it was shabby we were worried about our choice .

my company put me up here on my 1st visit to HK , it is supposed to be a corp apartment. This place was probably liveable 5 years ago , but is badly in need of refurbishment .

