go to the Sheraton ! The W is extremly pricey for what you get. Ok , there are lights , decorations , nice little fabulous and gorgeous little things everywhere , but this is only shine and superficial ! Not exactly what I need in an hotel. When it comes to visiting Hong Kong , you just then realise that you are lost in a Mall , with poor conections to anywhere in Hong Kong , but the airport... If you like fancy glam unecessary things , you 'll be delighted there. But if you need an hotel , go to the Sheraton !

i stayed here just after it opened. The hotel is gorgeous , with unique , modern design everywhere ! The rooftop infinity pool is a must , as is the Bliss spa even if you just go in to use the rooftop jacuzzi - what a view ! .

w brand is all about taking the 5 star experience in a new trendy direction. However , W Hong Kong ends up being a dissapointment .

on previous trips to Hong Kong we usually stayed at the Sheraton on Nathan Road. However , on our recent visit we thought we 'd try the new W Hotel and stayed there for 5 nights .

wonderful , fabulous , these are the names of the room types. They truly live up to these descriptions. Staff could n't have been more attentive. The room had everything you could think of...3 different preset light scemes , automated black out and shear curtains , tv in bath tub in the mirror , large rain shower , comfy bed with lots of sink in pillow .

i was upgraded to the Marvelous suite on check-in and met by Ms. Alison Tai - W insider at the W Hong Kong. A number of staff remembers you by name such as Nick the doorman and Anne the waitress at the lobby lounge. This is always very comforting for those of us so frequently on the road .

this was my first stay at a W hotel and I was surprised at the quality of the service , rooms , and facilities at the W Hong Kong. The room was large with an amazing harbor view , comfortable furniture , an awesome bed , surround sound , mood lighting , TV in the bathroom , spa-like shower , well stocked minibar , electronic bedside controls , the works. The hotel is a bit isolated but quiet , and right on top of a transit station and large upscale shopping mall with various restaurants. Will definitely try and return book a &quot ; fabulous&quot ; room....its worth it .

good service. Very Nice room. I have a fabulous room with harbour view. Absolutely nice decor. Can not afford the restaurant and spa. But it is in the same building with Element shopping mall , MTR station , and Airport Express Station. There is no problem getting anywhere , shopping , and getting food .

this hotel is nothing short of amazing. Ultra modern with a big focus on nature in the design. It 's really funky and interesting &amp ; the service is top notch. We stayed in a &quot ; fantastic suite&quot ; overlooking the bay. The views were stunning and the finishing on everything was totally first class. We would rate this as one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. The only small grumble would be that they need to lose putting a price on absolutely everything. When you 're staying in a suite , it seems very small minded to have prices on things like an extra bottle of water , or having to pay to use the internet. They miss a trick here , but having said that the overall experience is unforgettable. You will not be disappointed .

location : The hotel is located in Kowloon , which is across the water from downtown HK. The hotel is right above the Kowloon train station , which is integrated into a clean and new underground mall with several good restaurants , shops , and a supermarket. We took the airport express train to/from the airport for 140HKD Paired Tickets if you buy them from the customer service desk rather than the kiosk. Othwerwise 90HKD per person . The trip only took 18 minutes and the train is very clean. Temple street is about a 20 minute walk from the hotel. Other than that , most of your site seeing will be on the Hong Kong Island side , which is a quick metro ride from Kowloon to Hong Kong .

the W Hotel is located above the Kowloon station off of the airport line. It 's location is super convenient for those travelers who are going there directly from the airport. When you exit the train station , take the escalators up to the Elements Mall , and the hotel will be right there. This location is great when you 're arriving from the airport , but it 's not very convenient to get to the main tourist areas. The hotel does have a shuttle which runs from 9 AM to 8 PM every 30 minutes on the hour. It takes you to the following locations : The Gateway Canton Road , Ocean Terminal , and Middle Road Nathan Road area .

just finished off a trip to HK that involves a few nights at the Intercontinental , Hyatt Sha Tin , and Hyatt TST. W was a last night treat , and I regret not having done my entire stay there. Upgraded to a harbor view room with stunning views to the west - the view is n't of the downtown , but in a way , I found it refreshing to have a different perspective on the harbor. The room is perfection - most comfortable bedding I 've slept on in a hotel in some time , all the technology you could want , including a very powerful sound system for those who like to really listen to music on the go. The pool is great , but the SWEAT facilities gym , spa pool , sauna , steam were amongst the most inspiring I 've ever seen , namely for the view !

where do we start ?

i stayed at the W for 3 nights and loved it. The hotel is very modern and well designed - great lighting options - there are 3 settings depending on requirements , blackout blinds , very quiet , lovely shower with rainforest shower rose in addition to hand held option , large LCD TV screen in the room as well as one in the bathroom above the bath. The gym is very good and open 24 hours and they have a Bliss spa which I did not get to try. While the breakfast buffet was good nice fresh juices in individual bottles , and bircher muesli in individual pots , I was surprised that there were not more choices available , but it was fine. There is complimentary wi-fi in the reception/lobby area. Overall a great experience and I did not want to leave !

when you first enter the hotel , you 'll notice that it 's very chic , very modern , very trendy. The elevator floor lights up like a TV screen !

great hotel although the location is not the best .

in the past year , I have traveled to Hong Kong 7 times and I have chosen to stay at the W each time. In previous years , I have stayed at the Marco Polo hotels , mainly bc of it 's location. But those hotels MP Prince , MP Hong Kong and MP Gateway are pretty much outdated , small , and depressing. The W Hong Kong is definitely sexy , hip , young and energetic .

this is by far the best W hotel that I have ever stayed at - everything is right , from the room , to the amenities , the view , the bar , the staff etc. What I did not like is the location : 1. You are in Kowloon - i you like being there ok. 2. The hotel is in the middle of no-where. You have to take a taxi or tube to get anywhere but the attached shopping mall , which clearly is a pity when you are in HKG with all the great places to go to.... I would not go there again , but really only only because of its location , otherwise loved it !

the most modern hotel I have ever seen. Electronics , metal , industrial. Upgraded as a platinum to a suite , wonderful design elements , full sized bliss products. Given 6pm checkout without a fuss .

the rooms are beautifully decorated and the service was impeccable. The staff was super helpful and friendly. The hotel provides a one way free shuttle to several stops in Kowloon. I was expecting a shuttle bus , and was shocked to find that the &quot ; shuttle&quot ; was actually an Audi SUV. The shuttles were very convenient since the W hotel is not located as conveniently to MTR stations. It 's connected to the Kowloon Aiport Express station which is awesome , but if you want to go to Kowloon using MTR , you have to make some connections and walk quite a bit through the MTR station. It 's much easier to take taxis to/from the hotel .

we stayed at The W at the end of our trip around asia. We booked a non smoking room and on check-in we were told we had a smoking room ! We were told to go to the bar and BUT OURSELVES a drink while they sorted out another room. I was n't impressed by this but did n't want to start off complaining. We then finally got our room after 10mins or so. We also asked about a package that you can add at booking to your room. Which included champagne , chocolates etc. Staff did n't have a clue what we were talking about and took quite some time to sort it out .

well having stayed there found all the reviews about the Wow aspect absolutely correct but found absolutely no evidence of the casual service. From the minute we arrived found the service impeccable .

i arrived at the W Hong Kong by train from the airport - it 's in the same building as the station , just two floors up , together with the brand new Elements shopping mall. The MRT station is also in-house , so transport-wise , the W gets two thumbs up .

absolutely amazing hotel. And , while you pay for it , it 's still just the most incredible place and with sensational service. We took a Cool Corner Room with an adjoining Wonderful Room for our daughter which was the perfect set up. We felt safe knowing we were together , but she had her own privacy .

we had just finished our Asian tour of Cambodia , Vietnam and decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel in Hong Kong on our last day before returning to Europe. We arrive at the hotel the check-in and service was okay. Got our room as requested on a high floor with an incredible view of the Harbour. The room was nicely done Bathrobes , great toiletries from the Bliss Spa and it had all kinds of gadgets for lighting of the room , mood , music from your ipods and movies etc. The bar was fully stock with Chanpange , chocolates , and treats at a very nice price ! We went to the pool on the Top floor it was incredible with the view and you sat in a glass Jacuzzi overlooking the harbour at sunset with infinity pool , the sauna had the same vie on the floor below at night you could sit there and watch the full moon. The bed was very comfortable and sunday brunch was incredible too. We met friends in the bar of the hotel which was nicely done and the entire stay was a W experience ! Of course the hotel was new and hopefully they kept up with their service and style. Nice and trendy but , on the expensive side so if you are looking to splurge and treat yourself then go for it !

we booked W Hotel because of the feedback on TripAdvisor a few months before our trip. We normally stay in hotels nearer the Ocean Terminal area. I was surprised to find out that W is actually in the new Elements Mall , quite a distance from Ocean Terminal .

stayed at the W with our two children. Really cool design , great rooms , and superb food in the Kitchen. Service was very good overall .

i can only describe this hotel with one word -- GREAT ! Great Location as it 's just above the MTR station. Great room as it 's very spacious and my room was overlooking the harbour. Great service , great food.................................... .

do n't get me wrong. I love the flashy entrance , the glitzy lobby - ambient light shifting lifts with non-stop dj spun music. But after awhile - it does get quite much. Especially when you are paying close to USD400 .

i have had the fortune of staying in a wide variety of hotels but must say that the W Hong Kong is easily the most memorable. Set atop a new development in West Kowloon , the hotels offers a premium service , comfortable living and convenience , all within the modern and well-appointed design typical of a W Hotel. When I arrived , I was immediately struck by how funky the interior is but it still provides comfortable surroundings. The rooms themselves are beautifully furnished with quality upholsteries and the bed is very comfortable to sleep in. The bathroom houses a huge tub with TV , and is tiled in dark stone with interesting lighting. If you like modern design , the W will not disappoint and you will appreciate the high attention to detail such as the sliding mirror cover over the television , patterned wallpaper and open-top drinks cabinet .

although Kowloon is n't my favorite part of Hong Kong , I really liked the location of the W. Common areas were very cool , the room was excellent and the view was awesome .

this place is easily the most memorable and controversial hotel , I 've ever stayed in. The room was the best. We loved everything from the shower to the lighting to the hidden flat screen and view. It 's like a heavenly oasis from the hectic , crowded Hong Kong streets. We had daily breakfast in &quot ; the Kitchen&quot ; and it was top notch. The drinks in &quot ; the Living Room&quot ; were perfect. The pool and spa area were breathtaking. We thought the service was excellent throughout the hotel and adjoining properties. There 's a huge outdoor terrace area with several restaurants above the mall that is excellent. We ate at 3 different places and they were all very good. This type of huge open peaceful space is not easy to find in Hong Kong .

this hotel was drop-dead gorgeous from the elevators to the rooms. It has the look of a modern hip bar/ art museum which made us feel slightly embarrassed when we pass through the lobbies with our 7-year old. Although my son does n't feel it at all and walks around feeling very at home. In fact , he says it 's the best hotel ever stayed in quite a few and keeps asking when we 're coming back. We think this is largely due to the tv in the bathtub which is a dream come true for him. Staff are very friendly anyway but not intrusive .

w Hong Kong is a wonderful property , I stayed with my husband and one year old. The views are fabulous , the bar / restaurant are superb and we stayed in a Corner Room , very spacious and very easy to access Kowloon MTR station which is just under the hotel and Elements , a fab shopping complex .

the room is ok. Clean and Hi-end .

i hate to write a poor review for a starwood hotel since I own a little stock in the company , but this hotel is pure disappointment. While it is nice and modern and rooms are nice and comfortable , the service here is terrible. This stems from the top down as the management of this hotel is incompetent. I tried email and calling the general manager and marketing folks to ask a few questions and discuss a corporate issue and they do not respond and when do are abrasive. This then filters down to the rest of the staff who generally act bothered when answering any question or helping guests. I have stayed at over 10 hotel brands in Hong Kong and travel frequently in the region and this is the worst hotel experience I have had. The hotel staff seems to like to make arguments and challenge you when asking simple questions. In addition , the location is a bit secluded , away from the main areas in Kowloon and part of a new shopping complex that is far from Hong Kong Island. The view is also not pleasant , as it does not overlook the skyline of HKG or harbour views like most all other hotels in the area. It overlooks the shipping area. All in all , stay away from this property. You will have a much better experience at any other hotel in similar price range .

now this was my type of a hotel. Modern and fun ! ! ! The rooms were great , with every gadget you can think of. There is a pool on the 76th floor overlooking the city. Oh and ofcourse the W beds. I just love it .

we recently stayed at W for a long weekend. I absolutely agree with the previous person 's Vanderbilt review. Whilst the room at W is no doubt very cool , contemporary and new , but their service really sucks. The staff are cold and apathetic , their attitude is as if they do n't really care. If all they want is to make a salary and do not really have passion about delivering hospitality or care about guest services , then they should not be working in the hotel industry ! ! The staff at W needs to take a serious lesson from the attitude of hotel staff working in Thailand or Japan who really take pride in what they do .

stayed there with my wife while attending a conference at the Sheraton next to the Peninsula and really enjoyed the uber cool atmosphere and decor. Service was fantastic and brekfast buffet one of the best I 've seen. Really loved it overall , but the only negative was that it is a long half an hour walk to the main shooping and restaurant area in Tsim Sha Tsui. Close enough though if you enjoy a brisk walk and plenty of markets etc.. close by. on top of a well appointed shopping centre also and only a few dollars in a cab to get anywhere , so no bug deal. Would stay there again for sure .

what is to be said have been said. W is still impeccable in terms of service and room facilities.. we return for a 2nd stay and was thrilled to bits that 2 of the staff namely Alex at check in counter and Patrick at the ground level counter actually remembered us. We were warmly greeted and felt like a great homecoming . Every time we leave from or return to the hotel , the staff would ask if we needed any thing or if our day went well. We like the personal touch and the hospitality we so often receive.Everyone single staff we encountered was only too eager to offer their service and kind advice

i love this hotel , contemporary lift lobby , front desk and room. People are all nice .

yes , the W is cool .

stayed at the W Hotel on Austin Road in Kowloon for 3 nights , 4 days in May of 2009 and was as amazed at the start of the stay as I was at the end .

my friends and I recently stayed at the W Hong Kong for 8 nights in early May. We were blown away by the sheer coolness of the new hotel. We arrived via the Airport Express train that literally drops you off in a building that connects to the W. It was a short elevator ride and walk to the W from the train. The W staff that greeted us were very friendly and took our luggage right away. We were shown to probably the coolest elevator I 've ever been on neon lights in the floor , mirrored ceiling , and a view to kill , that took us straight up to the W lobby. Check-in was a breeze and we were shown to our room on the 38th floor. 10 minutes later our bags arrived .

just recently stayed for HOFEX the Hospitality Expo .

i had very high hopes for the W Hotel...hopes that were immediately dashed upon checking in. Check-in is on the 6th floor is difficult to find. We went to the only desk that was immediately visible from the elevator. After watching two workers have a long and lazy conversation , one of them turned to me and said , &quot ; I am the concierge. You do n't check-in with me.&quot ; So , off to another line .

new hotel in the recently opened West Kowloon business district. Right above the Kowloon Station on the Airport Express and MTR lines. Attached to the Elements Mall .

we had requested an early check in. We called the hotel in the morning of our visit and the staff said they will clean the room as soon as the previous guests left at around noon .

my husband and I stayed at the W on our recent trip in Hong Kong. It was undoubtedly the edgiest and most stylish hotel we 've ever stayed in. Careful attention was paid to every detail of this hotel , both aesthetic and service wise. The hotel even had a signature smell !

we just had a fantastic stay at the W Hotel in Hong Kong. I did have to overcome some slight reservations about being on the Kowloon side rather than on the 'Island ' but in actual fact the hotel more than made up for the location , I discovered the delights of the Harbour Shopping centre and getting onto the Island was a lot easier that I had anticipated .

well , Room i have is Fantastic suite and then at 2 am move to Marvelous suite. However both room are nice that the only thing i am choose to stay here. Room clean and All staff at front door are super nice and helpful. Welcome desk Front staff Are nice but not all. Ethan and another lady ca n't remember really nice .

we stayed there for 7 nights. The room was 2801 : a suit with a king bed very confortable , a living room area with plenty of room we entertained a total of 8 people at least three times , a tropical rain shower that hit you very hard a TV in the shower if you can believe it ! . We had breakfast every morning at The Kitchen buffet . Excellent coffee ! We also visited the spa 72nd floor at least three times. I got a full body massage the best ever . The hotel is next to Elements mall so you have easy access to shopping. There is never a shortage of taxis in front of the hotel if you need a fast ride to Hong Kong since the hotel is in Kowloon .

even if your doing business on HK island , W is so easy to get to ! AND ITS WORTH IT ! ! Everyone at W Hong Kong is 5 * . We fell in Love with the restaurant &quot ; Kitchen&quot ; so we have never made it to &quot ; Fire&quot ; but im sure its just as wonderful. Please do yourself a favor ... indulge in the W Hong Kong - Amazing beds , tv 's above the bathtub , great views and attached to Elements mall and easy to the airport express &amp ; convention center ... and yes your in Kowloon... DO IT YOU WONT BE SORRY ! ! !

i stayed in the W for 4 nights recently whilst in HK for the 7 's. I agree with other reviewers that the hotel could not be easier to get to from HKG with a short hop on the airport express and then a well signposted stroll through the Elements shopping mall .

i stayed at the W Hong Kong beginning of March for 6 nights and I can say WoW. The nicest and most trendy hotel , I ever stayed in. Everything is so hip and fashion , the amazing swimming pool on the 76th floor , the elevators , the very good breakfast buffet in the restaurant a bit pricy but good quality , the lobby , WoW. Otherwise , the hotel is connected with the nice shopping mall 'Elements ' which is connected with the subway + train to the airport , very convenient. The little problem is that the hotel is in Kowloon a bit far from everything. Otherwise , WoW ! I suggest this hotel for people who love trendy and design hotels .

we stayed here on our way to Vietnam. A perfect hotel for airport access. We had a corner room with a great view. Loved the bathroom and the electronic blinds in the bedroom. Great bed. Great bedding. We just felt pampered. W hotels seem to know how to provide super cool hotels that are also super luxurious. Everything was of the best quality . All the staff were wonderful and could not have been any more helpful .

i booked our room through my travel agent. I do n't know what to expect as I 've just seen pictures of the hotel from Belle Australian interior design magazine while renovating our new home. We go to Hongkong 2-3 times a year. Mainly for relaxation &amp ; some shopping .

having stayed at the W in Maldives , we had high expectations. The W is very easily accessible from the airport , which is a plus , overlooks what I think is Hong Kong 's best mall and is reputed to have some amazing rooms .

firstly , it could not be easier to get to : the second stop on the fast train from the airport is Kawloon. The hotel is literally above the station actually , there is a big shopping mall between . A couple of lift changes and you are in this excellent art hotel. For those who appreciate modern design , this is a fab place. They have their own language too. Its all aspirational. The rooms have state of the art technology , great beds and bathrooms. The pool is open air and on the 76th floor. For the money , this is a great stay .

loved , loved , loved the W Hong Kong ! I already am dying to go back. Like others have said , this is certainly a trendy , ultra high-tech , modern hotel. I had to call down to the Front Desk to ask how to turn on the TV turns out you have to slide over a glass panel first - HA ! I would hardly call this a &quot ; negative&quot ; though .

it was our first time to stay at W Hotel HongKong and we were very impressed. We took the train from Disneyland and getting there wasnt a problem at all. The location is very convenient as it is attached to the Elements shopping mall and the airport express line is right at Kowloon station. The hotel has a complimentary shuttle every 30 mins and it is just a quick 5 minute drive to Canton road where all brands can be found. The room amenities are quite interesting with all the gadgets to make you feel comfortable---automated curtains/blinds , Ipod docking station , dvd player , a tv at the bath tub area , etc. The bed is heavenly ! I loved their complimentary tea as well. The toiletries are usable and of good quality. Buffet breakfast was like a treasure hunt because of the way food was presented so we had fun. Fresh fruit juices was the best as well as the different kinds of berries in their spread. My niece enjoyed the yoghurt station where they mix fresh fruits and yogurt on a frozen marble slab like ColdStone 's . In general , food was very healthy gourmet type. Most of their restaurants are very hip and not very suitable if you have young kids but other places to eat can be found at Elements mall. Checking out was a breeze so even if we were on a hurry it didnt add up to the stress .

the room has every amenity you can imagine including IPOD docks , Flat screen TV with lots of western tv channels , automated curtains and a control panel right next to the bed. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever stayed in - it was hard to get up in the mornings ! Great views of the harbor. The only drawback is the hotel is located above a mall and you are a little removed from the hussle and bussle of Kowloon. However , the airport train station is literally walking distance from the hotel which is very convenient. The infinity pool on the room is breathtaking and the gym is one of the best I have used .

pros &amp ; Cons- As many W 's as a Platiunum SPG , didnt get any special treatment/upgrade .

just returned from my first trip to Hong Kong. We stayed at the W hotel for almost 2 weeks. Overall our stay was pleasant but with a few bumps .

stayed there for a weekend end of Feb. 09. Have traveled to HK for 20 years. I would NOT recommend this hotel if this is your first trip to Hong Kong. The location is not great. Too far to walk to a star ferry pier , so you need a taxi each time. Plus , you don ¬ ¥ t feel the vibe of Hong Kong in this newly developed shopping mall in West Kowloon .

we stayed for 2 nights at W Hotel this week. IT WAS SUCH A GREAT EXPERIENCE ! I emailed them previously and gave them a long list of things I needed for my baby -- baby bathtub , crib , bottle sterilizer , baby food warmer , volt regulator for my breastpump which was 110v , connecting rooms , etc. And they said they will take care of all of it... and they did .

stayed here right after this new hotel opened. Very conveniently located connected to the mall and to the express train to the airport. The room was very modern , with very hip design. Pretty much everyting in the room can be remote controlled. We had a room with a view of the harbor. The staff was very firendly .

best hotel ever stayed in anywhere in world so far. Cool design features , interior and furnishings , it felt like living in a Wallpaper magazine. Great service especially the &quot ; whenever whatever concierge&quot ; . Fabulous swimming pool and spa .

this hotel is one of the most well designed hotels , that we have ever stayed at and the overall experience is very good .

we stayed here in late January and enjoyed it immensely. We felt the highlights were the attentive and friendly staff combined with a super comfortable room .

boyfriend and I stayed at the W HK for 2 nights on our way back from NZ to London in early Jan 09 .

i arrived in the evening of January 25th , without expecting a lot from the place where I had to stay for 3 nights .

the only imaginable negative would be &quot ; too trendy&quot ; feeling for some clientele. The rooms are amazing , hotel amazing , decor , service , all that... We actually left the Mandarin Excelsior after 1 night b/c it was pretty disappointing and came here for next 3. Our group probably mentioned 20x what a great move it was. In the process someone lost a bag with passport and the concierge spent the next 3 days proactively trying to find it , and finally tracking it down right after before printing out all the new passport forms and making appointments with the embassy .

if only W Hotel spent a little less effort getting Wallpaper Magazine to notice them and more effort on giving people what they want , they 'd be better off. Until then , it 's more Poseur City , more Too Cool For You , more Be thankful you 're allowed to stay somewhere so &quot ; hip&quot ; and the quotation marks are there for a reason .

unbeatable hotel !

beautiful hotel , super friendly and helpful staff. We stayed in a Fabulous Room which is a little more spacious but I would say all the rooms are definitely 5 star quality. There are buttons for every shade of light , curtains , blind etc which take a little while to figure but we loved it. Shame it was a little too cool to use the pool as it looked stunning .

despite the gushing reviews , my own opinion is that the W is a nice facility that overdoes the ‚ Ä ú coolness ‚ Ä ù factor at the expense of practicality with service that ‚ Ä ô s friendly but not yet up to top-level Hong Kong standards. The rooms occupy the 16th through 38th floors , with the lobby on the 6th floor and the ground floor having the drive-up lobby and access to the Elements shopping mall. There are two sets of elevators , one runs between the ground level and lobby and the other set between the lobby and the guest rooms. This means you have to use two elevators when leaving the hotel or returning. On the guest room floors , the elevator buttons are disguised in a bookcase wall decoration and hard to find. Two elevators also go up to the 76th floor where the pool is , and we found that sometimes those elevators would not stop at the guest room floors ‚ Ä ì so we ended up avoiding those elevators. As noted by others , check-in during peak afternoon hours was inefficient , with some waiting while the front desk checked available rooms. We rejected the first room offered as it had a faint reek of cigarette smoke even though it was on a no-smoking floor. The replacement room was not ready so we were told to return 2 hours later at 4pm. We did , but it took a 1/2 hour at the front desk to verify that our room was ready. When our bags did not arrive we had to call , after which they arrived promptly .

stayed here for 4 days at end of year in Fabulous room. bed very comfortable. Fantastic walk in shower and very nice bliss toiletries .

the W Hong Kong is a mixed bag. While it 's a very , very nice hotel , it 's a property that appeals to a narrow demographic. You definitely have to think of yourself as a &quot ; Swinger&quot ; if you 're going to stay at a W , and the W Hong Kong epitomizes the brand. W definitely appeals to a young clientele , and it 's difficult to feel comfortable at a W if you do n't fit the target audience. It does not pull off effortless luxury like the Inter-Continental or The Peninsula. The W is definitely trying and in my opinion trying too hard to be hip and fashionable .

my buddy was meeting me there flying in from Toronto and was checking in before me. They messed up the rooms , gave him attitude yadda , yadda...you all know the drill.......I called from the departure lounge airport at Manila airport and spoke to the manager and asked them to give me the corner harbour view room like I had booked- get this room type also ! .

i stayed at the W Hong Kong hotel with my wife for 3 nights including New Year ¬ ¥ s Eve 2008/2009. The whole stay was an outstanding experience for us. For business purpose I ¬ ¥ ve seen so many hotels in this price range already all over the world - but the W Hong Kong is really a very genial surprise ! The hotel has a very young and fancy style - everything is extremly new and clean. Staff experience was over average. At 4 in the morning we asked the room service to bring ice to our room which arrived at our room less than 5 minutes later. Everyone was extremly helpful and smiling. The concierge &quot ; Whatever/Whenever&quot ; service organized us a table for New Year ¬ ¥ s Eve dinner at the Top of the Sheration hotel The Oyster and Wine bar with an impressive view to Hong Kong Island on really short notice as we only arrived in Hong Kong at the 31th and didn ¬ ¥ t make any reservations before we left Germany... The Whatever/Whenever service really cared for all our wishes and remembered our demands and hotel history during the whole stay - from check-in till check-out. The hotel has a top level pool area on the 76th floor with an impressive view to Hong Kong Island and Victoria Harbor. The location is not really central but you can easily go to the main sites in Kowloon with the free hotel bus shuttle and also using the MTR subway ! Advise : Don ¬ ¥ t take a taxi for your way from the airport to the hotel - buy a MTR tourist ticket. The price is way less than the taxi ride and includes 3 days free MTR subway usage. The MTR subway station is directly UNDER the hotel - so subway use is very convenient. The ride on MTR airport express from airport to the W hotel KOWLOON station takes you about 20 minutes only. Also Hong Kong taxis rides usually become a smelly experience... the MTR is clean and very comfortable .

i stayed at the W Hong Kong for 6 nights overt he Christmas/new year period and was very satisfied. Excellent design , great views of Victoria Harbour and Hong Kong island and great location .

there is a serious customer service related problem at this hotel. The attitude of the staff at this hotel is not indifferent , it is hostile and incredibly rude .

w Hotel is often noted for their spectacular setting and decor. For that I give them a OK rating. I have been to most of the W Hotels in the World. But to my surprise the W Hotel Hong Kong falls short of quality. When stumbling and checking into the W Hotel after a Macau 24 hour gambling binge , I wanted to take a much needed warm shower and wash off. To my surprise , COLD WATER ! Now usually this is abnormal for a hotel of this nature. So I thought I 'd keep the water on for a few minutes to see whether if the water would get at least warm. No dice .

i stayed at the W Hong Kong for 7 nights in December 2008 and thoroughly enjoyed my stay. The staff were probably the friendliest that I have encountered in any hotel in Hong Kong , less reserved and more chatty than in most other Hong Kong hotels as you might expect from a US chain .

i do love W hotels - and I have to say that the W Hong Kong together with the W Seoul is a W at its best .

we spent two nights at the W hongkong in november 2008 .

the newly opened W in Hong Kong was certainly a feast for the senses. The interior design was striking , with the signature quirkiness of the W chain .

my husband and I usually stay at the Four Seasons in Central whenever we go to Hong Kong. But this time we decided to try the new W Hotel. What a great surprise ! Rooms are not as big as the 4 Seasons but still very good size. Interior decor is very modern , sleek as you expect a W Hotel should be. Staffs are very attentive but some of them are bit lack of experience compare to the staffs at the 4 Seasons . But overall experience was great. I will definitely stay there again .

decided to give the W Hotel a try...I tried to stay there in Sept when they just opened the hotel for the soft opening , but there was no smoking room available...so I ended up staying at the Sheraton instead .

ca n't add much to the other positive reveiws other than to say that , although they 're still in the soft opening phase so they should be switched on the staff have really got it right. A good mixture of friendly and familiar .

w Hong Kong is like Hong Kong city : Amazing and convenient .

easy access from airport on airport express. on leaving , HK check in avilable at select subway stations. seamless .

we spent 3 nights at the W pre-cruise first week of Oct. Arrived at the airport and was told that W was the easiest hotel to get to from the airport. We took the express train and got off at the Kowloon station. We were told the hotel was above the station , but because of poor signage , it was not easy to find. Many we questioned not familiar with the property , because it was very new. After asking for directions , we finally reached the front entrance , then had to take an elevator to the lobby .

we stayed for 8 nights at the W in mid October and totally loved it. We really liked : 1. The staff - very friendly and helpful , much more so than your usual North American hotel. 2. The room - clean,new,modern , the 5.1 sound surround system and 42&quot ; flatscreen hidden behind the mirror , TV behind the glass in the bathtub,double sinks .

i stayed at the W in Hong Kong shortly after it opened. I was excited because i typically love W hotels - especially the new ones. I booked one of the FABULOUS rooms with the &quot ; full harbor view&quot ; and was disappointed to discover that you do n't get the typical &quot ; million dollar view&quot ; you want in a Kowloon hotel the view of downtown HK but instead a view of a side of the harbor with a bunch of nasty cargo ships parked in it ! : - So sad , since the only reason to stay in Kowloon is for the view .

i stayed at the W Hong Kong for 8 nights. First impression of the W was that it was futuristic and I live in Tokyo . A little overwhelming at times. The TV is hidden behind a glass mirrror , the gadget on the desk is a kalidescope , and the phone...well , just dial '0 ' if you ca n't figure out the computer screen .

wow WOW WOW this is the most beautiful hotel I have ever stayed in. Everything is brand new and high tech the staff just fall all over you and the pool on the rooftop after a long flight just make it all perfect .

just got back from a 2 night stay at the W... and I have to say that both the room and the service were exceptional. It is pricey , but is n't that what you 'd expect from a W ?

and I do mean WOW from the electric window shades to the above and beyond customer service. This is a very high tech modern hotel. The lighting designers deserves an A + . I WANT THE NAME OF THAT DESIGNER ! ! !

brand new and the first hotel to open in the area with Ritz Carlton coming in in 2010 , this latest luxury hotel is Hong Kong , is... well , trying to be cool .

we had the wonderful chance of staying 2 nights in a corner room in the newly built W HKG .

