went there for an overnight trip and found out that while the room was clean it was small. The sliding glass window opened up to a balcony that was small and had a small table and 2 chairs on it. This made it hard to do anything except sit down and try to enjoy the view .

we stayed in the Warwick hotel at the end of October. There were 4 of us sharing the room and the bed- 2 adults and 2 small kids. The bed was a little small to have so many inhabitants but the room was clean , the bathroom was clean .

we came back here a year after discovering it by accident and stayed a fortnight. Cheung Chau pop. 40,000 is like the world should be : a genuine village with people who smile and fit you into their lives without suspicion or hostility. The Warwick is the only true hotel on the island and in true colonial style is a bit faded , but the staff are locals as are most of the people in the restaurant. Wifi in the lobby. Immaculate therapeutic massage. And here 's the big surprise for all you 4WD/SUV owners : not a single car on the island except Police , Fire , Ambulance . For the paranoid Western traveller the Hotel is next door to a hospital and the police station. Clean , safe , endlessly fascinating. &quot ; We 'll be back &quot ; and 'Yes , we can&quot ; !

yes , ok , the rooms are a bit oldies but what a location ! We did n't have the chance to had our diner there but it looks like a lot of families go to the Warwick only to get their Dim Sun week-end lunch , very nice. You must absolutely get the breakfast served in your room , with the balcony and the sea view , just marvelous .

we arrived here after a week at Langham Place Mong Kok and were truly under no illusion - we knew it had that 70 's vibe from the info and pics and were not expecting luxury. The hotel caters mainly for Hong Kong people coming over for functions and the weekends - there was no special treatment for us as UK tourists and we got the feeling that , although civil , staff could take or leave our business ! Staying there was a bit like staying at someone elses large house - there was a reluctant politeness from everyone we encountered .

we were somewhat hesitant to choose a hotel at some distance from downtown , but this turned out to be an excellent choice. The price was great for a 3-star hotel and the rooms , at least on our floor 5th had been recently renovated and were spotless. Our room was big enough to acommodate a mattress for our young daughter. The staff were very helpful and provided us with a free upgrade to an oceanview room , since it was the off season , thus giving us the sound of the waves to lull us to sleep. The island itself is charming , with lots of cheap eateries and small supermarkets. With no cars , buses or motorcycles , walking is a real pleasure. The trip to Central on Hong Kong Island was a relaxing way to start and end the day - it takes 30-50 minutes , depending on if you arrive for a fast or slow ferry. We never had to wait more than 20 minutes and the &quot ; Octopus&quot ; card made paying a simple click on the turnstile. On balance , a very good value hotel although the price increases significantly during the peak season with easy access to all of Hong Kong 's attractions .

my first night in Hong Kong I stayed at the Renaissance Harbourview , a typical 4-star business hotel. It was quite a shock when my business contact took me to the Warwick Hotel on Cheung Chau for the remaining 6 days. Cheung Chau is a small island hidden from typical visitors - this is not the Hong Kong you see in the brochures. It has a feel of mainland China with the added quirk of being home to several excentric expats. The pace is very relaxed , with no cars on the island although there is a little ambulance that looks like a really old golf cart on steroids. The Warwick is a leasurely 10 minute walk from the ferry. English is not widely spoken but the locals are very friendly and will try to help .

