we had a 7-night stay at this hotel. Beds are really hard and quite uncomfortble to sleep on during the first 2 nights. But we got used with it after those first nights .

stayed for one night at this hotel part of a pre-booked tour so do n't know room rate paid . It 's in a small street in Kowloon near Temple Street night market . I 'd been warned that Chinese beds are much harder than Western ones but the ones and this hotel were the worst in my one month tour of China including in Monasteries stays and 'Hard Sleeper ' train bunks during the trip. Luckily I 'd brought an airbed though so at least did n't have to suffer like the other tour members. Hotel does n't have an food on offer that I could see , but does have free internet. There are lots of cheap restaurant around. We ate a couple of times at the nearby Man Lee restaurant for about Y20 per person - but we needed our Chinese guide to translate. The Air Con in our room was too powerful even at low setting making the room far too cold. Rooms are small and have very basic furnishings with no real view to speak of. Could be a good option if you can get a very cheap room rate .

amidst the rustic and messy Kowloon street outlook , West Hotel suprisingly has got some good comfort with its new interiors. Though a small slender hotel that rises 22 storey high with small room spaces , it 's really a good fitting for those new to Hong Kong .

we worried about some of the other reviews complaining about the street this hotel is in. On the contrary , we noted that it is near one of the liveliest areas of Kowloon. Temple St market and restaurant area is nearby and it is about a 10-15 min walk to the fancy shops near the Star Ferry. The hotel has nearly 20 floors and the better views are naturally from the higher rooms â € ¦ try to get one if you can. Unfortunately we were assigned a smoking room which we detest , however on request we were shifted to a non-smoking floor at a higher level , without complaint from the staff. The rooms are clean and comfortable but a little small. Free internet access was very welcome .

west Hotel - Jordan

