the hotel is the cheapest among those listed by the airline for our package tour. Actually , I was a bit disappointed at first but then realized that the hotel is conveniently located near the Mongkok area where cheap goods abound .

this hotel is great for anyone on a budget. Though , the rooms are small and the bathroom is tiny. If you are just looking for a place to sleep , and you are off the next day to explore Hong Kong 's sights , this could be the hotel for you. The hotel is conveniently located close enough for a short 5 minute walk to the subway too. I recommend this hotel if you are prefer a place that is very simple and basic .

i booked this hotel with Philippine Airlines for July 9 to July 12 , 2007 3 nites thinking this hotel will be averaged since this hotel was endorsed by PAL as three stars hotel. We stayed for one nite in room 503 but have to transfer to another hotel due to poor hotel condition but we were not able to make any refund. Just imagine the gap between two single beds is the size of my one leg and no space in the other sides of both beds as shown in the photos below. My estimate of the size of the single bed was no more than 30 inches in width which made our back ache. In my opinion , this hotel is not even a one star hotel and worse than an apartelle. Worst of all , I wrote Philippine Airlines right after our trip for them to conduct an occular inspection of the hotel facilities and change the star rating of Wing Sing Hotel from their website so that the public will not be misled by their wrong publicity but no action was taken. I recently saw that Cebu Pacific is also endorsing this hotel .

me and my boyfriend stayed at Wingsing for two nights.we cant stand the room because its very small,we can hardly move,although the bathroom was clean.on the other hand,the venue was very accessible to all the tourist spots,just one ride of the MTR to monkok shopping area Tsim Sha Tsui,Disneyland , ocean park and many others.just outside of the hotel have lots of restaurants,and also converted into a shopping area at night.--FLIGHT PRINCESS

me and my husband stayed there for 3 days. the room was small yet clean. . the hotel staff were ok. they entertained us well. tha place is located at the heart of kowloon where you can see a lot of bargain items just outside the hotel... the hotel is just affordable for those people who are on a tight budget and convinient place to stay .

i stayed at wingsing hotel rm 1505.i was so shocked when i saw the bathroom . veryyyyyy dirttyyyyyyyy....and the blacket so itchy.then i called the housekeeping to clean the bathroom,still dirty. i suggest if you like to stay at budget hotel bridal tea house yaumatei is much better .

