this be just as a note that a new hotel have openned up in the same building as the accelerator international hotel . the new hotel be call the sunny day hotel  the second hotel of this name in hk . the other one be in reclaimation st in mongkok . the telephone number of the sunny day hotel be different  i be not sure at this stage whether the accelerator have be renovate and have its name change or whether the sunny day hotel be a new hotel coincidentially in the same building

i stay last week in this hotel with a group of   from mainland china , and we have travel all over the world and i find this hotel to be one of the worst i have experienced . the bed be like sleeping on the floor ! we ask for extra bed cover to soften it , and although they be nice enough to supply them , they be so dirty , uggh ! , and it do n't help much . when we have one too many people and have to book an extra room at the desk they jack the price to over   dollar for a room with no windows . we want to change hotel because we be not satisfy and they refuse to shorten our reservation , they be so unhelpful and not very friendly to their customer ! the owner must be some real hardcore businessman , but very shortsighted if he want to keep in business long . we also have a call from thief to our rooms phishing , and pretend to be a friend of a friend    so strange this stay

at first im quite so hesitant to choose this hotel coz i be check on the internet and it give me a hard time to surf where this hotel be and how it look like . but i have no choice coz my sister be the one who get the package and it will be difficult for me to travel back and forth to the agency for any change that i have to make . when we arrive at the corner street , the bus driver just point to us the hotel . at first i cant see where the hotel sign coz it be really so small that you think that its just a sign board of a store . then you can see a small entrance something like one and a half meter wide and stairs go on a second floor . if you have a lot of baggage , for sure youre the only one who have to carry that all the way on the second floor . nobody will carry ur baggages . then at the front desk , my goodness , the staff cant understand english that much . its very difficult to communicate with them specially if u have some problem that u have to tell them . its good there an elevator , i think up to   or   floor , but my god , in one floor they have only   rooms . and when you enter the room , my kid start to lie down but their bed be so hard   really hard . the bed be not so soft and comfortable to sleep . but i have no choice but to stay there , im tell them my problem but they not understand . i not know if they really not understand or they just try to ignore my complaints . even the staff of   eleven at the corner of this hotel , theyre not so hospitable . they not even try to help tourist what they want in their store . as if , if you want to buy go ahead and if not no problem  

