room be clean and modern , location be good and safe . cost   i be charge hkd     per night   good for this area of kowloon . recommand for single   male or female or young couple , on a budget . would recommend evergreen hotel first though

be the mingle , now the acesite knutsford , so some aspect of the old review may not apply . i have stay here many times on business , both before and after the management change . yes , the rooms be very small and there be a short steep hill to walk up if you arrive on foot . neither of these bother me a bit   you may feel differently . the rooms be clean and modern . you can select track from their big cd collection to play in your room . choice of wifi or broadband in every room   it be a good quality connection at no extra charge . the new management seem to have cut costs   go be the two helpful indian gentleman who would assist and get to know you   replace by a couple of sleepy security guard who do n't seem to know you be there . that be a loss . otherwise , for the money , this be a good place to stay

we secure this room last minute on wotif com and although we be try to be conservative with our penny , for     hkd    night we be extremely disappoint and it be definitely not value for money . i cant say i am highly savvy when it come to technology but even i could tell that this claim to be asia 's most technically advance hotel be an absolute joke

we book the room last minute online and get a good price   in fact , it be the best price available in kowloon or hk island

this place be about as high tech as the flintstone ! very disappointing and certainly not what the website or brochure which they be cheeky enough to have on the front desk promise

if this have be the main feature of our holiday id be very disappointed . pricewise it be reasonable but i be glad we not have to pay the hotel advertise price . in short , most of the things that make this hotel sound great , be either break or miss altogether . here 's a rundown

we 're in the middle of a typhoon so we have to stay an extra day because all flight be cancelled . mingle place jack up our hotel rate . they double it . it 's bad enough that we be trap during the storm . we beg the concierge karen to help us and she say there 's nothing they can do . needle to say , we wo n't be stay here again

my partner and i be very curious about the     world first techotel    and expect to be blow away . the hotel be hard to find and situate in a back alley which we think be unusual and upon ask for direction we find out that it be not well know by the local store and hotels . if you have luggage , get drop off at the door for sure . location be convenient , service be friendly especially the guy at the lift . room albeit small be clean and comfortable . the frost glass shower certainly would create problem for friend or colleagues . no finger printing , customize music or tv in the shower so that be a bit dissapointing . i think the room would be fine if it be n't oversold in the advertising

i be very excite about this hotel after read about the high tech rooms . finger print entry , surround sound system , some rooms have lcd screen in the shower . i be expect a small room when i walk in i be shock at how small it be ! but i guess thats hong kong for you . if you be stay with a friend here there be no privacy what so ever when your have a shower as all that separate the bedroom be a clear glass window wall . the thousends of movie be great after a long day and there be a pool and a cool irish bar downstairs too . i could even listen to any radio station in the world from my tv ! yes after reading the other review the hotel be situate on a hill , so if u have luggage get drop right at the front , the hill be really steep ! a c be lovely as the humidy be unbearable and temp get to   degree ! would prob not stay here again as i would want to stay somewhere else for comparison would like to see if all hong kong hotel have such small rooms but location be great ! staff very friendly too

as a solo traveller i despair at the price of hotel in hk until i find mingle place . at less than half the cost of most place here its simply perfect

i stay here recently for four night in a twin room   bed . the hotel be locate in tst near the wed boutique on kimberley rd and very walkable from the tst mtr . it be situate uphill from kimberley   alternatively , you can use the knutsford terr . as a pass through from nathan rd . which maybe easier if your mobility be a concern . to get to the hotel , the easiest and fastest be to take the mtr airport express to kowloon station then take a cab to the hotel . be sure to print the location of the hotel in chinese or ask the driver for the empire hotel kowloon , mingle place be uphill from this hotel

very small rooms ,   people and   mad itt impossible to move . with hard bed , no privacy from bathroom   perspex .

i stay here with my girlfriend in march   the location be very good , a short walk from the shop and restaurant along nathan rd and about   minutes walk from tsim sha tsui station

stay in standard room and there be nowhere to store suitcase   in fact no room to store anything . would not stay there again unless i be on my own and even then unlikely . room however be clean and location be good

we have be rove around the hotel in hong kong due to a hotel shortage . we could only get one or   night in any place so i be quite well qualify to comment on hotel in hk   between the one we do stay at and the one we look at but could n't get a room in i must have see rooms at   different hotel

actually be this my first night stay at this hotel and want to share what a surprise find this is . the rooms be definitely small , i could barely fit two piece of luggage   medium       large without block my only pathway to the door but i really like how its clean

my daughter and i stay at the mingle for   nights . at first it feel a bit weird as the rooms be so small , but when you get use to it and see all the great stuff they have pack into the room it be really well design

we stay at the hotel for   night in deluxe . the room be ok , not too big but also not too small . the staff be quite nice and the service center be very helpful and attend our problem , which be quite a few . the location of the hotel be great , it 's locate near a lot of restaurant , shopping place , and there 's a good money changer that offer quite a good price for us   , it 's also near an mtr just a walk around the block

location be excellent   right in the heart of tsim sha tsui within   min walk to the mtr station

i stay at mingle place from   june for   nights . the hotel be situate in observatory court which be the road opposite the stanford hillview hotel which not all taxi driver be aware of . this hotel be a boutique style hotel with rooms feature lcd panel television , fingerprint recognition technology for the room door mine do n't work and be issue with a door card , air conditioning . please be aware that the single rooms be very compact , particularly the bed which be just about long enough for me i am     ! bed linen be clean but the blanket thin but heavy give the hot and humid climate . bath linen change daily . the bathroom be similarly compact with a walk in shower and very small sink . the room be make up every day although i notice that the mirror panel in the room be never dust down . tea make facility be provide and there be a small fridge under the token storage space area for hang your clothes . the room boast wireless network , but the signal strength be consistently poor and non existent and i give up try to connect at times although a network cable be provide result equally poor . staff be efficient and courteous but do not really go that     extra mile   

