i book this hotel on travelocity . it be the cheepest at the time and i just need to stay in mong kok , hong kong . i be reluctant because the cheapest option be a single room with a communal bathroom and shower

interesting little gem , sandwich in kowloon fairly close to local shop and amneties such as local parks and library to use free net

i would strongly recommend this hotel to anybody who ' travel on a tight budget and do n't want to spend too much on accommodation in one line the ywca anne black be     full value for money   

do not expect luxury . it be a budget hotel . location be acceptable , mtr station be   minute walk . rooms be old , but clean and have fridge . bed be very hard ! overall not bad , but i think there be better place in hk

i stay there   night on the last floor in single room . bed be indeed like a concrete , but i lake hard bed anyway it be good for back muscle . i usually eat the breakfast in the hotel cafeteria , be ok for the price around   hkd . distance to the yaumatei mtr be about   for me it take   . there be a ton of eat place with only local people and with very good vibe . of course , the noise during the night be quite strong when compare to the suburb of tallinn , estonia and they use some kind of strange cleaning liquid bad smell sometimes . hotel staff be very friendly . i recommend this hotel for anybody who be on the tight budget and like to walk every day at least  

the anne black be the first stop on my around the world trip and i instantly feel safe . i 'd book a single room but somehow end up with a twin on the   floor which be a bonus ! in terms of friendly reception service , there 's not a whole lot of that but the staff be reasonably helpful when require

the anne black be about a   minute walk from three different mtr stations , include mong kok where there be all sort of shopping on sai yeung choi st s and the other market

i stay at anne black for a night and a half last september of   ca n't quite remember which room it was . i have read an earlier review about the place possibly have bedbug , but i ignore it since it seem like it be write a while ago    but sure enough , while i be toss and turn due to jetlag , i discover several large and baby bedbug climb around the sheets . gross ~ ! they even crawl into my purse which i leave next to my pillow . i complain immediately and they switch me to a room on the lower floors   same problem . i squash a few of the bug and blood squirt onto the sheet ! i should have take the hint when i see little brown stain on the white sheets . anyway , i check out immediately around midnight and move to the metropolitan right across the street . much better hotel , tho of course more expensive

i have stay here       times . for the money , i find this to be a wonderful guest house . great staff , super service , excellent , clean , and professional . wonderful front office staff . nice cafe ' on site . plenty of small touch to make you feel at home . good location . right next to mongkok 's library for email and web things . comfortable , safe , clean

my friend life really close to this place in hong kong so i decide to book with this ywca since it would be the easiest way to meet up with her

hi , me and my friend visit hong kong last month for our fellowship exams . we stay in anne blank ywca for six days and five night , and i would like to share my experience about the same

have stay in a single room , a very typical hong kong style of lodge , however sort of costly hk     per night for a single bed . overall satisfy , check in and out be fast . location be good except for the up and down slope . no wireless access in room and there be only   channel provided . boring in room . foot reflexology services provide   level   at competitive price but fail to try out due to time constraint . cleanliness be great compare some other hk hostel whereby blanket and towel could n't be use

location   not bad   budget   nothing much to complain about   however , the only problem be the bed bugs . we have the unfortunate experience of have beaten by bed bug in the hotel . however the hotel be do routine pest control there . so its a balance of low budget  but a little risk . may not apply to all rooms .

i be in hong kong mid of july   initially i book a hostel to save money , but find a very good deal of ywca through an online book site . i stay in ann black for   nights . the location be good , but you will need to walk a little bit to get to the mtr . it 's close to all the night market , shop in mongkok area . if you arrive in airport , you can get to it by airport bus   again , if you be travel light , and willing to walk a bit . there be a direct bus transport from airport accord to the hotel website if you be willing to pay more

we check in june   ,   and check out july   ,   over all , our room be satisfactory . spacious , clean and quiet . the rest room bathroom be spacious too and clean with toiletries . the bed be okay with me . the room be clean daily . the grocery , bakery and bus stop be short walk distance from the hotel . the only downside be its distance to the mtr station which be a good   minutes walk . with the temperature and humidity when we be there , those walk be something we do n't look forward to . if you want to check your email , go to the kowloon public library just around the corner and you can use their computer with internet access for free during office hours

i can not believe the review on here ! i stay here base on those . the room be basic , yes , but the bed be like it be make out of concrete   unsleepable on , the toilet fill up to the brim like it will overflow and the aircon be super noisy . i do n't mind hostel or rough it but this place leave a lot to be desire   also the traffic noise be annoying . i would pay a bit extra for somewhere that have a bed that can be sleep on

fantastic hostel it be more like a uk   hotel with great breakfast and top location . rooms be clean and spacious , no problem at all

i stay in this hotel during chinese lunar year of   february until   february   first , i be very concern on the cleanliness of the communal bathroom however , it do not turn me down , i be very delight that the bathroom be very clean the room and the facility be all very simple it be very satisfactory for an independent and tight budget traveller like me

my previous stay in hong kong on a corporate expense account be at the intercontinental , so when i have the chance to go there on my own money and on a very tight budget , i be dismayed to find that our only affordable option be a     y    . grant , the rooms be spartan , but we commit to a one week stay and they     upgraded    us . the rooms be clean with outdated furniture and the place could use a paint job . there be cable tv , work laundry facility , and a restaurant that feature live entertainment some nights . the place cater mainly to chinese budget tourist and tour group and backpacker from all over the world . the restaurant food wo n't knock you over , but it be okay and reasonably priced . this ywca be locate a short walk from a bus stop with all kind of bus that will take you almost anywhere you would want to go . for other dine option , there be at least   bakery at the bottom of the hill where the y be locate and the breakfast pastry be good . there be also a small , elegant french restaurant there where you can get a very good meal that wo n't hurt your wallet . finally , for a good breakfast buffet , walk about   block down to the international ymca   they offer a great buffet at a very affordable price

as others have say the rooms be pretty basic , but we find them to be clean and comfortable

the hotel be in a good location . front desk staff be friendly but the restaurant coffee shop staff , while efficient in provide service , be not so friendly compare to the front desk staff . rooms be clean everyday but my wife and one of my son have bug bites . it could probably be the comforter which may not have be change daily

rooms be very basic . the blind could use replace and the paint a bit of touch up , but it be clean and bright . i stay in two rooms . one actually have a black and white tv ! there be a little less road noise on the side face the main entrance of the guest house

first of all   any overnight stop overs ? if this be the case which be in mine , then take the airport express to kowloon quicker than go to central and this hotel be a cheap , quick taxi ride to get there

the ywca anne black house be probably the cheapest     real    hotel one can book in hong kong . it 's not a hostel or a guest house nest inside a mixed use building . its location be n't as bad as it sound , as long as you 're fine with use the frequent     clean buses . two cross harbor tunnel route , many to star ferry , at least two to the new territories . walk to yau ma tei or mong kok mtr in about   minutes

