this be a large and very busy hotel , i find the service to be very good and the staff always helpful . the room be a reasonable size , clean and comfortable , my only complaint be give a smoking room . the breakfast be quite a large affair and include a full buffet of cook item , of which some can be a little cold , they also serve freshly cook pancakes as well as very good make to order omelettes . the hotel be in a great location and i would gladly stay here again

locate beside kowloon park . lovely to walk around the park . easy to walk around kowloon from here . pretty good breakfast . very friendly staff  accomodated us with an earlt check in . plenty of restaurant nearby serve very tasty local food

we book a family room   bunk bed through directrooms com on   sept at   per night with american breakfast and   per night without breakfast . we stay at bp intl on nov   ,  

good hotel not so good and bad either . a ncie place to stay if you plan to shop the whole day or go around

it have be hard for us to find a suitable hotel for our family of four   adult ,   child age   and   that be n't either too expensive or too far away from everything . very few hotel in hong kong have rooms for more than   people and one extra bed â € “ it 's next to impossible to find anything with room for   persons . two interconnect rooms would have be an option , except that the hong kong hotel be so expensive   we could not afford two separate rooms . but the bp international have   rooms available with bunk beds . all the standard rooms at the bp international be small and with two bunk bed it be a bit cramp , but it be quite cosy in its own right , and it work well enough for us for the four night we be there . we be on the   floor which i think be the lowest room floor . we have n't expect much of a view , but we could actually see the harbour from our room

ok , the rooms be on the small side , but at least there be walk room all around the bed , there 's desk space with a chair , and space to store luggage out of the way . anyway , when stay in a place like hong kong , there 's not the need for a large room , since you 're out most of the time

we book two rooms here rooms   and   use my flight mile for one night just to get our bearing in hong kong . i book this room base upon reading the other review on tripadvisor . this hotel be easily access via the cityflyer bus     hkd which drop you off near the jordan mtr prudential hotel prudential center . it be about   block away from where the bus drop you off . the hotel be a bit north of the other hotel in the tsim sha sui area and be on austin road just on the northern border of kowloon park . i book the cheaper city view rooms , but be upgrade to two harbor view rooms with excellent view of the park and victoria harbor

two other friend and i stay here for a week from nov .   to the   we have two bunk bed show in the picture , and although the room be small for   people , it be adequate enough , and it be an average size hong kong room . the girl at the front desk even upgrade us to a harbor view room as well . the rooms be clean , and the service be great . go on vacation , these be the two quality i look for in a hotel , because all i want be a clean place to sleep , while i explore the city . this hotel be under     and be ideal for my stay

we stay for   nights . small rooms   but ok   we don Â ´ t spend our time in the room anyway . the most important thing for us be that it be clean and have a nice location

this be your typical hong kong hotel . it be well locate at the top of kowloon park with direct access to all the attraction of kowloon and hong kong

great location if you just want to break your journey and go shopping and especially to the night market

ca n't say enough about the location . right off nathan road . about a   min walk to the mtr station . staff very friendly and willing to help . the only drawback be , there 's no pool or fitness center . otherwise , you 'll be pleasantly surprised . great view of hk island from the room

  mtr stations within   minutes walk jordan and austin . nathan road and all its shop round the corner   kowloon park next door     minutes walk to the harbour front , star ferry terminal and peninsula hotel for afternoon tea     minutes to the night market     minutes to the jade market . hotel clean   staff helpful . only have breakfast adequate but not as good as most in china so ca n't comment on restaurant for other meals . restaurant in the immediate area inexpensive and varied . well worth use as a base

after review all the hotel in the tsim tsai tsui area through trip advisor , we decide to zero down on bp international house    the hotel be very centrally locate from bus stop , mtr jordan station , and the ferry terminal to macau  which be all just five minutes walk from the hotel   the hotel be very well do up   with a good lobby , supebd city view from the room , very clean room and a very clean bahtroom   though both a lilttle small . for a city like hong kong i would say this would be one of the good hotel have a great location , easily accebile to all mode of transport   in a very safe area   and the best for people who want to travel all throughout the city and crash in the nite . surely deserve a four star rating

very classy . the service be ok . i be on the   floor , the view be fantastic . walk distance to the train station

this hotel be locate near nathan road . just a few minutes walk be the mtr station . there be also a mcdonald 's and a convenience store nearby . the room be small but clean with nice and clean bathrooms . tv in the room be also small but it 's cable tv . shampoo , soap , toothbrush , shower cap and slipper be provided . the bed be ok . i recommend this hotel for budget traveler who do n't want to sacrifice comfort

i have a   , overnight layover in hk and just want a clean , safe place to sleep . the bp int'l prove to be a delightful property , well locate , clean and economical

first impression be that the rooms be quite small . however , the rooms be very clean . we stay on one of the highest floor and have a great view overlook the harbour . the hotel be in a good location , two mtr stations in easy walk distance , park lane shopper boulevard one street away . the bathroom be better than any other hotel ive stay in   the shower be easy to use , good pressure , do not leak water onto the floor have glass door rather than shower curtain and drain quickly . the bed be hard and pillow be not very comfortable . the broadband internet service be not reliable , we try it twice and it only work for an hour or so before drop out   the staff could not figure out the problem and we still have to pay for it . there be no complementary bottled water which be disappointing as you ca n't drink the tap water . also there be no room service menu , do n't follow this up but do n't think they offer it

my first priority when i look for a hotel be it 's location     accessibility to a train station     the best thing about bp international be its location ,   min walk distance from the tsim sha tsui ferry pier , nathan road , jordan mtr station , mc donalds , kowloon park     right opposite the hotel be a seven eleven shop which be open

a pleasant hotel . get upgrade and free high speed internet access as client have a corporate account

we have no problem at the bp house and find the staff to be helpful . the rooms be super clean and i like the modern decor . they be small , but that seem to be the norm in hong kong

staff be very un co operative if you werent chinese . extremely staff . very unhelpful on where to go and what to do . roadworks right outside hotel loby and unable to either understand or heart what hotel staff be saying . very poor standard . would never recommend this hotel to anyone          

have a hard time find a reasonably price hotel in hong kong , but this be definately a great option on a central location ! we pay a little more for a room with a view and be n't disappoint   could see a big part of the hk island skyline ! room be small but not cramp and very clean , with a minibar , television and a nice bathroom . no breakfast be included . on the day we leave , we could leave our luggage in the lobby all day free of charge , next to the big portrait of sir baden powell

  impression be surprisingly good with free shuttle service at kowloon station via airport express , no hassle with large luggage and young children . walk distance to some of the most famous local food stall and the mtr bring you directly to disneyland . definitely worth it . not forget , it be just next to a park which give you a greener view in the heart of

with the courtesy bus from kowloon station , get to the hotel be easy . it only take   to jordan station     nathan road , and walk distance to many other sights . i be give the room on level   with view out to the harbour     it be great ! ! room     toilet decently sized . only complain be the internet connection   i pay for   hours and the staff do not inform me that i ca n't use them over a period of time but have to use in a go . otherwise , great place with good value

stay in kowloon be a good choice and so be the bp international , walk distance to star ferry terminal   minutes and the nearest mtr   minutes walk . the hotel 's lobby be quite spectacular and be a tribute to lord baden powell who of course be the founder of the scout movement . the hotel have a scout annexe , with it 's own separate entrance from the main hotel and we see many scout out on the street . despite this difference the hotel be as good as any international standard hotel for service , appearance and cleanliness plus an in room safe . we have reserve a city vista room through the internet but on arrival find that it have two single bed and we want a double . the staff find us a double room ok but unfortunately it be on a     smoking    floor and the smell be quite obvious even when step out of the lift , one evening we accidently turn off the vent in the room and the smell be suffocating . the bed be the hardest i have ever sleep on and the pillow be quite flat , in spite of that we sleep very well . maybe because of the room change we end up with a room overlook kowloon park and we could see part of the harbour . our   night deal cost     hkd no breakfast , extra   pp which be one of the most reasonable in hong kong . we find a very good cafe call marco 's in a street across the road where you could get an english type breakfast or asian or a combo of both for a very reasonable     hkd pp . we use the shuttle service organise through the hotel which consider the distance from the airport about a   minute drive at     hkd pp be very reasonable . i think the price have increase to     hkd now but still very reasonable . the hotel say that they have reserve a return journey for us too but it turn out that the earliest shuttle be at   and too late for our plane . we be well and truly rip off for the taxi return journey at     hkd , the hotel say it would cost     hkd with the meter show     hkd and the driver do a calculation for what we think be toll and maybe an airport fee . we be just so flabbergast and just pay but in hindsight i think we should have call his bluff and refuse to pay so much . other passenger we speak to be similarly rip off . weigh it all up i would definitely stay here again , for price convenience and cleanliness it be worth put up with a few niggles . hong kong be a great city , we feel very safe at all times . make sure you do a day trip out to lantau island to see the giant bhudda , it be just amazing ! i do a search on trip advisor for lantau island and find a traveller instructions for a trip there , his detail be amazingly accurate and we follow it almost to a tee and have a great adventure . the bird market be also an absolute must for a cultural experience

we stay in a city view room . the location of the hotel be great . close to mtr , temple street market , nathan road .   min walk to star ferry , and   min to ocean centre harbour city mall with a lot of cool designer shop

good service , clean , great value , good location       we have a really nice view of the harbour . top hotel for the money

we stay in a city view room overlook kowloon city park on non smoking floor . the check in be very efficient and friendly . the room be absolutely spotless and look as if it have recently be renovate as everything be very modern and new . the bathroom be brilliant , with a great power shower . receive a complimentary fruit basket , which be a nice surprise . the breakfast be comprehensive , it would be hard not to find something to please . the service be impeccable

the room be okay,relatively small but do have a nice view overlook the harbor . they do n't have a lot of harbor view room on the non smoking floor . so please make the request on your reservation ! the receptionist who help us to check in be cheerful and very helpful . they give us a room face the city before but since we be go to stay for a week . they manage to give us an upgrade and then change to a harbor view room later on . we appreciate that very much ! !

this be our   stay at the bp . we have a harbour parkview room on the   floor again with   twin bed and a great view of hong kong , victoria harbour and kowloon park . rooms and bathroom be extremely clean . there be a small refrigerator , safe , tea coffee pot and hairdryer in each room . i have read other review about the rooms     bathroom be small . compare to rooms in the u .s . they be , but if you have ever stay in a room in france you will think these be quite spacious . i have also read other review about the bed be hard . they be , but not to the point of be in pain when you wake up . the buffett breakfast be a great value with many choice of asian , western     indian cuisine . also , there be token operate laundry on the   floor with an automatic soap dispenser and an iron with iron board . extremely convenient

we book bp international through travel agent   holiday world . it be very pleasent experience to stay at bp international

a good hotel but the best thing about it be it 's location in kowloon . convenient to everything either by walk , mtr or ferry . the lobby be very nice and there 's a restaurant on the floor above it . the room i have be small with   single bed and have a clean but also small bathroom . the view from my room be fantastic as i look over the park and could easily see the harbor and hong kong on the other side

rooms be small but very clean . shower head be very stronge but tiny bathroom . have to repeat very very clean and new if u do n't mind the size . receptionist see that we have   people with   room book and ask if we interested in have a bunk bed room . to our suprise there 's such a thing as bunk bed in a hotel    haha    i am still laugh in joy of this finding    of course we do n't mind since with the extra friend tag along    with no extra charge    it surely be an option to save money when you have more people traveling    they give us a room with   bunk beds    = would the reason for have bunk bed be because they have a boy scout center inside the hotel    so it 's very safe    and staff very friendly    if you do n't know    this hotel have a bus that take you from the airport to the hotel and vice versa     i forgot if we arrange that with the hotel or from the airport    maybe contact the hotel would help you    location be good with   min walk to the train station    there 's a   across the street and a supermarket towards the leave side if you walk down  

this be our first trip to hong kong and we be not disapointed . we stay here for   night at the end of march as a stopover on our way to new zealand . the service be efficient and helpful . our room be excellent , perhaps a little small for   , but perfectly adequate for a short stay . it be beautifully clean and the bed be comfortable . we have an immaculate en suite shower room . kowloon park be just behind the hotel and provide a lovely walk on the way to the star ferry which only take about   minutes . we find hong kong to be extremely clean and efficient and be very impress that no one be allow to eat on the street or on public transport , consequently keep everying extremely clean and tidy . incidently if you drop litter there be an instant fine of Â £   ! we find eat out challenge , probably because we try to eat with the local and chinese food in hong kong be nothing like it be in england ! i think you have to pay a little more and eat in the european restaurants . get from the airport be so easy as there be train from the airport to the centre where you be able to get a taxi at a low cost to your hotel . one day we visit cheung chau island which be about a   min boat trip away and we feel we experience more of the real china . the building on hong kong island be awe inspire , go up to the   floor of the bank of china for a great view

this be the third time i stay here and i be not disappointed . its location be excellent and its quality be better than other hotel in the same class . the rooms be not small in hong kong 's standard in fact they be huge for the price you pay . jordon subway station be   minutes away and the hotel be walk distance to both tst tourist area and mong kok ymt shopping area for local

bp international scores over its location which be very close to attraction like nathan road , temple street , harbour view etc . we be give a harbour view room which have an excellent view of the harbour front . room be quite small with no room for an extra bed . staff be quite helpful and good service . understanding english be a bit of concern . general cleanliness be very good . the cantonese restaurant be strictly ok . hotel have a good travel service and you can book your ticket to disney and water park etc . overall we have a pleasant stay

clean , just the right room for   the hotel be near many shops . a nice place to stay in hongkong

bp international be probably one of the best values in hong kong . although it be not a great hotel by any means , in comparison with what else be out there in hk as well as the market rate for square footage , i doubt there be anything better for the price . we pay under us     a night for our room . an expat friend who have be live in hk for   years now visit our room and tell us that she be surprise at how nice it be give the location and price   and that she would recommend it to her visit friend in the future

my friend and i stay at this hotel last year . we decide on this partly because of the great review we find here . most of the excellent review make me expect more than what the hotel actually offered . the hotel be very near man 's market , other shopping area like park lane , walk distance from mtr station . that be the best thing about it   location ! the interior of the hotel be unremarkable , the breakfast buffet be simple though filling . however , the rooms be really tiny . definitely the picture find at the hotel 's website show the rooms look a lot better than it do really . the     double    bed that should be ok for two people barely look like a single bed to me . there be three of us , and after they provide an extra bed there be hardly room to walk ! we have to close our luggage otherwise we would be step on the bed to get from one end of the room to another . the shower area be tiny ! maybe it would have be better if it be n't enclose in glass . we be laugh one morning because one of my friend be take a bath and we could hear his elbow hit the glass . it be that small . this be my third trip to hongkong and though it be a relatively pleasant stay i would probably stay at a different hotel next time

the lobby look elegant and checking in do n't take very long . we be give a smoking room but the entire floor do n't smell of smoke . the room be small but cute . my mom and i be both petite so we really di n't have much of a problem with the size of the room . i guess taller people will have a bit of a problem with that . the bed be not as hard as some member have stated . you will definitely choose to sleep on it rather than on the floor . it be freeze while we be there so we turn the airconditioning off during our stay . the blanket keep us warm although they be somwhat old and overused . but i do n't care much since they be really clean . i love the interior since it 's modern as well as the bathroom . i love the strong pressure of the water as well . it 's not entirely a sound proofed room but i do n't experiencemuch noise come from outside our room . our toiletry be replenish everyday and our room be also clean daily . and it 's like a new room each time we come back . the tv have limited channels but it 's ok since we do n't come to hk to watch tv . hehe . the elevator do n't take long however the carpet on the lobby be already dirty due to the contant rain so i guess they should change it more often . overall , i will definitely stay here again since i be scare to risk try out other hotel in hk . the place be great and you can walk to any place , close to the mtr , night market along the street , as well as nathan road . i will recommend this to my friend

its our first time to check in at bp international and i must say for a   star hotel , price be just right . location be excellent , kowloon park at the back , few minutes walk to the mtr station , an airport express stop and a few minutes walk to commercial area . though rooms and bed be small , just right for those who only intend to sleep at night and walk all day . the bathroom be small but complete with the basic ammenities , they even provide complimentary sleeper , though not replace on a daily basis . overall me and my wife together with our friend enjoy our stay , the hotel staff     sun    even extend one of the rooms till       pm since our flight back will be at       will definitely consider checking in here again specially if we 'll be in a tight budget and need not to stay in the hotel for a long period of time

though i specifically ask ,   week in advance , for a double bed , they put me in a twin bed room . other than that , i be very much satisfy from the very good location , the cleanliness and the good choice of breakfast items . to my taste , the bathroom no bath , just a shower be too tiny even for   person

we would stay there again when we go back to hongkong . the location be great . the staff be friendly . they also have good exchange rates if you want to change your money to hongkong dollars . the room be clean everyday . the bathroom be modern and also very clean . we have a great vacation

be here with my wife last october . it be great ! ! ! especially the lobby which be very elegant and big . the rooms be small , which be i think standard in hong kong . however , they be very clean and up to date , especially the washrooms . the shower have glass walls . also checking in be a breeze , take only about   mins . daily maintenance be superb ! ! ! it be like a new room when we come back ! ! ! definitely comming back to this hotel again ! ! ! actually , we 'll only be stay in this hotel everytime we go back to hongkong ! ! ! it be so good ! ! ! by the way , i am the type of person who be either impress or not impress , so when i say its good , i mean it ! ! ! good job bp international ! !

bp international look nicer on the picture than it be in reality . the picture of the garden be kowloon garden but that be one heck of a photographer to make the view so nice . firstly , we be take through some backdoor through a shady area by the hotel shuttle shuttle be always a good thing . the room i have be a     family room    which have   bunk beds . since we have   ppl in one room it be a better option than cramp a double room with a third bed . my friend room with a queen bed be a bit larger . my view be pretty ugly except at night   . the bathroom be the nicest part with wall glass over and modern shower , faucet , toilet . the blanket be thin and rough . kind of like a cheap use blanket

i stay at bp hotel   yr ago via a air hotel package . it be so centrally locate that i stay there again last month through an air hotel package . the rooms , bathroom and its facility be upgrade to really nice modern decor since

this be a great hotel for the location and the cost . the picture be deceiving  it be take from kowloon park on the other side of the hotel . location be in kowloon , not far from anything but a fun walk to lots of places . mtr be easy and a station be nearby . a no frill place food their be too expensive never try it . room be small , but good we have a great view . staff helpful  a very busy commercial place  but who cares . room clean up every day . taxis be easy available if needed . do use their laundry room machines  a little pricey but great to have at the tail end or middle of a trip

the reception and lobby be really nice but the rooms be not great for the price

i stay in the bp international from   dec to   dec

this hotel be conveniently locate in kowloon ,   block from subway station jordan . it be in walk distance of shopping , coffee shop and restaurants . the sleeping rooms be small in terms of us standard , but very clean and functional . we have problem with confirm reservation , but that be rectify with complimentary buffet breakfast and basket of fruit . be sure to request non smoking rooms . taxis be available outside hotel , airport shuttle also pick up here . one advantage be free computer access to internet in the second floor bar

we book this hotel through agoda com and stay from   for     usd per night . we pick this hotel due to close proximity to mtr stations and easy accessibility to other places . the best feature in the room be the bathroom . it be larger than expect and clean . the shower do n't leak water out and the toilet flush be strong . another plus , they clean our room efficiently and fast . however , this hotel lack any amenities besides the toothbrush and slipper that be change daily . it lack a gym , swim pool , and even though it 's target for business people , it do n't offer wireless internet access in the room . wire internet costs     hkd for one day and it do n't even work in our room room   . we eventually go down to their lounge to use the wireless access we still have to pay the     and pay     hkd each for iced coffee . this hotel be good if you just need a place to sleep and nothing else . we be give two twin sized bed instead of a full queen as we be tell they do n't have any . would i stay at this hotel again ? probably not . the experience be n't horrible but i believe for the price i pay , i can get something better

we stay at this hotel for   night before we have to switch to guangdong hotel for irrelevant reasons . wish we do n't have to ! the room be small but comfortable . then again most hotel in hong kong with this kind of pricing be about the same size . the variety at the breakfast buffet be good . the location be excellent   can walk to anywhere easily with a couple of   convenience shop nearby . above all , it 's pretty quiet as it 's next to a park . although the reception counter be always busy , the hotel staff be most helpful once it 's your turn . i recommend this hotel to another friend and he give it rave review as well . will definitely return to stay at this hotel for my next trip to hong kong

the hotel be locate at a very convenient location   less than   minutes walk from the jordan mtr station . we be over hong kong between   oct   and   nov   , stay in room   the room be pretty spacious for hong kong standard and clean . oh , remember to try out australia milk company â € ™ s company sandwich several block away from the hotel , it â € ™ s really good

my wife and i stay in this hotel for three night at the end of a tour of china with wendy wu . have read some of the review before we go i have serious reservation about what we would find . we need not have worried . yes , the room we have on the   floor be not huge , but it be more than adequate as be the shower room . we have fax a request for a non smoking room before we leave and that 's what we got . it be very clean and there be a hair dryer with lift up mirror in the bedroom . noise ? well , you could hear the running water of nearby rooms but that be all . the bed be both clean and comfortable

an all rounder

the toilet and bath be a bit small   but not a big deal , it 's enough to do your thing . we stay   night and it be more than what we expect , clean room , minibar , tea coffee maker , tv and internet . the staff be helpful , room be clean daily , even if you get up late . towel be change daily

my friend and i stay here this september for   days . from the outside you 'll think that this could be a   star hotel coz it 's big . but once you 're inside you 'll know it 's just a   hotel . though they have a huge lobby , there be no doorman to open or close door for you , a bellboy do help us one time to bring our luggage to our room . but at the reception , a very friendly attendant name sun be very accomodating to answer and help us with our query

a very ideal hotel for people who be budget conscious . otherwise do n't expect any service from the staff or even the manager on duty . it 's like u pay cheap for the rooms and that 's it . nothing more

we find this hotel to be comfortable and professional . location be good easy walk   bus to tourist locations . great selection for breakfast and good quality



we stay here after a trip around china as part of wendy wu tours . we be tell by others in the taxi from the airport the rooms would be smaller than what have be use to in china . on nathan road , a good location .   min walk from jordan metro station . across the road be a useful exchange    do not take traveller cheque , cake shop useful if you have a party or birthday .   min walk from famous temple street and its market . plenty of place to eat . we eat in spaghetti house as desperate for a pizza    good food and service . out of hotel turn right then leave at the crossroads

we stay at the bp international at the end of april   the hotel have a good location , just a   min walk from the star ferry terminal and right next to nathan road for shopping . the hotel be good value for money , clean and tidy . the room be small , but this do not matter to us as we only return to the room to either shower and change or sleep . there be no iron or iron board in the room . we be disappoint to have be allocate a smoking room when we have request a non smoking room . when we immediately complain we be tell that there be no available non smoking rooms left . even though the room have be clean the smokey odour have seep into the bed and curtain and be unplesant for two non smokers . of note the majority of the hotel rooms be set aside for smoker and i believe only two floor have non smoking rooms

i stay at the bp international for   night recently . the hotel be very well look after , clean and very new . however the rooms be really small . there be almost no place to even put your luggage . the bathroom be extremely small . if you be unlucky enought to drop something on the floor , the only way to pick it up be to almost put your head in the pot ! ! !

bp international hotel be conveniently locate at austin road . right in front of the hotel be a   store , a money changer and a small grocery call     wellcome      where you can buy drink , snack     even electrical outlet adaptor at a fair price . austin rd be know for have small international restos that have good price too . just a few block away be temple drive where there be a flea market and a good outdoor place where you can eat good chinese cuisine . the jordan mtr station be also just a few block away , from there you can go to any point in hk   causeway , disneyworld , mongkok , etc . the hotel room be size just right , it may be a bit cramp and the bed may be a bit short for those who be over     tall   i am     and it be n't a problem . the room have all the basic amenities . for filipino , you may want to bring an electrical outlet adaptor to charge your celphones , camera     laptops . the hotel can lend you an adaptor for free but it do n't fit our usual plugs . you can buy one for hk     in the wellcome grocery right in front of the hotel . hotel staff be friendly     most speak basic english

very disappointed . be close to shopping for nathon rd . , but the rooms be smaller than my bathroom . no room for suitcase , no mirror except in bathroom , no extra , like shampoo and no hairdryer . carpet be dirty , and bed blanket be older than my grandmother . ask for a non smoking room and be put into a smoking room . assure me it be non smoking , smell like smoke and the pillow reek of smoke , and there be an ashtray in the room . insist they move us , which they do , after i get angry  was move to another floor , and whole floor be non smoking . so they lied to me . also ask for coupon for our breakfast , and they say just sign the ticket to your room . next morning they would n't let us eat without paying . price quote and pay in advance , to us include buffet breakfast next day they send me a msg . say they make a mistake and breakfast be included . but by then it be too late . we do n't get breakfast before join our day long tour

stay here for two night via australia , large hotel but the staff be very friendly , helpful and polite , the room be big enough and very very clean and the bar and lobby be great

i have a great rate for this hotel , and it not disappoint . its very close to harbour city shopping centre , the market , tsim tsa tsui    a short stroll and you 're by the harbour ! the jordan mtr be very very close by , so you can hop on and end up in mong kok . the room be actually quite big     clean . i enter my room just as a lady be cleaning it , and i see how much effort she put into cleaning the place up . the front desk be very helpful . overall , a great hotel , and i be already plan to go back

a bit hesitant at first but the review on this website make me book bp for   night during march   for myself and my   friend

we stay at the bp international over the period of new year   the hotel be quite good   when you compare alternative at a similar price . it have everything you would expect , pretty good rooms , all the usual bathroom stuff , friendly staff and some good view out over the harbour . the location be great   very centrally locate near nathan road and the park . we 'd recommend this hotel to anyone who do n't want to spend a ridiculous amount of money on a hotel , but want something reasonably decent

bp internatoinal be great value for money spent . the location be really good . it 's one street away from nathan road which be excellent for shopping electrical item

stay   in the hotel during march . choose the place as of its great location . there be a lot of eatery nearby the hotel , ferry terminal be within   min walk and the mtr station be within   min walk

this be a late review

this be my first overseas trip for pleasure with my sister and friend    the price 's right and the amenities be great ! it 's smack in the middle of tss    close to several stations of the mtr , very near the golden mile nathan road and good restos    a stone 's throw away from the china ferry terminal which you need to go to if you want to go to macau     around the bend from the hotel be the free airport express shuttle wait area of course , you need the pass for the airport express mtr       in case you do n't know   bp stand for sir baden powell   the founder of boy scouts    

worst hotel i have ever stay in . the staff be unhelpful at the reception , not understand english and do not take any person feelings into consideration

have a long flight from the uk , come to bp international to find they have mess up my book , end up pay for there mistake   that 's not all , every tourist need advice , and direction , but the reception staff be unhelpful .

i stay with my family for a week at the bp international house

stay at bp international for   night stopover en route to sydney

great location especially if you be catch the ferry to or from macau as the terminal be only a few hundred metre away . also very close to nathan road and the train system . rooms be tiny and bathroom even tinier and the brekky be good but nothing to write home about . tour desk be good and the lady there very helpful . overall consider the price you pay it be good value . stay here in nov

my second stay in honghong with my wife , after several change of hotel reservation with my travel agent i finally decide to book in bp international . i decide in this hotel because of the good review from trip advisor . all i can say be , i agree to most of the comment and rating on this hotel . the hotel lobby be impressive , its like one of the top mall here in manila where floor and ceiling be shinny ideal for the guests . the front desk officer be accomodating and rooms be just right for asian like us . our checking in and out be smoothly carry over . the location be very ideal for tourist , its just walk in a park go to the shopping center and transport system . very nice hotel and very ideal on location and great value . i would definitely recommend and be back here again . cheer to bp international

this hotel have a great location overlook kowloon park where you can watch the tai chi both morning and evening

for the traveller who would prefer to get out of their hotel room and explore a city , the bp international be a perfect choice . the price be incredibly good value , the rooms be clean and well appointed and the location be fantastic . instead of breakfast at the hotel , there be a great bakery up on the corner of nathan road . a croissant and a coffee on the go be all we need

this be a solid   hotel with what should be consider bargain rates give the location and the quality of room . we stay in a harbour parkview room , which have a surprisingly great view of the harbour and hong kong skyline with a direct wide open view of the   the tallest building in hong kong and the rest of central , although a couple of building do partially obstruct the view . i do believe we get extremetly lucky with the view , and i do n't think that every harbour parkview room would have the hong kong view comparable to ours

great hotel staid for   nights . near jordan station and nathan road .   minutes walk to star ferry . staff friendly and helpful . breakfast excelent value . ask for room overlook kowloon park as it be much quieter . late check out a pleasure

husband and i travel to hk as a wed annivesary trip although hubby have be to hk previously many years ago with the force ie when hk be british run

bp international be a nice place to stay at . the rooms be small but everything be clean . we have   bunkbeds in our room and a small but more update bathroom . the service be good . the only problem i have be the wall be thin . i could hear people talk outside of my room while i be inside my room . for the price you be pay for , the room be not a bad deal . i would definitely recommend this hotel if you do n't mind small space

nice and affordable hotel . great location

i pick this hotel base on review and prices . i do n't expect much of anything consider the relatively low rates . i be really surprise how nice the hotel be

the bp international be fine for our week long stay in december .

bp international be in an excellent location . from the airport you can easily catch the express train to kowloon station , where there be a free shuttle bus   i think to the hotel

we recently stay at this hotel , have read so many good things about it . the hotel building and the location be excellent , and the hotel lobby with its high ceiling , the large stairway all decorate for the year end season look really nice , although sit in the hotel lobby you could hear loud noices of cup and saucer , plate and spoon rattle against each other coming from the upper ground restaurant

sweet couple,manila

this hotel be in a great location just off nathan road . the hotel intself be very nice and the front desk and service be good

we have the great fortune to stay at this hotel during a visit to hong kong in november . we purchase an octopus card at the airport which not only take us directly to the hotel but this card could also be use at other outlet , for example if you wish to buy water or other things at certain shop , and other travel around hong kong . we also use it to travel back to the airport when leave and any credit not use be return to us . an excellent idea . the hotel be very well situate and within walk distance to the star ferry . the lobby of the hotel be very impressive and the breakfast be vary and more than adequate . the staff be very helpful . our room be not huge but then we do not spend much time there . the room be keep very clean and overall , stay here be a good choice . i would certainly return and have no reservation about recommend it

very good hotel in a superb location within a short walk distance to the temple street , jade market and nathan road . the kowloon park be just   minutes away . friendly reception staff . small but nice and clean rooms with refrigerator and aircon . nice view from our room harbourside nr .   in the   floor . all in all absolutely value for the money

stay at bp international in sept   after read good review on tripadvisor . we be n't disappoint

we arrange a limousine through the hotel that never turn up at the airport . this leave us strand at the airport and we have to locate a bus to take us to the hotel . when arrive at the hotel at   p .m . the bus take   hours instead of the   minutes it should have take we be advise that our room which we have book for   p .m . be not ready

i cant believe it . just now   at   pm i look outside my door to find guitar noise be come from , there be   people play guitar and make the most racket . besides that there be loud noise from emanate from the wall

husband and i stay here for two night in october   a nice pleasant hotel . room size decent , not as small as some of the reader suggested . the bathroom be for one person at a time only

we stay at the bp international in kowloon , hong kong for   night in early october   we be on holiday , not a business trip . this be our first visit to hong kong and we choose the hotel base on review on trip advisor . actually my number one choice be the salisbury ymca base on ta review but the ymca be fully book even two month prior to our trip . overall i be please with the bp , although i would have preferred to have be closer to the harbor

the bp internation be locate in tsim sha tsui right in the heart of kowloon

we stay at the bp international for   night in october and find it to be in an excellent location for all the shop and amenities . the hotel be spotless and the staff friendly . evening meal at the hotel be a buffet with plenty of differant choice and be great value for money

if you 're look for an above average , moderately price hotel in hk , then this hotel fit your needs . it 's conveniently locate in tsim sha tsui so there 's food , shopping , and access to the public transportation . i do n't know when they redid the rooms , but the rooms be nicely furnish and clean . the staff be friendly and knowledgeable . as already mention , they 're moderately price and imo worth it

this be not a hotel i have hear of before , but would happily return to again . the 'bp ' stand for baden powell and be headquarters for the hong kong boy scout movement , but that do not impinge on the operation of the hotel or the hotel guests . the double rooms have twin bed only and that should have be make clear at the time of book , but the rooms be a good size , clean and the bathroom look recently refurbish in stainless steel and glass . there be a hot and cold water dispenser at the end of each floor , but the tea and coffee make facility in the room be more than adequate . one evening we have the buffet evening meal which be advertise in the lift and it be something out of this world . i can not think of a single thing which be not part of the buffet , hot and cold seafood , meat , salad and those dessert be unreal , especially the individually steam chocolate souffle !

this be very good hotel , with an excellent location in kowloon i .e . it take us   min by foot to get to the star ferry to go to the hk island , the temple street market , the jade market   and   min to go to mong kok and a good rate . the room be very nice , with a view overlook the city , the park of kowloon and part of hk island , so we could even enjoy the symphony of light from our room ask the harbour parkview room . the only negative part would be that the wall be very thin we could hear when the guest next door be leaving coming back and if you 're a non smoker , make sure you ask for the non smoking floor we would sometimes smell cigarette smoke . i would definitely go back there and will recommend it to anyone who want to stay in hk . the staff be polite but not very friendly , but it do look like a very busy hotel reception be always crowd . it be also the scout center so it be quite funny to pass by tourist , businessmen and    young and older scout in the hotel lobby

my family and i stay at the hotel in july

we be travel as two adult and a child . we find bp international hotel an excellent place to stay . the hotel be very clean and well maintain and be in an excellent location . it be about one minutes walk from nathan road . we stay on the   floor there be around   and have very nice view out to the harbour . the only drawback we find be that the room be rather small . this be not a problem for us as we do n't really spend much time in there . hotel rooms in hk be generally small unless you want to pay a lot more . i would happily stay here again and would recommned this hotel to anyone

we be impress by the modern and elegant design of this hotel    from its lobby to its hotel rooms . staff be friendly , helpful and accommodating . the hallway and the room itself look and smell clean and fresh unlike other   hotel that we have stay before . location be also good    with kowloon park and parklane blvd just beside it , and the jordan mtr stn which will take you to anywhere you want to go in hk just a   walk . we have have no problem with our stay except that we be n't able to charge our mobile phone as their outlet be different from the europe and u .s . plug be sure to buy your adaptor !    other than that , overall experience be great . we will definitely recommend this hotel to our relative and friend who will visit hk    really good value for your money . Ã

more than decent nearly no frills hotel and more than decent hotel staff . very convenient , as it 's a short   walk to nathan road and   to the jordan mtr stn . temple st night mkt be an extra   walk but the market be overrate , fill with poor quality mainland chinese merchandise . from my room , i have a nice view of kowloon park , with hk island to my right . supermarket chain wellcome and   with a sushi chef to boot ! be just across the street

i always book this hotel or the shamrock hotel . it be clean and a good location .   walk to jordan subway station and   minute from kowloon park

i stay at the quad share room in bp international , but the tricky part be , the quad share room be n't available in any website , so we get a local friend to book the hotel room for us , because it 's so worth pay for it . do n't expect a   star treatment , it 's just a clean and equip room with   double decker beds . the location be great , just   min walk to the jordan mrt station . you could also talk a walk towards the temple street , as well as the tsim tsa tsui area

we want to stay in a hotel with a view of the habour but for it not to cost the earth . the bp internatioanl be an excellent choice , we have a great view of the park and habour and for a very reasonable price . the rooms be clean and of a good size for   people . the only disappointment we have be due to our flight times we arrive at   and be unable to check in until   the hotel do not have any shower facilites which be something i would have expect from a hotel of it 's rating

my last stay in bp intl house be last august   be great . when i again visit hongkong now with my family , i be surprise that there be big improvement in the hotel rooms , bathrooms toilets , lobby , restaurant etc . everything be clean and modern . although rooms be little bit small . it 's really a quiet not on the main street and nice place to stay . everything be near   mcdonalds , restaurant , mtr station , shopping arcade , kowloon park , convenient store

my wife and i stay here for   night at the end of may   we book through expedia and get an amazing deal

stay here for   night at the begin of may  

we stay for only   nights . for hong kong it be reasonably priced . the hotel be renovate   years ago and be very modern and nice . the rooms be small for american standard , but pretty good when compare to new york . i find all staff quite helpful , bar be a tad expensive but when purchase a drink have free internet . i do not eat here but restaurant seem fine . i have good experience only with the staff . right near the central subway line and a walk through the park away from downtown . good district to take in a hong kong experience . will go back

mike from ontario

stay with my wife and   girl         opt for the family room   double bunk the room though small be very clean nice view of the hk skyline the matresses comfortable with a room safe and mini fridge . the staff be very helpful especially the tour desk take a day tour to china which be good value . great location near the night market a park next door and close to nathan rd and the subway . will definetly go back there next time we be in hk

fantastic hotel . i have just come back from a   day holiday , spend   night at bp international , then go to thailand for   night and back to bp int . for the remain days . the rooms be modern , bright and immaculate   service every day . staff be extremely attentive and helpful . the best thing about the bp be the location , just off nathan road . minutes from jordan station and all bus routes . you can easily walk to the star ferry terminal , which be a   minute stroll . temple st night market be   min away too

we be pleasantly surprised . this hotel be in a good location right next to kowloon park , and one of the night market , and have several nice feature for family

my partner and i stay here for   night at the end of a month long trip

stay here for   nights . arrive from australia at about   and catch the airport train and transfer to the free bus that drop us at the front door of the hotel

we spend   night in bp international during our last trip to hk . i like the location   it 's situate centrally in tsim sha tsui area and jordan mtr station be a few min walk away . we walk to yau ma tei and mongkok from the hotel , about   min away on foot . there be many tourist attraction and shopping area around the hotel

i stay at bp international for   nights . the staff be welcome and helpful . my room be immaculate , well maintain , and clean each day . the mini bar as with all hotel a rip off , but over the road there be a seven eleven store sell the same drink for a fraction of the price . breakfast not brilliant , and there be plenty of other place , serve western and chinese food close by

we stay at bp international house for   days . the hotel have shuttle service from the airport which be arrange by our travel agent . very convenient ! the hotel look very new and clean . our check in be handle very efficiently , it take only a few minutes    but this could be because the room be already fully pay beforehand . we request for a non smoking room and since there be n't any more available , we get an upgrade to the   floor with the harbour view at no extra charge

we stay one week in bp hotel   it 's excellent for price

grand lobby complete with   payphones . staff speak enough english to get through a conversation and be very freindly even when you come back drench and cascade water everywhere after enjoy a monsoon

my husband and i stay here over the christmas   new years   period for   days . we have a very nice room on the   floor with a lovely view of hong kong harbour . the room , while not overly spacious , be perfectly fine for the two of us . the daily housekeep be excellent and the room and washroom be always spotless . the hotel be very close to nathan rd . and the harbour easy walk to great shopping and eat . the subway be handy for easy travel into hong kong and the star ferry be an easy walk . there be a selection of   chanels on the television and there be also an in room safe a great convenience

my husband and i have just return after   night at this hotel . our room be on the   floor with a great view of the city and kowloon park . the room have twin bed , big shower , hairdryer and mini bar and it be clean every day . there be a water dispensor at the end of the corridor which be convenient . there be a laundry room with powder include and an iron which be locate on the   floor   get token at reception . breakfast and evening meal be buffet with a good selection of food   euro for breakfast and   euro for dinner . happy hour at the bar be   until   staff very friendly and helpful through out our stay . great location beside kowloon park which have plenty of activity for local such as tai chi , line dancing , kung fu , sing , ballroom dancing , mcdonalds and swim pool etc etc and we always feel safe . temple st night market be   min walk away and even though its cheap still you be expect to haggle . get around hong kong be easy use the mtr which cost between   cent and   cent , the star ferry which cost about   cent definately a photo opportunity especially after   in the evening , taxis be also convenient and cheap . check the desk in the hotel regard tours i .e . trip to the buddah we would recommend it . we go to the beach repulse bay by local bus   have a drink and some food at the beach bar and my husband go for a swim   a great day . shopping in hong kong be fantastic from market to designer stores . its very clean and safe . there be a strip of bars in wan chai   go by taxi . we find dusk till dawn a fantastic bar with a great cover band and no cover charge also in wan chai go around   oclock . have recommend this hotel to friend and family

the rooms at this hotel be tiny . when first enter , you see a grand lobby , nice elevator , big hallways           and then the room . i suppose that for the price pay , you should not expect too much more

i stay at this hotel in early september   for one week . it be in a great location near the subway , beside a park , and near lots of shop and restaurant . the thing i like most about this hotel be the great location and view . my boyfriend and i stay in a room that face kowloon park . you get a great view of the hong kong harbour and all the light in the evening . i use the park in the morning to go for run , which be convenient because access to green space be limited in hk . the staff be accommodate when i request a quiet room that face the park . be vegetarian , this hotel be also in close proximity to about   different vegetarian chinese restaurant , which be really great . the hotel be only about a   minute walk to the nearest mtr subway station jordan . in regard to the interior , the hotel be fairly new and the rooms look clean and modern . the only thing that visitor should be prepare for be hundred of boyscouts and girlguides that use the hotel as a dormitory . but you only see them in the lobby , so it be n't a problem . i 'd definitely stay at this hotel again

stay here on my first night for an eight day business trip to mainland . reason for stay here be that my trip be a last minute trip , and all of my regular hotel be booked . this be apparantly the only room in town . my rate be     hkd night . request non smoking room and be give a room with   twin beds . i be   '     tall , so i ask to switch , and be refuse as it be the last room in the hotel . room be nicely decorate and very clean . after settle in my room , i then try to access the internet email from my room , and be tell that there be no wireless on non smoking floor , although they do have broadband access in all rooms . unfortunately , i do not have a cable , so i check with reception and be tell that they be all out . when i ask what i should do , i be tell to go to mongkok to buy a cable . terrible customer service . i do venture out on the street , and find a cable . when i do get onto the broadband , it be slower than dial up . i could not even access some websites . needle to stay , i wil never stay here again

good location , about   walk from avenue of the star and star ferry

i love this hotel . it be rate a   but have the feel of a   hotel . the hotel location be great which be just a walk distance away from the temple street night market . we have dim sum and dinner at the chinese restaurant in the hotel and the food be great . the hotel cafe at the mezzanine provide   min free internet access or longer if no one be wait to use it from   pm until close time

i stay here june of   for one week with   other friend and be plesently surprised . we be hesistant at first as our taxi driver call the place     garbage    and criticize it for have bunk bed since there be four of us , our room consist of   bunks   this be also a popular hotel for boy scout

we stay for four night as a stopover from europe to australia and be really happy with this hotel . the excellent service start before we even step inside as we arrive in the middle of the worst thunderstorm in   years so the bus driver rang the hotel to make sure a porter come out with an umbrella to meet us . our checkin be very professional and courteous . we travel on a corporate package and be allocate a harbour view room on the   floor , not much to see on arrival but the view be magnificent especially at night when the cloud finally lifted . we have no trouble with noise     hardly see any scout as they have a separate bank of lift and be only allocate between between certain floor on the lower level

it 's my first time in hongkong and i am worry about get a hotel since i have hear some pretty bad review about hongkong hotel before . i be relieved when we get to the hotel . the lobby be big and presentable . we book   standard rooms and they be very clean but small . i have read review before that the bed be too hard , but it be just fine for me

the guest room , although small , be very clean and modern . it be very difficult for me to rest well in my room due to several reasons . first , there be a lot of child run and play along the corridor . second , there be a few guest who speak very loudly for a very long time early in the morning and late at night , include weekends . third , some guest be smoking and as the windows could not be open , i have to sleep with the smoke the whole night and feel terrible in the morning . fourth , one guest actually knock on my door at   be on a sunday for no reason at all . some others knock on the door of their friends family for a considerable period of time . fifth , the mattress and pillow be awful . six , you could hear tv noise and conversation from the room next door

we stay here for   night as part of a leisure trip and be impress with the quality of the hotel . the rooms be very tiny , but all of them be above the   floor and have nice view of the city and its busy streets . our room have two very small single bed this be consider a double room and the bathroom be also very small and have only a shower , no tub . they supply basic amenities   toothbrush and toothpaste , comb , and shampoo , but no soap . each morning they serve a buffet breakfast with both western eastern food and drinks . the hotel be within walk distance of almost everything   nathan st . and canton st . shop , temple street market , the waterfront star ferry and skyline , and the closest subway be jordan station , just   minutes walk . the hotel border the kowloon park , a very impressive open space . the staff of the hotel speak english and be very happy to help with questions . also , this hotel be serve by tour company and be not out of the way . the lobby be very impressive and spacious . major downside     internet computer for the entire hotel , and they can only be use from like   to   daily and not on weekends . not recommend for business traveler because of this

bp intl house be a great hotel with a big lobby and great location ! the rooms be just right and their basement restaurant have the best dimsum in hk . we stay there for five days and we get   twin rooms for the whole family . the rooms be always clean and the cleaning lady whom we always meet every morning in the corridor be so nice ! the staff be friendly and very helpful . we would definitely go back there when we visit hk . its a   star hotel with a five star service ! !

we spend one night in hong kong as a stopover on route to australia the hotel look ok from the the outside , but the room leave a lot to be desired . the bed be clean which be a bonus . i would not use the bp international again

we enjoy our stay at bp international . my husband and i decide to go to hongkong for our   year anniversary . we do n't plan a very grand vacation though . we be on a budget and bp int'l happen to be the cheapest in the list that our travel agent give us

as a family of four we book a family suite . this be very small , consist of   bunk bed on the   floor . the room be clean but i feel that have the bunk bed so close to the window be quite unsafe

we stay here with our two child   and   for   night as part of a round the world trip in january . we book it after reading lonely planet and be offer a     discount for an early booking . at the time , know that it be bunk bed we have some reservation , but go for it because of the central location and the price we think we might be get low on funds by that stage of our trip

i stop in hong kong on my way to and from new zealand . on the way out i stay at the empire hotel kowloon as the bp international be full

the airport express shuttle bus stop at the hotel so it be very easy to get to the hotel from the airport

my husband and i stay here for   night over christmas and have a fantastic time . we be upgrade to the   floor and the room be spotlessly clean with a great shower . we also have a kettle , a television and a fridge in the room . the bed be firm but not too hard . there be a shoe shine machine and a free cold water dispenser on the landing . the hotel be tremendous value we pay Â £   for the room per night and the location be excellent , be a   minute walk to nathan road and the m .t .r . subway we do n't eat at the hotel as there be so many restaurant to choose from in that area . temple street night market and the jade market be both close buy . the   bus from outside the government office on canton road turn leave out of the hotel and cross over use the underpass go all the way to stanley market , go through aberdeen and repulse bay on the way and take about   minutes to   hour

this hotel be in a good location for our shopping trip to hong kong . right off nathan road on the kowloon side , and within walk distance of the night and jade market , we enjoy the location . walk through the adjacent park every morning be fun , and the view

we like this hotel the staff be friendly and helpful they must have read some of the early review . the room   floor have a great view across kowloon park to hong kong island . the bar have two internet machine free of charge which my wife use to email family and friends . we can not comment on the food in the hotel as we eat out during our stays the location be quite good for transport mtr buses to the other tourist area of hong kong,the area around the hotel have lots of eat place , the night market at temple street be a short walk away . just around the corner be nathan road for any other shopping you need to do . we use the hotel as a base as we also visit beijing and taipei . it be close to the airport express station in kowloon by taxis or free bus , also have a direct bus service to the airport . when we travel to beijing and taipei we leave most of our luggage in storage at the hotel free of charge we would stay again

bp international hotel hk

