well locate , but the rooms be like pigeon hole

i have stay for a week in bishop for my holidays . out of so many hotel i have stay , this be truly one of the best in terms of pricing , value add and facility ! they must be one of the only few to offer free broadband internet in all rooms and its speed be lightning fast ! most hotel require you to pay for such internet access

i stay here with my girlfriend and decide to pay a little extra for a harbour view suite . after check their website direct , i notice that they offer grand harbour view suite for just   extra per night . when we arrive in our top floor corner room we be greet by spectacular   + degree view of the hong kong skyline , botanical garden and harbour which become awe inspiring when the sun go down . once we have take in the view , the room be excellent , clean and very large with a separate live room with floor to ceiling windows , a well stock mini bar and plasman tv . the bedroom have a firm but comfortable double bed and floor to ceiling windows round two wall of the room . the bathroom be small and the shower would intermittently run cold , but sometimes a cold shower be need in order to fully appreciate everything else , so we do n't mind ! the hotel provide a host of services , but we only really take advantage of the free internet access which work flawlessly

great location with incredible view of hk island . large rooms and close to everything . escalator walk only   block away . clean room with modern furnishings . very good pricing for this expensive city

i want to say in mid levels near the escalator and the location be perfect for explore central . i book a standard room the first night . what a shock . it be a tiny cubicle with two child size beds . more like a ship 's cabin than a hotel room , face into apartment across the road . claustrophobic even for one person . there be no room to unpack , no desk , just a ledge too tiny to perch my laptop . at least it be clean and tidy . since hong kong be all about the view and it be my last night in asia i ask to change rooms and splurge double the price , about us     on a harbor view suite on a high floor for the second night . now you 're talking . the bathroom be still small , but now i have a nice little sit room with desk and small sofa and a comfy bedroom , both with magnificent views . overall , bishop leu a good place to stay in central    especially if you like stair climb , shopping and explore small alley    at way lower price than , say , the mandarin oriental . the hotel restaurant have good buffet breakfast and nice meal at reasonable prices . i like the small pool on the second floor . wireless internet spotty    much better in public area than guest rooms . quiet , helpful staff , especially concierge . good place for single people travel alone

i choose the bishop leu on the basis of its intriguing ownership , the radical location and the large number of review from satisfy guests . well , i am another satisfy guest

small rooms and bathroom have everything necessary for a very comfortable stay if you 're on a budget , though we do n't manage to get free breakfast like the other recent reviewer

stay here be fantastic . great room , good deal , dynamite location , lovely staff , free breakfast , fantastic pool . seriously , it be an excellent place to stay while in hk . i be sure room rates vary a lot depend on when you 're there , but we get a good deal on ours

i would recommend this hotel to anyone travel to hk on a budget . i have stay there three times now , and although the rooms be small , the value be phenomenal and rooms , bathroom and public area be keep very clean

a comfortable , clean , friendly place to stay on hong kong island . the staff be very accommodate and attentive . the hotel be a short taxi ride from central and few minutes walk from the midlevels escalator and supermarkets . maximize to make the most of space , the rooms be recently refurbish in a green and white motif , coffee station , free wireless internet , in room safe , flat screen tv with many international and english language channels , single bed , desk , and wonderful bedding . excellent value , especially for hong kong . i actually prefer to be a little bit away from city center as the hotel have a very calm and relax feeling about it   a nice place to retreat to at the end of the day . book online for the best rate

my wife and i just return from a   week stay at this hotel . we thoroughly enjoy our stay there . the staff be extremely courteous and helpful . the food in the restaurant be reasonably priced . nice size pool with life guard on duty . free shuttle bus to subway and to airport train

we stay a night in this hotel , overall everything be in order . the room be small but if you just need a place to sleep and put your luggage then it be more than enough . the price be reasonable for a hotel locate near the peak . although its location be not in the center of city but it be easy to reach there provide remember to use the outdoor escalator ! ! never ever follow the ice house street though from the map it seem quite near to reach the hotel but in fact that road be extremely steep unless you like to climb moutain ! ! the hotel actually have shuttle bus to admiralty mtr station so do check with the hotel how to get their shuttle bus in order to reach the hotel . use the asia longest outdoor escalotor you can walk down to lan kwai fong and soho area in   minutes time . from hotel to the escalator it only take you less than   minutes walk

for the price of s     a night from agoda , it 's definitely one of the good hotel out there in hong kong island . despite the fact that it be relatively far away from the mtr station , it be within walk distance to the mid level elevator approx .   . not only that , there 's even a bus stop right outside the hotel . there 's also a hotel shuttle bus service to the airport express and other location

we stay at the bishop leu after get off the fifteen hour airplane ride from toronto . the hotel staff be friendly and helpful , and the rooms be very clean and comfortable . the kingsize bed and comforter be so soft we sleep well every night we be there . the shower head rotates from one nozzle to four mini one and have great pressure . although the rooms be small , they come equip with everything you need

this be my first trip to hong kong , and the area of this hotel be excellent . within walk distance or short cab ride of everywhere we want to go

the location be excellent , staff be very helpful . our room be small , but enough to sleep . nice pool . free shuttle to the centre available many times per day , and only a couple of minutes to the escalator . nice for the price

i arrive by bus   from central to the front lobby of the hotel only to realize i leave my backpack in the bus . the backpack contain my passport,reasonable amount of money,mobile phone and laptop in short,im dead without these

the hotel be conveniently locate , close to the peak tram within walk distance and just a few minutes by taxi which be by the way very cheap to the pier and star ferry . the room be nice and very clean . the staff be polite and very accommodate

the facility be good at the hotel , the room be smaller but enough for one person . they also provide shuttle to airport city centre and market , which be very convenient

after reading alot of review and narrowing it down to a few hotel , i opt for bishop leu and very glad i be too . book online i get a good discount on a suite on the   floor about   a night with nice views . the room be in fact divide into two rooms   the large bed be very comfortable with modern flat screen tv and aircon , and there be also a live room office area with another tv , phone , sofa and desk   actually this be pretty spacious all in all and the floor to ceiling windows give me great view , lots of light . the room include adequate storage space , a small safe and a decent size bathroom with a really terrific spa style multijet shower . there be also a kettle with tea and coffee . the minibar be expensive but i do n't bother . i must admit i do little else other than sleep here   so no idea if the food be edible or worth the cost . the staff be friendly and helpful but i do n't require any more than that so they be hardly tested . the place be really quiet both internally and externally . some reviewer claim that the hotel 's position on mid levels make it too remote to go shopping but it be a five minute walk to soho for bars and restaurant and the escalator make it a very easy journey down to the central mtr area and wan chai for mall etc . it be also pretty easy from the airport   get the express train then either grab a cab about   dollar or you can walk to the escalator without actually walk on the busy streets . if the shopping cornucopia of kowloon be not a priority then i would definitely recommend this hotel . it 's not romantic nor much of a destination hotel but its recent refit mean the rooms be clean , stylish and modern and in this discount price bracket , that 's quite rare . i have a quick swim in the pool on the last day and walk down to town via the free hk zoological garden which be delightful and one of the few place you ca n't hear the traffic . the free wifi work perfectly with both laptop and an iphone . all it take be a code from the reception

the bishop leu be perch above central in mid levels . down the steps   minutes , and you be in central . to return , take the mid levels escalator . if you be look for a medium to low price hotel close to central but high above the hustle and bustle , the bishop leu be great . it wo n't suit the person who want   or   star luxury , but for the more cost conscious traveler it 's very good . the rooms be small as have be note , but if you 're travel alone , it 's fine . free wireless internet and a good breakfast included deal make this a perfect option for me . i have stay here often and always be very satisfy

this hotel have get all the basics of cleanliness and facility , although the staff be n't very friendly . we be able to get a very good deal so i really ca n't complain , but i will say it be a very tiny space for a couple to spend more than a few days . there be no where to put your suitcase so basically you spend all your time step over and around your luggage . there be a tiny bit of hang space but no where else to put clothes . if you have to pay full price this might be something to consider even though it be hong kong

this be a good hotel in terms of value     location . close to the escalator , complementary shuttle bus that run several route throughout the day extremely punctual , public bus stop right in front of the hotel , rooms be clean and comfortable , fantastic free internet connection live in malyasia where you can have a cup of coffee while it downloads , i be have a hard time keep up the surf speed . special mention of the housekeep staffs . a colleague of mine leave quite a valuable watch in the room when she check out . we leave our bag at the concierge to go for meeting and when we come back to pick the bag , we be inform that a watch have be find in her room . she have not even realise it at that time

stay   days in twin with harbour view . tv in bed room and lounge area , plenty of space in rooms . fantastic views . bathroom with shower . mini bar heavy price for bar stock so fill with your own stuff ! ! excellent friendly staff . not forget the free bus service from hotel to central and admiralty in town . also public transport right outside the front door . rooms fully service daily with fresh linen and towels . top marks in every respect get an octopus card for bus travel etc . get refund of unused balance when you leave at central

the internet service be spotty then gone . for days . location , service , and value be good . but if connect to internet be important , i would skip this hotel . i wish i have

i have write about bishop leu before   in summary it 's clean , friendly , cheap for hk and relatively convenient . my firm put   room nights a year through the hotel

stay here for five night in march   i request a single room on an upper floor

this will be the   time we have stay here . the first year we be ok with the rooms , as you do n't spend all day in bed when you be in a fantastic place like hk . the next year we book one of the duplex suites . fantastic view of the harbour and great appartment like room . we do n't have the     show cooking    breakfast , but prefer to wander down the escalator to one of themany cafe nearby . the location be great with the mid level escalator only a couple of minute away . last year we book into another hotel in wan chai , only to stay one night and then move into the bishop lei . it be not luxurious , but immaculately clean and with polite friendly staff i would definately recommend this to my friends . however you do need to be able to be quite mobile as the roads be quite steep

my wife and i stay in the bishop leu for a week just before move back to the us from hong kong we have live in hk for over   years and find it great . we do , however , get a suite so have a bit more room . indeed , i would highly recommend this as we hear several people complain to the front desk that their standard rooms be very small . not that the suite be huge by any means , but i think it 's worth the extra money . we pay   per night , which in hk be exceptionally cheap for what we get , but i do notice the price fluctuates considerably depend on when you go i .e . , the price more than double for the weekend of the rugby  

bishop leu be my favourite hotel in hong kong . for a fair price , i get a great location , nice view , and good service

for a group of friend look for somewhere reasonably price , about   star and central this be perfect

myself , my wife and my parent stay   night at bishop leu in the latter half of march and be all please with the choice of hotel . while i regularly stay in the novotel in wan chai for business i be look for something affordable , but with a view of something apart from the building three foot away as i be away bring my parent on holiday to hk for the first time

we book this over the phone   before arrive and we be able to get a discount on   harbour view suite   bargin   so the suite consist of   rooms   room with   single bed flat screen telly and a lounge with desk and sofa with a large flat screen , we have free wifi which be very helpful as we have our lap top . the bathroom be a good size with hair dryer and normal additionals the shower have two shower head one detachable . the rooms be all clean and tidy we have massive ceiling to floor windows and nice enough view we be on the   floor which be helpful . the people at the desk be very helpful the location be fine for us as we have already spend   night at happy valley area and the bus service out side be very handy and the cab down to lfk be cheap . all in all we have a lovely stay here and would recommend this place to friend and family . only thing be breakfast be not include which i prefer in a hotel as it set me up for the day and i cant start do the touristy thing right away , they do have a resturant there but we never get a chance to sample

we stay one night at the bishop lei . it 's a basic hotel in a residential area . it be locate very close to the escalator , give you easy access shops . bars , night life and shopping be a short stroll away . although the hotel have free internet access in the room , we be n't able to connect . as mention in other review , the rooms be very small . that be say , they 're clean and reasonably price for hong kong

first stay at this hotel . be warn that rooms be small so book a suite with harbor view . if more than one person i would definitely recommend book a suite . do n't see much of the harbor but the view be still very nice . love use the escalator to head down to the restaurants . central be easy to get to on foot

a friend recommend this hotel for our   hour stopover . the location be very convenient , very close to the top of the escalator that travel from the bottom of hong kong island up to the top . we walk down the steps little street     alley for a fascinating quick view of the street market scene   find little noodle shop , fruit stalls etc . we take a bus right outside that take us to the point to take the tram to the peak . our room be the cheapest one , and it be absolutely fine , for a shoebox ! however , we meet other people there who rave about their rooms   particularly one couple who stay there frequently     have a suite . it 's definitely worth check out . breakfast be n't include in the price hkd   inc tax       . would definitely stay there again , but in a larger room

second stay here , choose because of location near the escalator and reasonable price . and the rooms and bed be comfortable . but do be aware of the fact that the rooms be very small , it be difficult to move around the double bed use the floor ! also book a package with breakfast only if you want the cook to order and good breakfast , otherwise a trip up the street be far more sensible . a stingy touch be the warning not to drink the tap water but a failure to provide drinking water . this be completely unacceptable in a modern hotel

have stay in various hotel in hong kong over the years , i choose the bishop leu international house due to its close proximity to the airport express terminal and the mid levels escalator , and stay for one night on the   january   the staff be extremely helpful and efficient . the room and bathroom be very clean with large duvet , big fluffy towel , tea and coffee make facility , free newspaper and wifi and a stunning cityscape view although not harbour view as book . look out of the window , a pool with sun lounger and a nice terrace with table and chair could be see below . after a brief sojourn across the harbour we return for a good night sleep ready for an early morning flight . this be where the hotel have unfortunately let itself down big time â € “ the smallest and hardest hotel bed i have ever sleep in . what a shame as this detracts from what be otherwise an excellent choice of hotel in a central location

well it be cheap , in a supposedly good location mid levels , and close to my friend 's place which be good because i be in transit for about   hours overnight , but overall i be really unimpressed with this place

beware of this hotel . we reserve a room , then have to cancel . we cancel in plenty of time . but they refuse to accept the email cancel the reservation . in their reservation confirmation , they have some vague instructions about how to cancel  but the instructions make it impossible to know what they meant . as a result , they extort over a     from us

although not super cheap , this be a very good deal for what you get    a very clean , well run hotel with modern amenities in a very convenient location just a few block from the escalators steps down to soho and central or a very cheap cab ride down

we have stay at the bishop a number of times this year the latest be december this year . locate on robinson road near to the escalator and just above soho     lkf , the bishop be very conveniently locate to central hong kong . it 's currently under a well deserve renovation but if your out during the day , this should n't affect you too much . like all hong kong hotel , the rooms be pretty small . we usually book a     suite    which for the extra money be well worth it as we end up with a separate lounge room and bedroom . it 's not much to rave about but it 's comfortable , clean , conveniently locate and in comparison to other hotel in hk , pretty reasonable on the pocket ! !

the hotel be in a great location at the top of the escalator and be good value for your money in hong kong . however , the receptionist desk staff be hard to communicate with . we have to cancel our last night due to airport problem in bangkok we have to change flight and plan , but try tospeak to the staff about this be very difficult . we have to insist on talk to a manager as we keep be tell no to get our money back for our cancel night minus deposit . we be tell a manager do not work on monday so my husband have to raise his voice to ask for a manager , then one suddenly appear and help us sort out the problem

my husband and i stay here one night base on a friend 's recommendation for a budget hotel in a good location . the hotel be situate in a very accessible location from the airport subway and quick taxi ride and to all the shopping food nightlife . however , i think this hotel could use a little better customer service , especially at the front desk . i know it may be a     budget    hotel , but it do n't excuse poor service see below for specific

we spend   night at the bishop lei . we book the last room available and happily upgrade on check in to a harbour view suite on the   floor . the room be very small double bed and small bedside cabinet with another room with a couch , desk , fridge and tv , kettle and it have a small shower bathroom . very comfortable , clean with good aircon and attentive staff who come to see if we be ok and need a turndown service . the view be great   mainly building and you could just make out the water . but no complaint as we have expect a room with no desk with no view ! it be very quiet friday night

i be look for an affordable base of operations in central western hong kong island . hotel be fine . i stay in a single room , pay     room be small but adequate , bathroom be a decent size . clean room but bathroom have mold in tile grout and shower floor be loose . hot water in shower last about five minutes , then would cycle cold for   minute then back to hot . annoy when you be in a hurry in the am . also , conceierge give incorrect info re which city bus to take to my destination . likewise , front desk staff give me wrong weekend bus schedule only week day schedule be print and i miss bus to train station and have to take a cab . breakfast be passable but not great . small gym be nice and staff be friendly in general . location be quiet , residential and appear safe . not a bad experience but i think i can do better for us     or     more a night

this hotel be locate in a relatively quiet residential area . easy access to bus and the mid level escalator . service be very good . while there be no good restaurant nearby , the hotel have a small and convenient one . we have the harbor view suite on the   floor . photo be attached . while not spacious , the room be more than adequate . i would not hesitate to stay here again

bishop leu be a very clean and comfortable hotel in a great location for access all main area of interest on hk island . do n't expect anything overly flash   the rooms be simple and on the smaller side , but we be very comfortable and have no complaint with the rooms or service whatsoever . breakfast in the restaurant be very good with a relax atmosphere be n't include in our package though . lan kwai fong , which be the main bar restaurant nightlife area be no more than   min by foot and escalator . rooms be not particularly cheap , but for what we get and the location , i would not hesitate to stay there again

i have stay at bishop leu twice , dec   for   night and dec   for   nights . on both occasions the hotel represent fantastic value for money , especially as i obtain a breakfast inclusive rate with expedia . note that however you book , an extra     service charge will be add to the bill

the harbor view suite sound great from other review , however after book online and pay a premium rate , i be offer a room on the   floor with no harbor view i .e . no water visible only the back of the building in front of the hotel . i finally get a room on the   floor after a lot of discussion . i could at least see a tiny part of the harbor

the plus for this hotel be the location . i get the room with the view of the harbour and it be pretty awesome . another thing be it be pretty close to the mid level escalator , which be very convenient to get to central . also the escalator pass many nice cafe and shop as well as lan kwai fong , one of the happen spots of hong kong . the hotel be really nicely locate as it be not stucked smack bang in the middle of the hong kong madden hustle and bustle but it be close enough . they also provide free shuttle service downtown

if you 're not religious , do n't let the whole 'christian hotel ' thing put you off . there be nothing spiritual about the place except for the feeling of be in the cloud when look out from a harbour view room ! we manage to get a harbour view room an absolutel must ! for hk     a night . the rooms be smallish and the hotel do n't have too much to keep you entertain but you 're in hong kong   get out and see the sights . come to think of it , we couldn   t even use the pool because there be severe storm warnings . the customer service be ok but nothing to write home about . location be great but half way up a mountain , expect to do some walk or use the escalator or a taxi ! nevertheless , great location

the great aspect include the location . just a   minute walk to the escalator , easy to get to by taxi and robinson road be well know by all , so no confusion on where you want to go

i be sit in a harbour view suite     at the bishop leu with a panoramic view from both rooms that be amazing . not only this , but we hear the ape in the zoo this morning , see an eagle soar over the botanical garden below and can watch the star ferry come and go . all of this for     hk a night ! this have get to be the best deal in hk . if you be here purely to shop , then the midlevels be not for you . but if you want to experience hk , do some tour , shopping and enjoy the restaurant of soho , this be the place . we think we want to stay in central and be not willing to pay the price two adult     one child for other hotels . we have a two room suite here . everything be clean and new . large tv , quiet airconditioning , floor to ceiling windows , crisp white duvet , down pillow and shuttle to take us almost anywhere . we be use the mid level escalator , but i can imagine that in august , it would get tiresome . we use the hotel organize limousine service to get here . very simple , nice and reasonable . the breakfast buffet this morning be passable for the price     for   . hotel have nice exercise facility , but the pool be close for maintenance . it be so nice walk along robinson street , and easy to get to just about anywhere . very close to the zoo and botanical garden we can see the animal enclosure below we book a non smoking room , but arrive at   a .m . and be offer a smoking room . i check it super sensitive to vile cigarette and there be no trace of smoking . we be thrill to have early check in . i love this hotel

if walk from central , the hotel be situate near the top of the mid level escalator which be fun for the first couple of times but i find them a bit tiresome after a while . however , there be a number of bus which stop outside the hotel and taxis be very cheap

stay for two weeks . ca n't find any hotel cheaper than this for its proximity to central . love the free shuttle every morning that bring you right to central admiralty . weird that the hotel do n't post info on this service on its own website . i 'd expect a hostel like accomodation give the price , so be surprise to find full set of toiletry , coffee tea make facility in the suite . the harbour view suite be   sq ft , definitely much larger than the   hotel i 'd stay in over at kowloon . great pillow , sheet and towel quality

this hotel be in a fantastic position away from all the hussle and bussel yet only Â £   in a taxi to centre . all the staff be very helpful friendly and very welcome ! ! exellent at give direction nothing be too much trouble ! breakfast great start to the day  rooms be quite small but very clean well furnish and the view be amazing ! ! the rates be exellent i can not praise this hotel enough . i would give it   out of   for everything and would stay here again if i go to hong kong . bus right out side door  request a harbour view room and you will not be disappoint ! very near to all the tourist attraction ! ! ! overall exellent in everything ! !

we be advise to book a grand harbour view suite by a friend who have tell us of the tiny rooms

this hotel truely represent excellent value for money in a city where this be difficult to come by ! avoid stay at the horrendous 'chung king mansion ' and stay here , right in the centre of hong kong island where the majority of hong kong 's attraction be to be found . i would definitely recommend this place to friend

we party of five   three rooms stay three night at this hotel in september and love it . it do n't have big tour group stay and have a friendly personal touch . we opt for harbour view suite as they be n't much more than the standard rooms and the view be breathtaking , particularly at night . we love have a seperate sit room dining area from the bedroom . the location be great , bus stop outside the door to central if you do n't feel like walk down the steps . plenty of taxis pass the hotel and the the escalator back up from central be terrific   it do n't exist when i live in hong kong   years ago . this be the only place i want to stay in hong kong when i visit and i highly recommend it

stay here again last week   second time in two years   so that say something . rooms still small but at least i be prepare for it this time

my husband and i stay here during the first part of our trip to hk last year . the hotel itself be very clean , have a friendly english speak staff , and the location be great for get a taste of real hk instead of just be in a tourist zone

we stay at the bishop leu this week while in hong kong . the hotel have a great location , the rooms be very tiny . try to upgrade to a suite with a harbor view and it will be well worth it and its not so much more expensive . the upgrade suite be the size of a regular room in most standard hotel

i have be for   days in bishop lei . best location in hk central , between soho and midlevels just a few steps aside from the escalator exit mosque street and turn leave . small rooms compare to european standard . great view . can recommend hotel

i be pretty nervous before arrive at this hotel , i see such widely vary reviews . since it be very inexpensive for the area , i book a     deluxe harbor view suite    and request a corner room . wow ! ! ! ! ! yes it be rather small , but the floor to ceiling windows in the sit area and bedroom look out on the most incredibly beautiful perfect hong kong view . i get room   so amazing !

we love the bishop lei . it be a cool hotel with nice inclusive breakfast and good facilities . the extra touch like evening turn down and spotless room cleaning be excellent

the hotel be not very , very central but location be quite good , very close to the automatic stairs and   minutes to good restaurant

this be my second review of the bishop leu , stay here for a second time in april   for   week and still maintain this have get to be one of the best value hotel on the island

just a warning if you be an asthmatic or have other breathing difficulty   hong kong be smoggy at the best of time , so i always try to get a non smoking room , and make a write request , cite asthma . so imagine my surprise whn i turn up to bishop leu and be tell there be no non smoking rooms available ! ! yeah , not really surprised  

i stay about   week at bishop leu in sep oct   this hotel be very well located if you need to access the business district of central . come from a place where rooms be generally more spacious , i be initially shock at the smallness of the room . to give you an idea , the wardrobe for hang clothes can hang all of   hanger only . however , i find out that alomost all the property in that vicinity mid level be build very close to one another and the area be very densely populated . good price if you need to be around that location

the bishop leu be a fairly decent hotel , reasonable by hong kong standard , but overprice compare to other asian city even tokyo . it be in a good location near to the lively mid levels , the room be small but quite adequate and the shower be good . demerit   absurdly expensive internet access in the 'business centre ' but this be an across the board thing in china it seem   lack of compimentary bottled water despite the tap water not be drinkable   surprise     service charge on room rate

book a queen size bed with harbour view and stay here august   on the   floor . the view of hong kong be fantastic , and while the room be small the location and value for hong kong far make up for it

my partner and i stay here at the end of may . the hotel be up the mountain a bit , but be two block from central mid levels escalator , so it be pretty convenient . it 's not cheap , but seem like a good deal for hong kong    and for be so accessible central

let me preface this review by say that i be a resident of hong kong , and in fact own a flat on robinson road . during the renovation of our flat , we be frequent guest at the bishop leu as it about   block from our flat . let me also say that this be not normally the type of hotel i 'd consider   i am ridiculously picky

when we book we be arrange for a queen size bed with harbour view . the bed be double and there be no view of the harbour . have say this , it could have be the agent who be misleading us

we stay at the bishop leu for four nights . agree with the other reviewer that you definitely want a corner room  with bedroom and adjacent sit area . the view be awesome . there be nothing pretentious about the bishop leu and it be a bit out of the way , but if spending more than     per night be not your thing , it 's a very good choice . our major complaint be that the water be not potable and they do not provide you with free bottled water . other than this , we be content there and would return

location ca n't be beat , at the top of the escalators . i have a suite on the top floor , on the corner . as other review state , the bedroom be in a hexagonal shape room with windows all around , and the view be awesome . decent bed , teeny closet . bring your own toiletries . stall shower have a bit of mold , but good water pressure

