we get   rooms with   person in each room . the hotel be small , but have elevator . the rooms be small but look nice . however , if you have a huge luggage bag , you wo n't be able to open it inside the room . the bed be comfortable and the bathroom be clean . airconditioner and internet will not be a problem . you can eat breakfast every morning as part of the deal , but you might not like it so much    but again it 's acceptable food . bridal tea house yau ma tei have be locate in a great part of hong kong because it be just walk distance away from the train subway , so it 's very accessible if you want to go anywhere in hong kong

this would be my third time stay in bth , ymt   needless to say , everything be still as fine as before  

with regard to the room size , i concur with most of the review   the rooms be small . however , if we compare that against the location , the price be more than reasonable . the hong kong mtr station be less than   min walk away and plenty of good eatery around the hotel . most importantly , the room i have get be clean and the bed be comfortable enough to get a good sleep . as i spend most of my time outside shopping , eat , etc , i am prepare to overlook the small room

i read the review after we book the rooms for this hotel . i do n't believe the room be that small until i actually see it with my own two eyes . have just stay the night before at disney hollywood hotel , my   daughter cry when she see where we would be spending the rest of our   stay . at first i think of book ourselves another room at eaton hotel just a few block away on nathan road but we be inform that we could not refund our advance payment so i figure we would just stick it out at bthh . we be able to adjust okay the rest of our stay . anyway , we only use the room to take a bath and sleep and most the day be spend go to the familiar site of hong kong . the good thing about this place be that it be near the night market and near the yau ma tei train station which be very convenient . restaurant be also close by so you need not walk very far to grab a bite

decide to book this hotel after review many hotel around ymt area be too expensive during the mar school holiday . though we be mentally prepare to stay in the small room , we be still catch by unpleasant incidents . i book   deluxe rooms price at   thru hotel website   mths before our trip , and call them to ensure our rooms r secure n confirmation be also returned . the day me and friend reach , they claim our rooms be not reserve and give me a small twin room +   small double room as compensation as deluxe rm available onli the next night . this not the end , when my other grp of friend arrive   days later , they claim that one of the deluxe room be not release as the previous occupant have last min decide to extend their stay ! god but i tell them we already pay the full amt before the previous occupant extention and they shouldnt accept their extention   i start to doubt their words as   days ago when i collect the rm card , the room be not take again , they offer us one extra double room as compensation     the deluxe room be not   single bed but a   single bed plus a super thin mattress   request them to get extra blanket n pillow need extra charge . toilet door , mirror cabinet be spoil , aircon also get problem    overall , i think beside the location , their basic hotel service quality really screw up and messy . realli regret not spending extra   on better hotels . if you want a stress free hoilday   better think thrice    

loud ! tiny ! expensive

i and my friend be stay here for   nights . my boyfriend and i share a double room and my   other friend share a triple room . overall experience be fine just that i can â € ™ t deny that the double room be really small . bridal tea house be not really consider a hotel so do not expect the usual hotel services . it be more like a hostel kind of accommodation . everything be small in the double room , the bed be not even a queen size bed and the toilet be freak small . when you sit on the toilet bowl , you can basically touch the four wall and the basin . if you be a big size person , my advice be that you should book a triple room . anyway , it be not very expensive too . location be good and be convenient . mtr be just less than   minutes walk and temple street be just round the corner . there be   nearby and of course the restaurant and some shopping stuff too . i have upload some photo , i hope it help

you have to set your expectation right for this hostel . for me , be only a place to sleep in at night after go out during the day

my wife and i have just spend   night at this hotel . we really hate it , the room be not small , it be tiny ! the wc which be attach to the room be also very small and double as the bathroom , the shower be actually above the toilet so you have to do some sort of tribal dance to take a shower , oh and i should mention the fact that when you get out of the shower you be greet with any of the belongings you manage to place on the tiny floor space , float toward you ! the double bed be only slightly bigger than a single and be make out of bit of wood nail together with a thin mattress on top , comfortable it be not , and staff want an extra     for a second pillow ! the light in the room do not work and the staff be not helpful . from what i gather the hotel have   rooms per floor and be   floor high with only   lift yes it be a small lift   people max . we could hear people come and go at all hours too . to sum up , i would only reccomend this place to you if you be very small and have spend the best part of your life couped up in a small cell and you be look for somewhere to stay with a homely feel

just come back from hong kong a month ago and feel this hotel be really nice , clean and convenient hotel . very suitable for budget traveler as u wont stay long time in the room . actually be just sleep . most of the time , u will go out . not only convenient for yau ma tei mtr but for bus also

we travel in a group of family which consist of   elderly people ,   adult and   infant . we book   deluxe rooms which can fit in an extra bed ,   twin room and   double bed room

most of the twin rooms be about       sq . feet . it be fit with   small single bed , a small bathroom , and a small space on the side that act as a dresser  closet

have just spend   night at this hotel with my husband and daughter . we 're from australia and although it be very cheap , very close to transport and the temple street market , would never recommend this hotel or stay there again

it 's a really hard one this place because my terrible experience be probably influence by the area . first off i get lose try to find the place for   min in the rain . hard to say if it be the direction give or my own stupidity

i find it very difficult to call     bridal tea house    a hotel and a three star one at that . one may argue that you get what you pay for and , in this case , you get incredibly small rooms , tiny bed , in the case of my particular room a bathroom in which the toilet be only three quarters open it 's encase by two wall on each side and a sink directly in front so you be sit in the   o'clock to three o'clock position , water in the shower be too hot to use or too cold , a refrigerator that only work while you be in the room , and paper thin walls . on the plus side , it be near an mtr stop , they have friendly staff , and it 's clean

we stay in bridal tea house yau ma tei branch last march   with my son and a friend , the staff be very helpful they can speak in english and assure you that they will assist you in everything you need

during my   trip i see how easily one can travel on their on in hk . the mtr and bus get you around very easily . easier than in singapore .   would i decide to visit the   time to hk free and easy for   days with my mama . hmmm go with my mum mean everything double in expenses . therefore i need to choose a clean and very affordable for me to pay for   ! heh as i be search high and low , i find bridal tea house here in trip advisor review by a filipino . all thx to him or her   oops forgt the gender   i find a clean , affordable and smap right in the middle of the city accomodation ~ this be the perfect match of all my need ! it 's just less than   min walk to reach yau ma tei mtr and lots of bus in the main road . and it 's jus behind temple street . oh mine ! isnt it great

