we book the room the day before and get instant confirmation that one room be available and book for us . we arrive the hotel at   and get tell that one room be available and we could check in at   we leave out luggage there and back to the hotel at   the manager say there be no room for us and he could send us to another location of this chain . he also tell us to take the bus to go there with our luggage at peak hour in the rain

i have n't stay here yet but i am do some research on accommodation for my     friend for budget live two week in hk . i have be search all over the place for things within his budget during peak season october have lots of fair go on so hotel get pack and charge an arm , a leg and your neck cuz they can .

i spend four night here , and since i do n't have high expectation at the price , i be n't disappointed . the place be pretty clean , the room have all the necessity shower , toilet , basin , comfortable bed , mini fridge , kettle     cup etc , tv and air condition all squeeze into a rather small room

we stay at the bridal tea house at hang hom for   days btw nov to dec   the room be spacious and adequately equip with fridge and hairdryer . however we encounter a number of hassle during our stay . the sound proof of the rooms suck which mean you can basically hear everything that go on in the next room or out in the hallway . a few idiot smoke in the hallway and in hotel rooms apparently a common practice for the usual customer who stay in this hotel and have to threaten to call the fire department because of the close air circulation within the hotel rooms . the hotel have a policy to not change the cups glasses in the room due to health and safety concern for the cleaners . the rooms be reasonably clean although some sheet be stained . front desk and kitchen staff be not the friendliest although some be ok . great location , reasonable prices . maybe the place for you if you choose to stay out of your hotel room for the most part of your trip

stay here again last here in may and still highly recommend it . good restaurant on main floor , rooms be small but adequate . hotel rates be great   hkd , and the location be good . one block to tram , two block to airport express bus

we stay here for three night at the start of our trip to hk and china and be not disappointed . we be look cheap accommodation that be clean and in a fairly central location and this place do all of these things . the room be very small and fairly basic , but we be expect this so it be not a problem . the bed be comfy and while we could hear a fair amount of street noise , the windows do a reasonable job at keep this to a minimum and i do n't find that it disturb me too much . the hotel be a good   minute walk from a metro station , but very close to a tram stop and a stop for one of the airport bus routes . in summary , if you be look for simple , clean accommodation at a reasonable price then base on our experience this place be well worth consider

hi . there . i be paul from the philippines . i stay in bridal tea house hotel { the one beside ramada hotel } last march   to march   because i be in hongkong to take an exam   i can say that it be a good experience since the front desk and staff be acommodating and polite , which make it easy for me to talk to them despite some language barriers . i be even teach how to get to certain place and the staff be kind enough to show me to the nearest tram stop . i can say that my stay be quite comfortable and i do enjoy my stay

