i stay there for about   week with my sister . the location be perfect for us because it be just about   minutes walk from my mom 's apartment . we do n't stay at my mom 's place because apartment in hong kong be small and to accommodate   extra adult for a couple of week be a luxury

if you 're live on a budget , the bridal tea house be an awesome option   this aberdeen location be even better because it 's not quite where tourist would stay , therefore the price be much better than anything you would find north of the aberdeen tunnel . what make it so high on my list be that aberdeen have a lot of history use to be a fishing village , and there 's still a lot of fishing boat dock in the typhoon shelter and it 's very local . if your into the 'let 's get lose ' spirit and want to see what local hong kong be like , this be the perfect place . that be say , please expect most local not have very good english . there 's a wide variety of food choice to eat all over   local hk noodle place , shanghai cuisine , japanese , thai , vietnamese , kfc and mickey would 's , etc   also a huge bus stop that have bus go all over hk bus be my favorite mode of transport as you can see hk rather than be underground in the mtr and not see anything but people 's armpit and ad , and once you get to the other side of the aberdeen tunnel , you be basically golden . wanchai a huge night life semi red light but have good live band district be just on the other side of the tunnel , so take a taxi to and from be n't too costly when you 're do with wanchai , you wo n't really be in the mood for bus anyhow

the rooms be small as expect for this price in hk but clean . we have two double rooms  one on the   floor and one on the   noticeably less street noise . rooms in the back would probably be quieter . in a pinch , you could fit   people into one of our rooms   two on the larger bed and one on the smaller one . but you would all need to be very comfortable with each other as there be n't much room for turn around , stow bag , etc

i have a bad experience over there . just feel myself be cheated . i have book a room for   for through internet , and even from the preference coloumn i have mention i wan na   bed in a room . guess what ? whenever we reach there which be about   , they bring us in a room , which a standard size single bed , and claim that it be double bed , and that be a room for   ! i suspect they have rent out the actual double room to the walk in customer

