i really enjoy my stay at the butterfly on morrison . very friendly and helpful staff . the room size be fine with a big wardrobe , however the bathroom be very small . bathroom very clean and housekeep daily

i spend about   night a year in hotel and i have the highest membership category in hyatt , starwoods and shangri la

we spend   night at the butterfly and can recommend it  

we stay   night in butterfly on morrison .   adult and   child stay in the deluxe room

one of the things that i look for when i be book a hotel be their promptness in respond when you send them emails . i send them an email la few week ago and i have to follow up twice to get a short response . when i send them follow up question i never hear back from them . customer service be not only in person but in every way you communicate and interact with your clients . this hotel fall short

we have stay there for two night   rooms with our girl age   and   dec   the staff speak excellent english and be very helpful in give us advice about everything . the rooms be nicely decorate and we be stay at   floor . the hill view be excellent and you could see some firework in the room because of the opening ceremony of the east asia game . easy to get good food and excellent shopping . great value for money  

  location   amidst shopping and food area causeway bay , near huge mall   times square , well linked to other parts of hk by tram and bus , near the entrance to a subway station causeway bay   deceptive though . . . the train be a very long underground walk away

i check out this hotel and the others which be also from the butterfly chain on tripadvisor and decide on this on after a few days of research . since my partner have business to do on hong kong island we pick this one instead of the one on prat

stay at butterfly on morrison for   night in a deluxe room during a recent trip there . my group be stay at south pacific but i want to try out this new hotel which be have a promo with asiarooms . there be also free internet access in the room

we book the   deluxe room from asiatravel . we be on the non smoking room on   floor with view of the city . room be small but alright for a couple . bed be comfortable and clean and aircon cold enough and be adjustable . room and bathroom be clean . water pressure in shower be great . we have no problem with the see through glass in bathroom , we think its rather sexy . they have a blind that you can roll down to cover up . well , maybe they should have a few rooms with frost glass for those who would not like transparent glass . only thing we notice be difficulty in opening bathroom door and slide door of wardrobe as they do not have proper handles . other than that its a great place to stay and the room have all the necessity and location be excellent . no restaurant in hotel but it be alright as there be many eatery around

i take a supperior room for two night , and i it be great , great staff very friendly and smily , great location and great room brand new and fancy , take a supp room to have a bit space in the room , normal be a bit small for me

i stay here for three night after spending one at the sister hotel on prat in tst . i take a taxi from butterfly on prat with my suitcase . the front staff be incredibly kind and offer to hold my suitcase until my room be ready . the staff be continually great for my entire stay , always greet me with a smile , give assistance with direction and one even remember my name

very small rooms we be in standard one . it be bearly enough space for one person . two people will not even be able to find space to stand together in the room   one should sit on the bed   .   or   sq m be what you get besides the bed  

very nice place just open when i stay there . modern furbishings . close to the underground station . few minutes walk to the race course . very comfortable rooms and friendlly stuff . have a bit of a problem with the internet conection , but apart from that i have a great stay at the butterfly

my friend and i go to hong kong to celebrate my birthday in asia 's mega city . a few days before our trip , we be able to reserve our rooms through asiatravel com avail butterfly on morrison 's   pay night +   free night promo for the deluxe suite

we decide to book a three night stay in this hotel because it be spank new and asiatravel com be do a three night for the price of two promotion . we book a deluxe room , which , as we have gather from the hotel website photo and from previous review , should be big enough for a couch . yes , the room we have , on the   floor , have the facility advertised . however , it be far too small to be a deluxe room , as there be virtually no room for a couch . we be skeptical about its category also because of the lack of a glass partition between the bathroom and the room proper , not to mention the floor level it be located . this be such a shame as the hotel be full of potential , thanks to its design and location . we must say the experience be tarnish by the room size . hopefully , it be just a mistake make by the hotel and we will be give the right category of room in our second stay upon return from macau

stay in this boutique hotel on the buy two night receive one night free deal on asiatravel . we receive a superior room that come with free internet access in the room . the room itself look pretty much exactly like the photo   comfy bed , small couch , desk , chair , flat screen tv . everything have a clean and modern feel . the superior room we be in have floor to ceiling windows on two wall   lovely ! a lot have be say about the glass bathroom wall in this hotel and the butterfly on prat hotel . indeed , there be glass bathroom wall as well as shower door and for the room we be in   , the room be situate so there be no way to hide behind a door or anything . hopefully the hotel can put up some frost on the glass . the staff be excellent and speak english well . laundry services at the hotel be really expensive , but there be a laundromat about one block away

stay here at the end of september and like other traveller , i take a gamble as there be no reveiws online because hotel have just opened . the rooms be modern and very comfortable , front desk staff be very helpful , and the location be a   walk to causeway bay mtr . my only concern for traveller be the transperant glass divider between the bathroom toilet and main room , if you be travel with friend this might be an issue   there be no privacy ! the hotel might like to consider frost the glass for some privacy in the toilet bathroom . i would definately stay here again and recommend to my friend

book the hotel at last minute , from asiatravel com for our family trip to macau and hong kong . rather pessimistic at first since there be no review at all about this hotel due to its recency , however look at their sister hotel , the butterfly on prat 's review , which be generally very good , we decide to take the risk . the price itself be very affordable consider hong kong 's pricey hotel , and for a   star hotel , the price be indeed not bad at all

hi everyone like to share my review for butterfly on morrison hk .   my husband and i book this hotel   we be very satisfy with our stay  very accommodate and nice staff   we request for late check out since our airport shuttle will pick us up at     they let us extend for an hour    the hotel room key use sensor to open it   ours be a twin room   the bathroom door be frost glass and the room have a nice view of the queen east road . the hotel be almost next door to south pacific hotel   quite a small entrance for their lobby the actual reception be on the   floor  but these will be offset by the ambience you get from your hotel room since for each floor there be only   rooms  floor  there be a big ref in our room compare to other hotel their ref be bigger   they supply each room with   bottled water day !   the ref be bare so you can buy other drink and food  fruits you like to put inside the ref  all in all we be very please we have choose this hotel but i might say we be a liitle woorried at first since we ca n't figure it 's exact location   the staff be very helpful and i have a nice talk with

decide on a last minute trip to hk so book this only the day before . read the review regard butterfly on prat and seem like a good chain . this be their second location over on hk island and be recently open with a soft launch of   room but more rooms still to come no construction evidence that we saw heard . book through asiatravel that have buy   night get   for free make it a very cost effective option

