hotel be situate just   min walk of the mtr station , nearby there be lots of local restaurant and you just walk a little bit away to see those shopping malls . there be a karaoke and pub next to it so at night there be a bit noise , but overall the experience be good . staff be friendly and room be good for   people , they only have double bed . their baby cot be new too . a little downside be the toilet , which seem that the staff do n't clean it properly , but the shower space be ok . will stay there again for more crazy shopping if i have chance

a very nice hotel on the best location possible . kowloon be from a tourist point of view much nicer to stay then hk island . rooms be clean and new . because the serve no breakfast , the room have a cooker and a microwave . but just go around the corner to have breakfast in one of the bars   restaurants . recommend !

i stay at the butterfly for   , and be really please with it . well locate in a lively area , nice room just as show on the website , comfortable bed , good shower , helpful staff , free internet access in the lobby . the breakfast be n't very exciting , but otherwise no complaint

excellent hotle stay   brand new rooms and very good ambience   good for honeymooner , as well as newly weds  great interiors  keep it up ! ! !

i do find butterfly on prat be value for money as the room be big in hong kong standard . the room be clean maybe because it 's new . the hotel lobby may be small but trendy . location wise , i wo n't say it 's far from mtr stations but still a walk distance . if you be travel with elderly , you may find this hotel be noisy during night time as there be a few pub along the street . there 's a   hours restaurant few door away , which be convenient and neway karaoke be just next door . i 'll definitely recommend this hotel to all my friends  

i book this hotel and stay for one night with my beloved one as it be our anniversary

butterfly on prat be locate in a dense populate area tst , it have a great transport link from to airport by bus or mtr

this hotel be a great choice for traveller look for comforts . the bed and hotel be very clean , no funny smell at all , with everything brand new and a luxury showerhead raindance shower ! . amenities like showergel and shampoo decent smell , hairdryers , in room safe and kettle be available , but unfortunately no bedroom slipper which be a big no no in my book

the location be ok . but what be frustrate about my stay in this hotel last month november   be the way they handle our complaint about the foul smell human odor in one of their rooms , probably from a previous guest

i book bop upon see the numerous rave and the affordable price . i guess i go there with too high expectation and end up be a tad disappoint with the service provide

just stay at bop for   nights . overall experience be good . the staff be very friendly and service oriented . we never need to open the lobby door ourselves whether go out or come back . the location of the hotel at prat ave be fantastic . its near to all good food and shopping places . i love stay in tst . the only drawback be that the room be abit too cold even though we tune the temp to the highest . oh about the transparent bathroom , it be pretty interesting but well it do not come as a suprise to us since we already know about it from the previous reviews . but nonetheless it be a good stay

i stay at the butterfly for   night , and be really please with it . well locate in a lively area , nice room just as show on the website , comfortable bed , good shower , helpful staff , free internet access in the lobby . the breakfast be n't very exciting , but otherwise no complaint

this be my first time in this hotel . a small but colourful lobby with smile face on all their staffs . the room be spacious and clean , a comfortable bed which like sleeping in a deluxe or   * hotel . they get a spacious washroom , i need to highlight the strong water pressure which be one of my concern when stay in a hotel . although it only have cityview , its location be extremely convenience for me to access different part of hk . shopping mall , dine place , bars , subway     pier all be within walk distance . the most important thing be valued for money . i pay a   to   * hotel 's rate but enjoy a   * service which i never have this feeling from the same type of hotel i stay before

we arrive at the hotel past midnight , and i be happy to find that our check in information be there and be correct we make our book through a third party website

if you want a budget price hotel with high standard of cleanliness and good service , this be it . our room on   floor have twice weekly linen change and always be well cleaned . daily bottled water and free use of computer in the foyer be nice touch

stay at pray for   nights no complaint and it be the real deal bathroom windows be a bit different , look into bedroom but room be of adequate size and clean . thoroughly recommended . good locaton and close to bus to airport , good restaurant and bars nearby

i stay here for one night as the sister hotel on morrison be booked . i take the airport express to kowloon station and the free shuttle bus from there to a hotel around the corner   very quick and convenient . upon check in i be upgrade from a superior room to a deluxe room without ask

unfortunatelly could not experience full range of hospitality of the hotel . on arrival it appeard that though our book record be confirm there be no availble rooms for that day . staff ask us to go the sister hotel     on morrison    not even offering any transportation   we actually arrive at midnight and then     to come back tomorrow    , otherwise cancellation fee will be charge for     no show    .   min of argue   we have to grad taxi and go to that sister hotel . only thing we manage be to agree that they will not charge     cancellation fee      no word be that this mess be cause by their side

the good

mr . ng and his staff   the butterfly be so gracious and more than helpful during our visit to hong kong . a great hotel for short term stay the rooms be a bit smaller than north american average which might concern some visitors . i be disabled and all my need be positively addressed   stayed in room   which be great and on the back of the hotel no street noise  while we be on a side trip to phuket they gladly store luggage for us unfortunately the breakfast that could be include be a disappointment . my wife     i be look forward to another adventure to s e asia and another wonderful experience   the butterfly ! ! ! thank you all again for everything ! ! ! !

we stop in hong kong on our way to new zealand and after have spend hours on internet to get the best hotel deal in hong kong we finally decide to go for the butterfly base on the good review read on trip advisor . we arrive earlier than the check in time and be able to have a room right away even if i be not really expect one    it be before noon ! . the room have a good decent size for a city hotel with a king bed . the bathroom be nice , clean and have everything you could have need even   set of toothbrush + tooth paste . also regard the lack of privacy due to the glass door , the door be not transparent ! it be make of translucent glass so you have your privacy

first off   if you ever stay in a hotel in manhattan in the price range of usd     to     , you would not be complain about butterfly  same with singapore  and many other city in europe , such as madrid .

we stay here for five night and it be our refuge from the busy street of kowloon . despite be in a shopping , restaurant and pub area our room be cozy and quiet . we have a room on the back side and have no street noise . we find the staff to be very attentive and pleasant , always quick to open the door and greet our arrival and departure

if there be one hotel i will never go back to it be butterfly on prat . i have initially on reading review on this site book the hotel for three night   later on a friend 's recommendation and also from hotel review i book     the mira    on tst   and thank heavens for that . we still book this hotel for one night between our trip to macau and our stay at disney

i arrive an hour earlier and although check in be relatively easy for me , it be not so for another guest who seem to have arrive much earlier but be still struggle to get his room . the staff at the lobby be sometimes friendly , sometimes not . i overheard some negative comment make about the other guest by the staff in cantonese at the lobby   this be totally not professional

mavellous location to all of the shopping in the area and easy access to mtr to travel around and also within minutes to the star ferry to get over hong kong island like macau . great price for great location . jus rite outside of hotel be the few teahouse include a   teahouse with nice foods   just right beside hotel . room be clean and nice , big enough to lie your luggage on the floor for packing . towel change everyday with nicely clean up in the room and have microwave in the room for last min hunger with instant warming up of food from   eleven store guess they have do something to the clear windows from bathroom after some neg review previously which currently allow some privacy if you be travel with friends . the hotel lobby be equip with computer for your use that be at no cost , very friendly staffs . everyone be so friendly , even the cleaner who clean the room . they greet us with smile which make your day

i stay in a   floor room at butterfly on prat for   night late october   this boutique style hotel be locate on prat avenue which be a fairly busy street in kowloon with numerous shop , restaurant and pub nearby . the room be a good size for one or two people and be very well appoint and clean . the room have a plasma tv with satellite channels , bar fridge and safe . the bed and pillow be ultra comfortable which be important to me when i travel . the bathroom be fresh , large and beautifully decorated . the view out the window wasn â € ™ t great but not an issue for me . the hotel itself be quiet during the night however there be a bit of noise from the street even up on the   floor during the night however as a light sleeper i use earplug which work well . the star ferry be only a   minute walk from the hotel and the fantastic shop of nathan road only a   or   minute walk . the staff at the hotel be very friendly and helpful . if you like japanese food there be a nice restaurant outside the front of the hotel serve good quality japanese food . i would definitely stay at butterfly on prat again and would recommend it to couple of all age and solo people travel for pleasure or business

this be a nice budget boutique hotel in a hip kowloon location with lots of restaurant and club close by . rooms be clean but very simple and not great amenities   no electrical outlet in the bathroom so no hair drier ! the shower and bathroom sink provide no privacy since they have windows directly into the bedroom area . ok for a single traveler but no privacy for multiple guests . the bed and pillow be definitely not the quality level i be use to in other hk hotel , such as marco polo and royal garden and langham all naturally more expensive . if the price be similar i would select the panorama hotel around the corner . i be on the   floor and hear alot of street noise , but not too loud , and no noise could be hear from the next rooms

rooms be very well appoint , comfortable and amazingly quiet . shower be particularly nice with plenty of hot water and large shower heads . flat screen tv with dvd player

we stay for   night here and have to say first that the rooms be gorgeous . large , spacious , free fruit in the morning etc . very nice

my partner and i travel to hong kong in mid oct and we be very please with the hotel room , service and location

i book   rooms from sept       my   year old niece travel with us . everything about this hotel be excellent except for the transparent bathroom door

it be this site and its review that give me the confidence to spend     australian dollar to book a room at the butterfly on prat in hk . now   i be the sort of traveler that normally always travel for business   where the company put you up at one of the     supposedly swank hotel chains    that quite frankly   always seem to disappoint and fail to deliver . let me tell you friend , it 's time to think again

be on a business trip where my husband tag along . excellent boutique hotel , modern furnishing , clean and great location close to mtr . hotel service be fantastic   helpful , friendly and efficient . lobby smell great . indeed , great value ! ! thanks to trip advisor for help me find this place

i stay at butterfly at prat for   nights . the location of the hotel be not in a glitzy part of town but rather a bustle shopping area , bars and some clubs . several subway entrance be only a couple of minutes walk . despite the area be busy and noisy , its very quite inside the hotel . the room be clean , small but classy and adequate . the bathroom be very spacious , the sink be however very low and quite small   a minor problem . the staff be very polite and responsive throughout the stay . you can not get the same quality accomodations for this this kind of money

i decide to book this hotel through internet after reading the review . and when i get there , i be a bit surprise because the front lobby be quite small  as a matter of fact they have no lobby . just the reception desk and a couple of chairs . but when i enter the room , i wa satisfy to see the cleanliness of the room . it be a quite new hotel , so the spring bed be brand new and comfy   all in all this hotel really meet my budget and the location be perfect  if i ever visit hk again , i will stay here again  no doubt .

i find this hotel while i be browse through the tripadvisor . at that point of time , there be not many reviews   but still decide to go ahead with it

very good value hotel right in the middle of tssi tsha tsui

we book a last minute trip to hong kong for the beginning of september   as we get great flight price with emirates . normally our hotel choice be very well research and book month in advance , but on this occasion we have to make a very quick decision . we choose bop on the strength of the review here and the tsim sha tsui location , and we be not disappoint

after search various website for review and price , i settle on butterfly on prat . a great decision . this place be about     us above the price of a hostel room for   people , but be a wonderful place to stay

butterfly be introduce by my colleague . service , room deluxe room , bed , cleanliness and location , everything be excellent .       minutes walk to tsim sa tsui mtr station . the mtr be very convenient as you can change to the other line . nothing special around the hotel , but next few shop from the hotel be a restaurant which be very famous of their curry noodle and very delicious chicken wing . grab some chicken wing for supper , the restaurant close at   i have introduce to few of my friend whom be planning their trip too hong kong . keep up the good service and cleanliness butterfly

after reading and ask question here in tripadvisor and hk forum   we cancel our room we already reserve in wanchai area and book butterfly with asiatravel com

if you be a international luxurious chain lover , please leave this page and hunt for other hotel

we find the butterfly on prat on tripadvisor and , base on other review , book it , as we get a very good rate on ebookers

butterfly on prat be a tiny but well design hotel in central hongkong . we enjoy the thorough makeover they have give the building and all the service be excellent

even as i write this i can imagine that someone could have an amazing experience at this hotel . i have plan on do so myself , but it just do n't happen . this be not to say that nothing about the experience be good , but that in the end i just can not recommend the place base upon our stay

we come to know about this hotel through recommendation from my sister . without fail , butterfly have impress us deeply with their excellent service from its staff they be always humble and polite , always see them with a smile on their face and speak good english too . even the chambermaid greet us wherever we see them in the hotel . and their room its modernly decorate , nice ambience , room and bathroom be very clean , overall we feel very comfortable . on top of the above , we can further comment that they have make good effort in every aspect eg . nice scent aroma everytime you step into the hotel , they try to upgrade us from a superior to deluxe room once they know we be there for honeymoon , render fast service when a request be make like request for slipper   surprisingly deliver in less than   minutes and our last minute request in make up our room during late afternoon hours etc . all in all , make a memorable stay for every customer . i would say that this be the best hotel we have ever stay in and we strongly recommend butterfly on prat to our family and friend

after look at many different hotel , i pick the butterfly on prat and i am glad i did . book through asiatravel com on a stay   night , get   night free package . total come to     hkd for the   nights . if you take the airport express train to kowloon station , follow the sign for the free shuttle bus and board bus   this will drop you off at the park hotel   block further up chatham rd from prat avenue , an easy   minute walk . check in be very quick . instead of a magnetic keycard you see everywhere else , you get an actual key . a very nice touch in the otherwise tiny lobby be   laptop for general use . decent size room with a very comfortable double bed , lcd tv about     wide and very fast free internet access . great staff always willing to help . nice bathroom with a huge shower , nice amenities . the only downside to the hotel be the restaurant , give it a miss , at least for breakfast

the location be great !    the rooms be small , but very clean   i be just disappoint with their buffet breakfast   very few choices  and   time they serve us set breakfast only instead of buffet   the owner of the restaurant be not friendly and accomodating   i suggest you eat outside the hotel  delifrance be just across the street   but overall , i love to stay there again  

stay only   night , wish we could have stay longer

the location of the property be great with the food     shopping at its doorstep . room be fine for the max of two medium built people . room with bare essential be fine   only problem s be the handwash basin     see through panel from the bedroom . otherwise , a great place !

my friend and i plan on vacation in hk for our birthday so i search asiatravel com for a hotel to stay at which be comfortable and accessible to shopping and train stations because we choose not to travel on a tour package . butterfly on prat have a promo that if you stay for three night , the   night be free . after read the review on tripadvisor com about this hotel , i reserve a room for the   promo

book butterfly on prat through asiatravel and get a good deal at   per night . everything about this hotel be great except for the see through bathroom . i would have be more comfortable if the bathroom do not have translucent glass panel . have to request hotel staff to bring up the bedroom slipper as it be not readily available in our room . overall this be a very nice hotel to stay in and the room be quite spacious . location be excellent which be about   min walk to tst mtr

i enjoy my stay very much , as     of the staff at the reception , and the bell boy be very friendly and helpful . i be pleasantly suprised at the standard of their service level , for a new hotel . see them handling a few difficult and unreasonable customer , and they do well

stay here for   night and sincerely regret that it be not for longer .  

after live in hk for a couple of years its now interesting to go back as i find myself more on the kowloon side than the island . my wife have stay here on numerous occassions for work so decide to give it a go for my recent   day trip . the location be good for those who want to explore tst as it be right near granville and nathan rd 's . it be surround by restaurant and clubs . the rooms be very clean and modern and along the line of most modern boutique budget hotels . they also have fridge and microwave and the amenities be refresh everyday . shower have great pressure and constant hot water . there be a small gym and internet provide in the tiny lobby . it be a great choice for those look for new clean hotel but not need all the amenities of a large   star

this hotel be in a great location . great restaurant , shopping , near the subway station , very clean , nice rooms    could n't say enough . we be only there for   night but when i go back will definitely stay for longer

i really enjoy my stay here   i stay in the deluxe queen . i request a nonsmoking room in a higher floor , i think i be on floor  

i live in china and go to hk regularly to update my visa , so i have stay at butterfly on prat twice now and will definitely be do so again

we stay at this hotel for a couple of night to celebrate my wife 's birthday . patricia and her team make the stay incredibly memorable ! the quality and customer service and the friendliness that each and every staff member display be refresh and completely unexpected

much have be write about the 'new ' kid on the block butterfly on prat , and i think it live up to its god reputation . i stayede in in a queen deluxe on a buy   night get   night free deal , and it 's great . i have travel to hk quite a few times , so be quite familiar with more budget accomodation   i can strongly recommend butterfly to those who want a bit of space and comfort at an affordable price

we have stay in butterfly hotel for   night the next time we 'll visit hong kong we 'll definitely stay in this hotel again

the hotel lobby be vibrant and it make you feel happy the moment you step foot in there . colourful lobby   the staff be very helpful     nice

locate in a small side street that weould not feature in house and garden , this hotel come as a plesant suprise . a true botique hotel of   floor , only double rooms and the smallest lobby i have encountered . the rooms be quite small but be well design and equip , have fridge , microwave , lcd tv dvd player and the softest pillow that i have have in china   quite a luxury . the bathroom be modern with a good pressure of hot water in the shower . stay on the   floor there be no street noise . i request a non smoking room on a non smoking floor and be very happy that there be no smell of cigarette smoke in either the passageway or room . only   to the mtr and   to a   store in the same streert . room cleaning be excellent , the daily complimentary water a positive and there be always someone on duty that not only speak , but understand english . at aud     per night i believe it to be great value have stay in many other hotel in kowloon in the past , at much higher rates that offer poorer facilities . i will most deffinately stay at the butterfly on my next visit to

we stay here for   night and book the room through asiatravel . the location be pretty good although the taxi driver be still not familiar with it because it do not have an equivalent chinese name . as one reviewer advise , mention guangdong hotel , butterfly be just directly opposite . as we arrive late at night , we take a taxi from the airport which costs us  

tuck away just off nathan road , a great location . reception be a bit small , but rooms be lovely and spacious by hong kong standards . trendy colours and light make it a bit different

it be our   time in hongkong and it really be a memorable one . be sure when you go out of the hotel you have with you its map coz taxi driver be not familiar with the place and they hardly speak english . we have a very good time stay in this hotel . it be very clean , the lift be colorful , the room be cozy with a flat tv , ref and more importantly it have a microwave . we have with us some packed food so we just heat it in the microwave and that save us a lot of money . their toilet , that 's what they call it in hongkong , be with a transparent glass recommend for honeymooner . in case you want to leave some valuable item in the room there be an available vault inside

spend three night at the butterflly and cca n't recommend it highly enough . wonderful , creative rooms and excellent location for shopping . have exceptional customer service and the rates be incredible for hong kong . i will recommend to all my friend and stay there again

we stay at the hotel for   nights . the staff be excellent , very helpful at all times , speak good english and always provide service with a smile

stay at the property   night with two rooms . the rooms be very nice , clean with a great bathroom and plenty of storage space . the front desk staff be very helpful , friendly and professional . the housekeep staff be good but not always replace amenities . we use the computer in the lobby so not access wifi in rooms . the location be great but loud at night all night with the club just below . ask for a room in the back if that be a problem . since it be so near the hotel guang dong  it be easy to get a taxi . it be also a few block from the metro and also close to the ferries . there be plenty of place to eat within walk distance . we have breakfast everyday at the corner cafe tst

we reach this hotel via airport shuttle bus transfer   service , drop opposite park hotel . the butterfly on prat hotel be just a street away from park hotel

since the hotel be new , the rooms be very clean and nice . the shower be pleasant to use because the pressure and the hot water be easy to use . we have our rooms make up every day by hang the sign on the door and the housekeep service be very good . complimentary supply , like drinking water , shampoo , lotion etc . be replenish everyday . staff be courteous and prompt . there 's fast and free internet use in the lobby where two laptop be placed . you can only use it standing up though since no chair be provided . location be very good . lots of nearby restaurant and shops . very near mtr exit ,   mins . walk only . the closest one be exit   the big mall nearby be quite far to walk to though

compare to the     hkd  night we pay at the marco polo hong kong hotel , the butterfly be an absolute steal . we also take advantage of the pay   night stay for   promo asiatravel com . my wife and i actually preferred the rooms here deluxe , the super comfortable bed and the location over the marco polo and would gladly stay here even at full price . i will definitely stay here next time for any leisure trips . the only people i would not recommend butterfly be for business traveler on big expense account as there be no overprice restaurant and services to pad your expense at butterfly ! as others have note the standard rooms be actually locate on the quieter side of the building than the deluxe rooms . we also be awaken at times from the street noise but be not a big issue for us

stay at butterfly on prat for   and book   deluxe rooms . while i do not get to see the slightly lower priced superior rooms , i suspect that the only difference between the two would be the view from one 's window    which really do not matter all that much since the hotel have no harbour view rooms . i think the superior rooms be in fact slightly better even if they face the back of old apartment building as they be more quiet than the deluxe rooms which face prat avenue . the pub and restaurant line prat avenue can get really busy until after midnight and we be awaken by a combination of noisy pub crawler and honk taxi cab at around   a .m . i am not sure if it would make any difference if one be book at a higher floor because the noise along prat avenue can get really bad at times . i will book a superior room next time to ensure a more peaceful sleep . other than this noise issue which be really not the hotel 's fault , there be nothing to criticize about the hotel . at roughly   nett a night , this be currently the best deal in a city know for stratospheric hotel rates and sometimes spotty service . butterfly on prat do not have a grand lobby with huge flower arrangement and gloved , snooty butler at your beck and call but it offer nice rooms and friendly smile from its genuinley amiable staff . last thing   the bed , duvet and pillow be very nice

i be in hongkong for   the hotel location be   min walk to tst mtr   exit and the airport shuttle bus stop directly opposite the small lane of butterfly on prat hotel

well most things be tell already   the location in tsim sha tsui close to nathan road , mtr stations and star ferry be just   the hotel have a big advantage   it 's new , mean bed , furniture , bathroom details be modern and show no wear ! we appreciate a lot the empty refridgerator   mean you really can store up drink , breakfast stuff and so on , the microwave might be helpful too , we do not use it so   after all there be lots of restaurant nearby . flat tv be instal on wall , dvd player also available

currently,enjoying my stay at butterfly . a nice , small , and neat hotel in the middle of kowloon busiest district . so far no complaint . it 's really worth to stay . the room small , but not a bird cage type as other hotel

i stay at this hotel from   march for   nights . the hotel be situate in prat avenue opposite the guandong hotel . taxi driver may not be familiar with this hotel so you may need to use the guandong as a nearby landmark . the hotel be also serve by the   airport express minibus from kowloon station and the   bus stop be close by on chatham road south . it be a boutique style hotel feature a     lcd television , generously size double bed , microwave , switchable air condition , small fridge , electronic safe , kettle , dvd player . the hotel provide broadband connectivity although this be chargeable   there be no wi fi provided . however , the hotel provide resident with the free use of two laptop in the lobby area . the bathroom be reasonably size with a roomy shower cubicle . the only drawback for some maybe the lack of privacy for the bathroom due to use of clear panel thoughout

newly open boutique hotel offer minimalist design comforts . if take the airport express train , exit kowloon station and take free complimentary bus ,   to hotel . upon arrival , my room be upgrade by reception at no extra cost , stay in room   and   , both superior size accomodation ,     lcd tv , mircowave , fridge , comfy queen size bed , electronic safe , ample bathroom amenities , shaver , toothbrush etc , complimentary bottled water replenish daily . no breakfast be provide but not really a problem as there be many eat place outside , eg delifrance just a minute walk across the road . there be two laptop offering free interent access in main lobby . there be also a number of trendy bars along the street . excellent location for shopping , ocean terminal be approximately   minutes walk . mtr tsim tsai tsui   minutes so all in all a hotel in a very convenient location . han , the chambermaid advise sheet be change daily at this hotel , whereas the langham place in mongkok be believe to change sheet every other day . the only slight drawback be it can still be a little noisy even on the high floor and there be not much of a view from the hotel windows . fitness room locate on the   floor . asiatravel com currently have best rates at   hkd per night although its appear the room rates be start to rise

everything about this cozy boutique hotel be something to rave about except for the bathroom , which be quite     interesting    . the translucent glass panel of the bathroom may be an attraction for newly weds or couple in a romantic get away , but definitely not for firends travel together who value their privacy in the bathroom . we ask the front desk manager if there be rooms with twin bed , but the hotel only have queen size beds . you could ask for an extra bed but they charge extra for that

easy to get to

we book thru asiatravel com   hkd   per night for the superior queen . we choose this hotel as it be newly open in       the special rate consider its location in tsimshatshui . free airport express shuttle bus   from kowloon station , the bus drop us at guangdong hotel , just directly opposite butterfly , check in     . its be new , so everything be clean     perfect . great tv channels , comfortable bed but soft pillow . please note there be a see thru glass panel   the basin , a semi transparent panel  + bathroom door , there be no absolute privacy when use the bathrm . if return to hotel late night , do n't forget your own microwave     fridge     gt   there be circle k +   along the road , grab a freeze pack dim sum     head back to hotel room for supper   overall satisfy     i wan na compliment the service orient bell boy i think he 's from china whom be extremely friendly     helpful

