as many reviewer have say , yes rooms be small , bed be comfy though . in particular the bathroom be tiny . we have to shower pretty much right on the toilet . but for a bargain price of under     aud per person include free wifi , we could not complain . check in be efficient and staff be helpful , and we be able to store our luggage on the day we check out for a few hours too

hotel staff be very helpful and friendly when we arrive a few hours ahead of the check in time but as the room be ready we be show the way

what i can say about this hotel that have n't already be say in other review ? the anser be not a lot . all i can offer you be my experience and that be that despite a few fault , it 's a good place to stay . it may not be the best value though i do n't think it be that bad , be the biggest but this be hk , so who 's expect a palatial room for a single ? and it be incredibly easy to hear other people in their rooms

i choose to stay at this hotel cos of price and location , i not know what i be go to expect . this be a commercial building and turn into hotel , its about   yr old . the lobby be locate on level   , and the staff be ok could be more friendly . when we check in , staff tell us if we could upgrade to deluxe room if we find the standard room too small   i eventually do , cos when i open my room door the twin bed be in front of me , no where else to walk and no where to put suitcase . the toilet be even more ridiculously small ,   square , there be no tub , so you shower between the toilet and the basin . so the deluxe room be a better option , with more shower space and more roomy . the hotel only have two lift , so during the day it take a while before the lift come   and each lift capacity be only   and   people . one of my biggest concern during this stay be the noise outside , as its locate on nathan road , the bus and traffic be non stop day and night , even on the top floor , level   , i could still hear the traffic and i have a lot of trouble get to sleep

only one night be ok       bonus be we do have a window in room   which i assume be a standard twin . very small room   if you be over     you wo n't fit in the bathroom which be   x   all up . in that space be a toilet , handbasin     a shower . go in without clothes , put a mat outside glass door     come out to dress . the shower be a detachable rise on wall between the toilet     basin   take it off and stand in very small space in front of basin   and try not to get everything too wet

there be nothing that really impress me at the casa hotel . rooms be not modern , bed reasonably comfortable , room light be poor , wall be thin so i hear more than one of my neighbour , location be convenient but not great . free wifi be good , so there 's a plus . strangest thing be the lack of a shower stall . the bathroom have a sealable door and the shower hose be attach to the wall next to the sink . i am not averse to such feature , but not at a   * hotel . i rate the casa a high   * relate to other   * hotel in hk where i have stayed . and i pay a   * rate , thus my low rating

casa hotel be locate in kowloon next to a subway station . it could not have be more convenient . the hotel be clean and the staff be friendly . by room be so small i could almost touch both wall when i lie on the bed . the toilet , shower and sink be all in one tiny closet like space . the only way to take a shower be to soap up then use the hand hold shower head . my knee bang the wall when i sit on the toilet . obviously the rooms be design for people smaller than me         when i arrive my bottom sheet be stain but to be fair when i complain they change it right away . i give this hotel a thumb down because of the room size   however if one be less than     this might be a good place to stay

i choose this hotel for   things internet access , accessible area and a mini fridge to keep water cool . i be ask to switch upon arrival to a standard room that do n't have a fridge   in addition to a double twin room that i do not care for as i be a solo traveller . if it be n't so close to everything i would have just walk away from my reservation and tell them to blow me . the unit be just like most in hk hotel , micro size with about a     bathroom that your knee hit every time . to be honest for the price i could have get something much better right on the island , im suppose to go to hong kong again and i do n't plan on stay here again . the wall be paper thin and you can here just about everything go on in your hallway and adjacent unit so if you sleep light this isnt for you . most of the time they do n't have the room you want available even though you have previously reserve it beware of bait and switch policies . needle to say my room do n't have a fridge so i be drinking room temp water when its almost   outside

rooms be very small like other hotel in hong kong , but clean . twin bed room be recommend because it be bigger than a double queen size bed room

