i spend   night in this hotel , at the first glance it look great , location , entrance , hall etc etc but very desapointed when enter the room , normal room , try to take a supp room to have some place , do not stay in the normal room with   person , impossible to move

hotel

ok , so the room be small , but it 's hk so that can be forgiven . and it 's not that close to the mtr station , but if you 're not in a hurry a   min walk be not so bad although you do have to pass the dry food street so you 'd better like the smell of dry chinese seafood . the style and the cleanliness of the hotel be all good

this hotel be situate on h k island ,in the older ,very interesting area call the mid levels it be   min walk away from sheung tube station

the central park hotel offer great value in an interesting location . staff be helpful and friendly   the room clean and pleasant , though on the small side for a westerner use to bigger spaces . the location be a plus   the hotel be situate at one end of hollywood road aka antique street with its myriad of antique shop , modern art gallery , cafe , bars and restaurants . it 's a pleasant walk to the main thoroughfare in central , and close ish to trendy lan kwai fong . on the other side of the hotel be a charming traditional chinese garden , complete with ornamental carp pond , little pavillions , old lady do exercise and old man play draughts   a nice place for an after dinner stroll . nearby too be colourful place like dry seafood street , with its desiccate sea slug and dry shark ' fin etc i know   i wince too . ask for a room overlook the garden , or spend a bit more and get a bigger executive room up high for view of skyscraper etc

until i find this hide jewel of a hotel , i think boutique hotel do not exist in hk . do n't get me wrong hk have some of the best hotel 's in the world , and the price reflect that . while central park be a true value for the money . friendly staff , recently renovate lobby and rooms as well as a great lounge . i be look forward to go back

we check in very late at night due to some delay in our flight . staff at the reception be friendly and bring us right to our room . at first glance , the room be neat and tidy . but we find that the bed be abnormally low   bathroom be unusually large too . the wall mount lcd tv be painfully small ! worst of all , there be no windows ! !

hotel be locate in the sheung wan area close to central . hotel be extremely clean ! rooms be small , but beautiful . staff be friendly as well . breakfast be excellent ! would definitely go back to the central park hotel hongkong

we stay at the hotel for two night and book an executive city room at hkd     per night tax include . we get a room on   floor and a stunning view to the skyscraper of hongkong â € “ not quite the calibre of ifc or bank of china , but building tall enough to impress us and give the genuine hk feel to our stay

certainly not luxury , but great basic hotel if you prefer to save your money for shopping , massage and eating drinking like we do

this hotel room size be small but the staff very nice and friendly . bellboy and housekeep very helpful and they will smile with you anytime . when check in i need use some time . the location also be my love . i think i will stay this hotel again

this be my first time to stay in this hotel . room be kind of small but fine for one person like me . the staff have make up the small room issue . reception staff always smile and friendly . bellboy very helpful and they can tell you a good place to eat or to go . love the location ,   to   minute to subway station or tram station cable car . it also a reasonable price hotel , i sure will stay in this hotel again

i have stay here twice   and yes , the rooms be tiny and the bathroom be in the room but it be a great location

this hotel have several things go for it   cental location , well appoint rooms and reasonable rates . however , it have one major disadvantage   the attitude of its staff ! !

i find everything about this hotel to be average if not below par . understanding that this be hong kong , the room be of average size , the amenities soap , shampoo , etc be average , the location be average about   min walk to the mtr , the desk staff sometimes be surly and other times helpful . while nothing be especially good about the hotel i be disappoint by the lack of water temperature control either scald hot or tepid and the lack of light in my room . while this be great for sleeping and the bed be fairly comfortable it make work difficult . not likely to stay here again even though it be somewhat inexpensive . their other property , lan kwai fok hotel , be better value even though more expensive

this place be good value for hong kong but in a way , you get what you pay for . i be lucky with my room which have alot of light but my friend have to change rooms   times . the rooms be fine for   person but small for   the integrated bathroom be fine , small but fine . good location for be in central . make sure you ask for non smoking room if you prefer , and you may get a better quality of room as i think they be on a different better floor

i be there for a business trip . the room be tindy but enough for a single travel . or someone who be not too picky for the size . great for younfg business trip . you can feel it be just refunsihed from very old building though   overall     it 's a clean , nice , small , design hotel

i stay here a couple of times last month and think the place be great . rooms be fairly small but well design , and both have a nice view . staff be friendly and helpful

we have just recently return from   night at the central park hotel   we have a great time even though the airport have be close for   hours just prior to our arrival due to torrential rain and flooding . the service be excellent all through the stay and the room be well present , clean with plenty of toiletry and a clean shower toilet . the location be ideal near the older part of the city near most of the antique shop and about   minutes walk from the main street   another   minutes to the harbour . it be n't an expensive holiday and we wo n't forget our   wed anniversary

i really do n't know what people be complain about this hotel for . fine , it 's not the ritz but    you 're not pay for the ritz . rooms be plenty big enough and serve the purpose . staff friendly and helpfull call our airport transfer company for us when they be late etc

i want a hotel in mid levels . there be n't too many . the central park hotel be in the same chain as the lang kwai fong and be a 'boutique ' hotel ie small lobby . the entrance be smart and overall atmosphere 'cool' . fine with me . check in effortless and business like . nice garden view room with floor to ceiling windows . bed nice and firm and plenty of space for me . phone down for some extra tea bag and paper and it come up fast enough . fall asleep without shut the door properly and concierge knock to check all be ok . do n't get around to use the breakfast room but maybe next time . the hotel be locate in sheung wan which be an interesting area in its own right and eat a couple of times in the neighborhood of western market . mtr and tram a short walk away . there be also a nearby hsbc . a   minute walk along hollywood road will get you to soho and the escalator . next to the hotel be the hollywood road garden which be the 'garden view'   a nice place to relax . would i stay here again ? yes for sure   good value for a room ~   hkd

i know , that hong kong have small hotel rooms , but our newly renovate garden view double room at central park hotel be the tiniest i have ever stay at . it be literary no space to put the luggage . if you need to use a lap top in the room , you will have to search for space on the deck really hard . deck at the same time be a counter for the sink . shower be good , but be careful adjust the water , for me it be either too cold , or too hot . i would not say , that there be no privacy in the bathroom , the glass wall be matte and you can not see through it . the bed be low , but comfortable , which be a great find for any asian hotels . nice touch be a fruit basket in the room . hotel , room and bathroom be spotlessly clean

apart from the convenient location of the hotel about   minutes walk to the nightlife , bars and restaurant of soho and lan kwai fong and its proximity to the mtr , bus stop and tram stop and be in a part of hong kong which have a very 'old hong kong ' feel about it with all the ginseng and chinese herb shop , there be nothing good about this hotel

the hotel be better than i think ! it be very difficult to find a hotel room in hong kong during the chinese new year ! after reading all the previous review , i have concerns . but this be the only hotel with room available and at a rate i could afford . so here i be

hotel be right at the end of all the antique shopping on hollywood rd . the room we have be very small but the staff be nice and most things be easy walk distance . not close so when i say walk i mean   to   min walk . i would pick this place again if the price be still right

go into this hotel this morning to book for my parent at christmas . i ask to look at a room . the staff be extremely rude  there be at least   member of staff stand around and none of them come to my assistance when i be stand at the desk for   there be one other person checking out at the same time and the receptionist ask if i be check out and i say no but i would like to look at a room . he basically ignore me and start to serve the person who just arrive at the desk behind me . another   min past and i ask if i should come back later and he barely give me a glance and say if you like . i will not be put my parent at this hotel â € “ terrible terrible service â € “ they will not be get my custom ! ! they should remember that first impression count . although i do not get to see a room , the hotel look new from the outside with a fairly small lobby where the reception desk is . the hotel be in a good location though about   walk from mtr

have look online for accommodation at a reasonable price , hong kong be pretty expensive , so i decide on the   star property which be central park . it be   a night , so we expect reasonable , comfortable but not luxurious accommodation . nothing really prepare us for this hotel

i 'll try and keep this short . i check into this hotel after a hospital visit for major eye surgery and stay for   week , i just need a place to recover . i contact them before checking in and they quote me a good rate . at checkout time i look at the bill and find they have not stick to the original agreement and have overcharge me by quite a large amount . despite repeat attempt at find a common ground they refuse to budge . avoid ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

pro   clean room , lcd

i stay at central park hotel for   nights . it 's small , but i have read the review about it , so i be n't really expect a big place . it 's clean , and ac be good and strong . i like how the color make the room look very cozy . the shower be kind of weird . when one be shower the other can see thru the transparents glass , so do n't stay at this hotel if two of you be not comfortable watch the other person shower or maybe if one shower the other have to leave the room anyway , i have a pleasent stay . i definitily will go back there . it 's a good price

i stay at the cp hotel from oct       this hotel be in a great location , right on hollywood road which be where the antique market and shop be and   block up from queens road central

stay at this hotel from   oct       oct   the room be small but clean . confirm the bed be hard as what others have be telling . never never agree to stay on level   room number   , ask for room at least at level   and above . rooms on level   really really [    ] , dirty , smelly and kind of different standard compare to rooms on the other levels . most of the rooms smell tobacco . the staff be not very friendly . the location be quite far from shopping centre and mall , but there be many eatery near the hotel

i stay at the central park hotel for   night in sept   i find the staff to be friendly and helpful , and the hotel to be nicely furnish and clean

we stay at this hotel in march ,   for   nights . let me first touch upon the negative   the bed be very hard , make it difficult to get proper sleep . the hot water do n't work consistently in the shower result in a few cold shower even after our comment to the staff . the room be small ,   sq feet , in fact the shower cube be in the sleeping area . many rooms at this hotel be under   sq . feet . some on line site list a restaurant at this hotel , there be none

stay at the central park hotel in nov past and be impress with the location the look of the hotel etc but the bed   rock hard do n't do if you like soft bed we contact the manager not luck , luckly my brother speak perfect chinese and be able to move our rooms to a better bed , you get the feeling they smile and say yes but do not really care much , apart from that nice look hotel , nice facility  good value for money product but do n't except the personal

i choose this hotel because it be an expedia special rate . the service be great , everyone be very nice and helpful . however , the rooms be not nice at all . the carpet be stain and dirty , the bed be as hard as a rock i actually look under the sheet to see if there be accidentally a wooden board underneath , the room have a stuffy stench , and the hot water in the shower which be rust and dirty last about   second both days . it be a great location , however i 'd only recommend it if you be go to be out and about all day , and will only sleep a few hours

i stay one night at this hotel and think it be fine . the location be at the end of hollywood rd , so it be about a   minute walk to soho and the antique shop , and about   minutes to lan kwai fong

for hk and the location , the hotel be a pretty good deal . i be look for a cheap but decent hotel for a night and this fit the bill   a short walk to all the resturants in soho , clean rooms , right price

