as we only have   days to plan our spur of the moment trip to hong kong i be in a bit of a panic as to where to stay    have no idea about the different area of hong kong and we be on a tight budget  

very please with our choice of hotel

these service apartment be in a good location and they serve their purpose very well . our room be quite small but it have everything you need for a few days in hong kong . you could make breakfast and a one pot meal with ease . there be a tv and dvd player if you want an evening in

the location be top , shopping     ferry round the corner . no restaurant in hotel but big choice of well price restaurant and bars in street and kitchenette in room . room basic but clean and ideal for a family situation

just back after a week at citadines ashley . i read the review here and be not disappoint at all . hotel be near transport , shopping , restaurant , convenience store , and anything else hk have to offer . the room be clean , recently refurbish and very pleasant . free inroom broadband be fast and so necessary for traveler like myself . three rooms per floor so quiet . staff pleasant and helpful . the bed be hard though . i often visit hk and decide to try another hotel after the one i usually use have be dirty and with surley staff . so impress with citadines ashley i 'll be stay there again soon

good location , convenience to go around , a bit expensive but nothing cheap for hotel in hong kong anyway . room be a bit quite small , but clean and well equipped with everything

stay here for   night jun   to   ,   rooms be decent size by hk standard and comfortable . the bed be very hard   but i find that comfortable   so no problem for me

we stay here for   days . the room be pretty small and basic but have everything you could need . it be quite modern , minimalistic but functional . we have a fridge , even a hob and cupboard full of cutlery and dishes . do n't think it would be great if you plan to spend a long time in the room , but for us we spend all day out and about and literally just sleep there . who go to hong kong and spend all day in their hotel anyway ! ? ! there be no in house restaurant , so no breakfast but you do n't have to walk far to find something . there be two   's within a minutes walk . the room also have a plug in cable for internet , no wifi as far as we could

rooms be very

have stay here twice   if i am not on a budget to afford my all time favourite hotel lkf on hk island , this be my only other option . citadines apartment be great value , and hk be no exception . tell me one other hotel in hk that have free broadband , a lounge room area , a small kitchen , and dvd player for this price ! great location , great value . check out citadines in shanghai and xi'an as well . i am at citadines xi'an whilst type this   similar layout to hk , slightly bigger , and cheaper ! enquire on the hotel 's website for promotion before book through third party website

we be stay at the citadines from april   to april   the hotel be locate on ashley road , which be somewhere between nathan road and canton road . the hotel be an apartment style hotel . you basically get a bed , small kitchen area with dish , microwave , small cooking stave , bathroom , small two person sofa sleeper

we have a great stay at this hotel in nov   staff very very friendly and be happy to help us . room be a good size with a slide door that could separate the main bed from the pullout sofa bed . location be excellent  close to shop , restaurant and mtr station . only complaint be the bed be extremely hard   my daughter pull out bed be alot softer   but this room be     aud cheaper than the ymca so we think this be well worth it

â € ¢ stay here in october     the foyer be under renovation which be a pain . the entry to the lobby be very thin , only one person can walk down it at a time . only one lift be work which mean sometimes there be quite a wait     it often smell of paint

we just come back from citadines hongkong ashley , we book a studio executive at   per night , overall experience be good . i be with husband and my   girl

i stay at the citadines before and like it very much

it have everything i need , all in perfect condition . i be give a free upgrade which be possibly why i be quite impress with the room . check in check out be fast and nice , the location ca n't be better unless you prefer to be on hong kong island on the other side . a variety of restaurants eateries be readily available on the same street . only negative part be the renovation in progress . make it a little stuffy in the public area like lobby and corridor , and i have to share the elevator once with a workman and his ladder . the fire alarm be also trigger twice in the same day but they turn out to be false alarm i figure that one out coz i be in the shower and do n't run out , and it turn out fine both times . conclusion , unless you be really fussy , you 'll like ashley . i do

my partner and myself stay at the ashley apartment in hong kong for a week in october last year . ashley apartment be great . the room be a good size , with a lounge that could be seperated from the bed by a slide door . the shower be a tad annoy as it wet most of the bathroom floor , this be a minor issue though , you just learnt not to put anything on the floor . my main issue be how hard the bed was . i have a super soft bed at home though and a slightly bad neck and my partner think it be fine , so if you do have a bad back think again about this hotel . the little bar on the   floor be also great for a few drink and snack before dinner . it 's ashame they do n't have a proper cafe or restaurant though for breakfast . dinner be n't an issue with so many restaurant in the area

i stay at the ashley apartment , in tsimshatsui , hong kong , over the chinese new year for   days

i be in hong kong for   days , and stay here for   days from november     december   ,   the hotel be conveniently close to everything , mtr station , food and shopping street be nearby , walk distance to waterfront view at tsim sha tsui . feeling safe stay there with elevator 's passcode to the floor of your room . i have noisy neighbor guest next door and they seem to always slam their door , esp . in the early morning hours   . daily service with clean towel , bed get tidy up but no new clean sheets . i dislike the standing shower , the drain do n't seem to work well and the water kinda flood the toilet area . the price be expensive compare with hotels . i actually pay less stay at metropark kowloon for   days earlier . my friend have a deluxe room which a bit larger and less     squeezed    than the studio . they have the same problem with the flood water when showering . deluxe room have extra space for a small sofa and a coffee table . if you like to cook on your vacation , then i recommend you stay here and get deluxe room . three rooms per floor , a little stuffy in the hallway and the elevator

my boyfriend and i stay at the ashley apartment for   days from   to   september   we stay in a studio room room  

