we be amaze at the new refurbishment of the hotel itself after view complaint of dilapidation on the website . we be especially happy to be receive by very friendly staff . the cleanliness of the room be impeccable and beyond complained . we would especially want to give excellent comment to book staff ms y lau and a reception trainee , hilda , who have display excellent manner and help during our stay . we be originally stay at a different hotel in causeway bay , but be force to look for other hotel for reason of its compact sized room for   adult stay in a less than   square foot room . ms lau , at our enquiry , immediately give us a room which be newly renovate and have more room for three of us . it be clean , cosy and comfortable . hilda serve us with good manner in the reception counter . this be a good memory for us and we would like to recommend this hotel to any visitor in hong kong ! if the hotel be to provide free internet , it would be far better

stay in the city garden for   night and find it a great vfm hotel . staff be excellent and the room be clean and tidy . location be handy for all local services and transport be readily available nearby for go further afield

we be disappoint with this hotel as it be part of a tour and the other hotel have be of a high standard . the room be ok in itself with everything you would expect but the bathroom be not clean at all with hair everywhere and the sheet on the bed be very damp , which make it very difficult to sleep . we have have a very long day and have already unpack so we could not be bother to change rooms but in hindsight maybe we should have . the morning be also not help by a lack of hot water

very recently get back from stay at the city garden for   night whilst in hk . immediate impression is       wow     the lobby be very plush and very attentive staff . we make the mistake of take the high speed train from the airport , then the metro the guy at the airport direct us to the wrong metro station  so we end up have to walk longer than we should have   . word of warning , if you have heavy luggage , get a cab from the nearest mainline station from the high speed train , the metro with the never end escalator , stairs  and more stairs , it 's just way too much agro , as the hotel be quite a way from the airport

we stay in a deluxe room at the hotel in november   for one week and have the advance breakfast package . the hotel location and facility , the standard of our room , the quality of the food and service in the restaurant , the ambiance of the bar and the general front desk service be very good and i would heartily recommend this establishment to those visitor to hong kong on a â € ˜ city break â € ™

we stay here for   night on way home from nz to uk . if we re visited would stay on mainland rather than the island as area not very nice . mtr excellent and cheap for get around and of course the star ferry . hotel very chinese but staff welcoming . do n't take first room give as we be give a supposedly non smoking room which reek of cigarette so ask to be move and we be move with no questions . rooms quite small but clean and comfortable . tea and coffee make but powdered milk supply ! surround by   storey high tower block swim pool on   level outdoor again totally enclose by these unattractive apartments . internet access on   floor fairly inexpensive . bar in basement very dark and not welcoming . satay restaurant very good and buffet breakfast excellent include in price . we have arrange through trailfinders for     meet and greet    at airport and we be very glad we had . the airport be on lantau island and it take for ever to get into hk proper . go back we take     hr so allow plenty of time

this be a great value hotel very close to all the action of hong kong . the location may look a little out of the way on some map but it be actually very good . its only   min walk from fortress hill station and from here it only take   min to central and   min to causeway bay with all its bars , restaurant and shop

i have stay in this hotel   times   think the price be ok and location be not bad , so decide to come back again this october for   nights . we book the premier room , which be suppose to be nice from memory , but we get give a room on the   floor , badly renovate , and noisy room . it 's not bad but it 's just not really up to the standard . then come the bad service . we check in , someone say they would take our luggage up . we go up to our room ,   hour later , no luggage . so we think we would go out for some shopping and dinner , then come back at   and still no luggage . rang up , the front desk say they would chase up . half an hour later , still nothing . so i go downstairs to get them myself . their excuse be   we come up once but you be out . i be sorry , this be just not the kind of service that be acceptable

the city garden be not exactly in the heart of things , nor be the surround neighborhood although apparently safe very uplift , so if you want to be where the action be , either in hong kong or kowloon , or if you be put off by urban grunge , you will have to pay more for     better    locations . but if , on the other hand , you be willing to invest some moderately substantial time and energy , use public transportation to get to where you want to go , and if you can tolerate workaday , big city sights and smell , then the city garden be a good , reasonably priced , clean , well run place to stay

stay here recently for a   week holiday and be quite happy with the hotel . location be bit away from all the happen parts of hong kong island but can be easily reach by bus or mtr . room be a little tired and could have do with some refurbishement , but say that have everything you need air con , fridge , hair dryer , internet access     tea coffee make facility , safe     iron board on request . we have a meal in the hotel satay restaurant which be fine , and have breakfast once in the hotel which be ok but a little expensive

we book a premier room for   days   night stay at city garden hotel hong kong via www .agoda .com . everything be well take care of include my request of   single bed , non smoking room and high floor . check in be a breeze and we be up in our room in no time .

travel back from australia i spend two days in hong kong with one night at the city garden . although i arrive at   be i be immediately show to my room , which be large , very modern , with good quality furniture and soft furnishing , cocealed mini fridge , tea coffee make , complimentary water     toiletry , large flat screen tv with cable channels , very modern bathroom with bath as well as shower . the staff be absolutely superb , service be wonderful and nothing too much trouble . hotel guest be give discount voucher for the coffee shop , where magnificent buffet be serve at very reasonable price and the service be superb . the hotel operate a free mini bus services to various points . as it be extremely hot in hong kong and my flight do not leave until midnight , i be extremely grateful that kirsy , my travel agent who always come up trump , have arrange a   check out at no extra charge

we stay here for a night in a deluxe room and we have a relax and comfortable stay . i even fall asleep at the window sofa . it be so comfy

we spend a couple of days at this hotel while my husband attend a conference . i go along to do some sightseeing . this hotel be a older hilton hotel . the bathroom be small and the air condition be pretty noisy when the fan be on . the decor be outdated . the location be very convenient and near bus stop     metro . you can get to dc in   minutes on metro orange line . the service be fine . the staff be helpful with the direction and map be readily available . if you do n't mind the noisy air condition fan kick on     off , it will do fine for one or two nights . value wise , it be not cheap     internet be extra . i would say you be pay for the hilton name and convenience to dc

we be really please with this hotel . we catch the   bus from the airport which stop about half a block from the hotel on electric road no need to lug your bag up and down the mtr and its way cheaper . although we arrive before check in time , they give us a room so that we could take a shower and rest . it be n't a problem at all for them to switch us from that room a twin room to a queen room . at first , they give us a room on a smoking floor but when we request a non smoking floor they do n't hesitate to change us again . everything be really clean , rooms recently refurbish and the room be service daily . you also get the newspaper too . while it be not in the middle of all the 'action ' its very easy to travel by mtr everywhere . air con be great too , which be what you need when its humid ! we be on the   floor so noise be n't a problem . would definately stay there again

i stay here recently . the hotel be fine , but it be definatley away from the action . its in a fairly residential area . the mrt be nearby , but walk in the heat be probably not worth it . i personally wo n't be stay here again . breakfast be fine . some of the lower floor seem not to be renovate , and look dodgy . mine be ok . the fitness centre be old

best hotel at north point , locate opp . olympia plaza and access to prime business places . good for couple of days stay . reasonable rates

we have a lovely week long stay at this hotel . it be well locate just a few minuet from fortress hill tube and bus and tram

this hotel be not the greatest when it come to be super clean but i have yet to find a hotel in hong kong that is . i am sure some of the super expensive one be but who can afford those . for the value , city garden be outstanding . the location be on the island in versatile north point , near the fortress hill mtr stop . the price you can usually find for well under     , sometimes under     us per night . you will be hard press to beat this price for a decent   star island hotel

the hotel be book by our travel agent and when we get there a deposit be insist upon as we do not have a credit card . we eventually convince them to remove the mini bar from our room so we do n't have to leave Â £  

just return from an april   stay in hong kong . hotel be expensive in hong kong . so if you would like to stay in a modern western style hotel room but not have it cost you a fortune then city garden be a good choice . it 's very conveniently locate next to the train subway . our room be big , comfortable with a plush king size bed and modern bathroom . the hotel staff and their customer service be exceptional . i hope to go back to hong kong again someday and will definitely stay at city garden

i book a room through a chinese website , www ctrip com , and get a very good deal of   per night , i stay in the hotel for two night

large rooms , convenient location , good breakfast

we stay at this hotel at the end of a   week holiday , and it be a pleasant surprise

i stay at the city garden hotel for a one night stop over on route from london to sydney

city garden be locate on hong kong island very close to the mtr station fortress hill no more than a   minute walk . this area be not touristy at all and be a real residential area , so you see much more of the real hk than if you stay in tsim sha tsui . from the airport , you can either make your own way by use the airport express train which take you to central on hk island and then go by mtr to fortress hill costs about     hk each way and be very well sign post , or by taxi close to     hk or arrange a hotel transfer in advance we email the hotel prior to our arrival in hk . the train be really easy , quick and comfortable but with child or a large party , an arrange hotel transfer might be a better option have do both option on different occasions as you will be take right to the door of the hotel

we book this two night stopover to nz through our travel agent trailfinders so we get a good deal   plus a late checkout for our evening flight . the service be excellent , and for a   hotel or what we think be   , it feel more like a   give the size and quality of the room . ca n't remember what floor we stay on but it be quite high up and look out of the front of the hotel over the pool . monsoon season mean there be no point take a dip in the pool   we just have to step outside the door to get a soaking . mtr station around the corner though , so easy to get around . however breakfast be extortionate for what it be   although unfortunately give the fact that we could find nothing nice to eat anywhere in the vicinty , breakfast be the best meal of the day !

the hotel be well position near a mtr station so very easy to get around

stay at hotel in march   , excellant hotel find the staff very friendly and helpfull,they could not do enough for you . the rooms be nice and comfortable , the maid be there every day to clean rooms , i find the hotel very clean and a good enviroment to stay in also the hotel be locate in a good spot so it be easy to get around by foot and if you want to go further there be always a taxi outside the lobby wait any time of day or night . it be a very enjoyable stay i would stay there again and reccomend this hotel to anyone else visit hong kong

i want to confirm what be say by the other reviewer regard higher pricing for foreigners    it happen to us too . in my case , it 's   per night plus     service charge

after see the poor review here , we go with low expectations . but surprisingly , it turn out to be a pleasant stay . we be upgrade to club room . think it be one of the recently renovate rooms . clean and comfortable . the hotel be also convenient as mtr station be just a couple of minutes away , and there be also complimentary bus shuttle services provide by hotel to shopping district and the central stationl , where the airport express is . the check in and check out be also fast and smooth for us

we stay at this hotel for   night on our trip to asia , we arrive at the hotel at midnight and it take   minutes to check in . when finally get check in they ask myself and my husband if a room with two single bed be ok . we say no and say that our book confirmation state that we have a deluxe double room booked . he say this be not a problem and book us into a room with a double bed . finally get to the room we discover that the main light in the room do not work and with it be about night time we could not see to unpack . we contact reception who after wait   minutes send an maintanance guy to sort the light . he confirm after   minutes that there be a problem with electric and start to try and sort this out , by now it be about   my husband contact reception and say it be not good enough , they tell him that no other rooms be available . my husband insited that they move us and they then manage to find another room ! ! it be now   in the morning ! the room be a fairly good size but be be very date and not too clean . the bathroom be a fair size but we have a hole in the bath ! ! the room be very noisy and everytime that the room above turn on their shower it sound like a plane take off , the hotel blammed this on the plumbing



the city garden hotel be comfortable but it be under renovation sept   on floor   and   and move up to the   + floors . i book through wotif and while i can often get a good deal from that engine they be so big now they be slip with their discounts . i take the â € ˜ secret deal â € ™ which be book a hotel without know which one it is . i fgured it be city garden as the description be exactly the same as the list city garden but i save  

my husband and i spend   night at the end of july at the city garden and it have be book by our travel agent as we have decide on a stopover on the way to saigon . i be a bit apprehensive have read some of the reviews . when we arrive at the airport , our transfer have not be sort out by the travel agent and we have to get a cab . at the hotel reception staff be very helpful and the concierge say he would sort it . i then request an extra bed in our room as our daughter have fly from saigon to meet us for the   nights . this be no problem and the bed be bring to the room within the hour . the next day we have a note under the door to say transfer be sort out and give us times for airport minibus . we find our room clean and comfortable . it wasnt absolute luxury but certainly not unpleasant or dirty . when we go to pay the extra for our daughter for her bed in the room and transfer for her to the airport , they tell us it be fine and no payment be required . there seem to be very mix review about this hotel but our experience be an excellent one the staff be all very polite and pleasant and nothing be to much trouble . we would certainly use this hotel again . thank you city garden hotel

we stay   night at the city garden business hotel , arrive on the   july and checking out on the   july this year

i go to hk nearly every month . my 'regular ' hotel be book up solid so i go on a desperate search for something in the same area north point and come across this city garden hotel . i be out of pocket at the time , and so a chinese friend of mine call to book the room for me . mind you , this be a 'cold call ' directly to the hotel reservation desk . the reservationist first quote a room cost of   per night for a standard room . then , when my chinese friend give my passport information , the reservationist ask if i be a 'foreigner' . my friend ask what difference that make ? well , apparently it make a big difference because the price for that same room suddenly become   per night in a matter of seconds . i have never encounter this kind of trickery before , and i hope i never do again . but i feel i should let folks know about this hotel 's policy toward foreigners . it seem we get the foreign discount of     increase . beware . i end up book a room at hotel jen

i stay there for over a week and a half and be very impress with the cleaness and service of the staff . the staff speak very good english and most importantly it be very spacious . it 's close to a convenience store and only two block away from the mtr station , which be very important . i would definitely go back

we arrive at the hotel in the evening after a   hour flight , so we be tired but the receptionist could hardly speak english ? so it take more time to book in than usual

have read some of the comment , i can not understand that someone could have anything to moan about with the hotel . check in be very quick , staff be polite . the rooms be make up every day without fail and cleanliness be good . housekeep come in every evening to close the curtain   we be supply with bathrobes , slipper and bottled drinking water

we be show two rooms at this hotel and they both stank to high heavens ! the brown carpet and brown brillo pad type blanket be disgust , the smell stick to the back of your throat . we book through a book agency which wax lyrical about the garden view , all we see be a derelict fountain opposite . the bed be like jelly , so one to avoid if you have back problems . we arrive and after see a standard and executive room check out immediately cancel our book with the hotel

this hotel in hong kong be a four star establishment , in an advance country . i have never be to a four star establishment that do not vacuum carpet , or change bed linen before , so this be a first ! the carpet be black and look like it have never be clean since it be first lay   the linen be not change but just shake and replace on the bed . our child be cover in bite from bed bug and we all develop a skin rash due to the amount of dust mite live with us in the room . we be constantly itch whilst try to sleep

the weather in hk be wet the week we be there , but the inside of our room be too . i have never meet such awful condensation . we could not open the windows even a crack   reception explain that this be for safety reason because the room be on the   floor . they say the condensation be occur because it be warmer outside than inside   this be not true , but after our complaint the condensation mysteriously clear up . complimentary water , with a little tag on it , be supply when we arrive   when more bottle arrive also with little tag , we assume they be complimentary as well , but discoverd when we check out that those little tag have be advertising a     promotional price    of hk     per bottle the bottle be available in   for hk     so beware ! other than this , the hotel be average   the room be ok but the tv be rather elderly and there be some noise from the lift motor   breakfast and the bar be very expensive . if you choose to stay here , the address be north point , but the nearest mtr be fortress hill it 's then a very short walk and there 's an airport bus stop the   near that mtr station . the newton hotel just down the road be better when we stay in it four years ago

have just return from a   night stay at the city garden with my family child         . we have a great holiday in hk and the city garden provide us with a comfortable base from which to venture out in to the frenetic activity of the city

the city garden hotel be locate   min walk from the fortress hill mtr railway station in the north point area of hong kong . the location , whilst underwhelming , be reasonably convenient for sightsee as the mtr be incredibly efficient

i have just return from a   night stay at this hotel

as a break from the norm we decide to spend our summer holiday away from the med crowd beach and head for the even more crowd destination of hong kong

the hotel city garden be locate in north point

the city garden hotel be conveniently locate near the fortress hill mtr stop . it 's a nice hotel , with stylish decor , however , the rooms be a little dirtier than i would expect , and some rooms need some updating . the furnishing be definitely show some wear

can very recommended . great location . very clean . nice outside swim pool and jacuzzi . cute little gym . very quite place .   min from mtr and tram . and few min . walk to supermarket nice restaurant too , but quite overpriced . only thing be the recepcionists . not really friendly and poore english . always look at me like at an alien . anyway great value for money . if anybody want some advice about hk   will be happy to help

this be our second time stay at city garden . i agree some reivew although upgrade the room , the room size not very huge but very clean and fresh . the housekeeper do a very good job , change the bed everyday and make the room very clean

very clean and modern hotel with full facilities . the rooms be clean and comfortable with tea and coffee tray ,good size bathroom all rooms be furnish with twin or queen size bed and offer broadband internet connection , electronic safe , a wide choice of television channels

i stay at the city garden hotel because it be across the road from my brother , who life in hong kong . i be initially a bit worry about stay there because i think it look very utilitarian , but i must say , i be pleasantly surprised . i book a room on the club floor and stay for   night and i be delight with everything . the room have be refurbish and be very spacious , although the view of apartment block be a bit bleak . still , i be n't there for the view ! the bathroom be magnificent and i really enjoy the club lounge , although i do n't use it that much as i spend a lot of time out and about with my brother

we stay at the city garden for three night in november   we book the hotel with bed and breakfast through a hotel website . the hotel be locate about a ten minute walk from the subway line . it be a bit tricky to find on arrival especially after a fifteen hour flight and then train into the city , as you need to use an overhead passageway to cross the main street . however once orient , we realise that we could simply have follow the street to arrive . check in be rapid and very easy . be a quiet neighbourhood , the room be quiet and quite spacious . it have an in room safe . it overlook a small park where we could see local do tai chi in the morning and huge apartment buildings . breakfast be excellent â € “ no doubt the best of all the hotel we stay in during our two month trip . the hotel staff be helpful and friendly . the cable selection on the television be very diverse . the hotel itself be about five minutes from the tramway and local buses . this make travel around the city and the island very easy . for example it take about   minutes to get from the hotel to central station

we stay at the city garden for   days . the room be clean and very modern with an adequate size bathroom typical of that kind of hotel . we upgrade to an executive room and those floos do look better than the standard room floors so i would advise an upgade as its not that much more money

the location north point be too far from the downtown area and surround by drab block of flats

we arrive here from a stay in australia and prior to that singapore our travel agent trailfinder have secure excellent accomodation in the rest of our trip after checking in ,we be take to our room and our case deposit with us we find the room to be smell strongly of damp and other unidentifiable smells the bed apart from be damp resmbled world war   army issue the carpet be badly stain and damp ,there be dirt in all the corners for the first time in my life i find myself photograph filth conditions in any hotel i have stay in when i contact the front desk their solution be to offer an air freshner ! after a struggle we be offer a room on a higher floor this be marginally better and we have to accept this as we be only stay two night

we have just return from a week stay at the city garden hotel , hong kong

book the city garden while search the web for a reasonable hotel for our budget . be pleasantly surprise with city garden . check in be good . since our arrival coincide with the trade fair , we be upgrade to a room in one of their premiere floors . there be the smell of smoke in the corridor though fortunately , this be n't the case in the room itself . the room have a very modernist feel . the furniture and decor be obviously newly refurbished . needle to say , the room and bathroom be both very clean and come with the standard amenities . we also have complimentary internet access in the room which be an add bonus

have stay at teh city garden a couple of times now so i guess i am a repeat customer which be indicative

the city garden hotel be a top notch hotel . i enjoy my stay there . it be close to shopping area , and the mtr , which bring you to great shopping area and such . i love my vacation to hong kong largely because i stay at the city garden hotel . the staff be incredibly helpful . i would recommend this hotel to any traveller to hong kong

really excellent value family hotel . not as smart as a five star but perfectly smart and clean but the price be low and it be only a   minute cheap taxi ride to anywhere in the centre of hong kong . breakfast be great . the roof top pool be a bonus

we stay in the city garden in hong kong on august   for three nights . the taxi from the airport take about   minutes , it be true to say that when you arrive you think 'this be a bit out of the way ' in terms of the surround area . however , once you get into reception it be all different . the service be fantastic , friendly and we receive an upgrade without even ask ! the rooms be nice , although try to get one with good view

after reading the previous review regard the rooms we be a little worry about the state of the rooms and their smell . when we arrive we be automatically upgrade to a room on the higher level rooms , with the explaination that the roomwas n't ready . the room be fine , it do have a slight musty smell but nothing that could n't be live with for the time we be there

stay two night from   to   in   we do n't want to spend too much so after much research city garden be one of the least expensive among   star hotel in hong kong island

city garden be a modern hotel in an excellent location for explore hong kong near to the v efficient mtr . the room be clean and comfortable and the staff helpful . the breakfast and bars be v expensive , so i would n't recomment them . the pool area be n't great , but we do n't have time to swim   there be so many other things to see and do

just back from   days in hong kong , our first visit ,   parent and   adult child , book through trailfinders . lots of positive about the ciy garden hotel although we really only sleep there

we love our stay at the city garden

there 's a big difference between the type of rooms the hotel offers . i have the superior room for the first few days , it 's dark and outdated . it 's on floor   upgrade to the executive club room , brighter and much more comfortable . there be smoking and non smoking floor

this hotel be very convienent to the fortress hill metro station

on arrival at the city garden i do think     oh dear         but once inside the reception area be pretty neat . the staff be friendly and give us a room upgrade which be cool . the room be small and compact but clean and cosy . the garden cafe be excellent , couldnt fault the food or even the price

we get a good deal to stay here through cathay pacific holidays . upon check in , we be delight to be tell that we have be upgrade to an executive club floor room . think it be our lucky day and have stay at similarly name rooms at deluxe hotel , we have high expectation , however it be really just a room and there be no fancy club lounge or extra benefits . at first glance the room look nice and modern , however upon closer examination you could tell it be a bit of a show . nothing terrible , although the bathroom in particular be small and not very practical . we also have a problem with the shower not drain properly and have to spend half the time ankle deep in water ! however we choose to put up with this and not report it to the hotel

room be dark with deep brown color old furniture , view be horrible too when open the curtain . and then water from shower     was so thinnn dribble even i try to turn both hot     cold water taps to the maximum ! i request for change room but be turn down , and a plumber be send i not think he 's a plumber , as i notice he do exactly what i do before ! and not bring along tool with him . i finally complain to the manager direct and after lots of hassle then they finally decide to change to another room ! this be ridiculous

have spend a great deal of time research hotel on trip advisor the city garden be recommend to us by trailfinders

we want a hotel close to our relations ' flat , so this be one of the closest hotel , geographically speaking . the location in fact prove to be very good   easy access to the tram stop , and the mtr station be only a hundred yard further on . there be always a few taxis outside the hotel if you need to get anywhere in a hurry , and equally , come back from victoria city or central as it be colloquially know be quick and easy by taxi , or mtr . buy an octopus card prepayment for all public transport except

stay with my family at the hotel for   nites . assistant manager on duty be very prompt in answer my request to change to another room as the one allocate be not very clean . staff at front desk and in housekeep department be helpful and basically effective in their service . love the location of the hotel as it be very near the mtr train station and there be many eat place and shop just a street or two away . there be a few   store just next to the hotel but things be cheaper and can be buy from the local supermarts namely welcome and park n shop . if you love a quiet and simple hotel with a garden view , this be the one for you

i stay at the city garden hotel for   night . this be my second visit to this hotel and it have improve from   we have a low cost flight from singapore which arrive early morning so naturally our room be n't ready at   this be n't a problem for us as we go and do some sight see and on return about   pm the hotel have upgrade us to an executive room which be very high standard . all be clean , comfortable bed , nice marble bathroom . reception be always busy but we be dealt with fast consider the queue . we never eat in the hotel , we always find cheaper and more choice just around the corner from the hotel . location be ok , in my opinion its in a more     local    part of the city so you need to take the mtr for more or less everything . if you get a chance do go and visit the disneyland here , its no florida so i am tell and its not mean to be either so i do n't know why on earth most people compare it to others around the globe . all in all a good hotel and i would stay there again should i ever want to visit hong kong in the future

summary

i book this htoel because it appear on our travel agent 's list for hong kong and appear to be good value for money . i assume that trailfinders would have do a good job of check it out , but a few days before arrive i look at some of the review on this site and wonder if we have do the right thing

we stay in this hotel for two night in october   as part of a tour package . give the previous review we have low expectation but it be clean and comfortable . we do not eat in the hotel . the tour guide do say we have be     up graded    to the   floor so i wonder if the key to the difference between the previous review be which floor you stay on ? however when the lift door open at various floor they all look well decorate and clean . the distance from central kowloon do not bother us as both tram and mtr be very close by

after reading the review here , we be concern about our   night break here as a base for sight seeing but we need n't have worried . we book with trailfinders who be excellent and we get a higher floor with a modern look room and only a slight musty smell as can be expect due to the climate outside . the garden cafe restaurant offer a good choice of food at average price and breakfast be more than fine

if you 're go to hk for shopping , then definitely stay in causeway bay or tsimshatsui . there be very few malls department store and restaurant around this hotel . the rooms be dirty . since i have be allergic to dust mite , i know it immediately if a place be dirty or not . aside frm that , my brother and i also feel itchy ! i definitely wo n't recommend this hotel . this be the worst of the worst

arrive about   from london , reception and book in very good and quick

i stay here with three friends . the rooms be very tired and quite dirty and the whole floor   smell damp . my two friend have numerous bite in the moring from bed bugs . although the location be great , i would not stay here again

the staff be really friendly and the rooms be a good sixe and have all your really need . it be in a good location close to the mtr , several bus stop and a tram stop

i stay here for   night as my usual kowloon location be fully book due to april trade show , but it give me a chance to see this very old part of hong kong that be new to me

use this hotel as a three night stop over on our way to auz . we arrive jet lag at   there be no problem in get a room straight away . the staff be excellent and the room cover all base , in a non touristy area which we like , great local restaurant , very close to mtr

stay here for just a few days on way back from australia . think the staff be lovely and the accommodation be very clean and not too small as it be only something like â ‚ ¬   per night . foyer be lovely and food be fine . it be locate just on the edge of the touristy area but clos also to the beaten track so to speak   it be right beside where local shop , eat etc so you could really find the bargains . would return here tomorrow if i have the time

i stay at the city garden hotel for almost   week in november ,   the hotel be only a few minutes walk from the mtr submway and there be plenty of restaurant , supermarket and drug store near by . the hotel staff be helpful and pleasant . however , the room i stay in be simply filthy . the bathroom smell like sawage despite multiple cleaning and bleaching . it be explain to me that this be due to the old plumbing system of the hotel building and there be nothing they could do about it . i try to change to another room , but they all smell the same . i also suffer from bite by bed bugs . when i report the problem , they quickly change all the bedding and shampoo the carpet . the bed bug problem go away , but the carpet be still very dirty . all in all , in my opinion , this hotel need to be overhaul to keep it 's   rating

