stay at the hotel for a couple of nights . i have actually book the hotel base on the very positive review in trip advisor . upon arrival at the hotel , i be pretty surprise by the very much inconspicous entrance to the hotel . well , i suppose with the lack of space in hk , that should not be too surprising . however , upon arrival at the lobby , i be pretty impress with the grandeur like interior . checking in be a breeze by the pretty efficient reception staff . the room itself be fine , nothing too exceptional , a little date     sort of feeling but within my expectation of a   star hotel   and reasonably size , especially the bathroom . however , i be a bit take aback by the outdated tv   i suppose we be all use to the plasma lcd tv , which be n't exactly expensive nowadays . have a pretty good view of part of the harbour although the room itself be directly face the island shangri la hotel office tower   could see the folks work hard at their desk

we stay at the conrad early dec for   nights . we have a room on the   floor with a fantastic harbour view . the room be spacious and live up to it 's   billing . we take a train from the airport to the hongkong station and from there , take a cab to the hotel . we have no problem move around as the admiralty mtr station be right below the hotel . when we get back to the hotel in the evening on the first night , a conrad teddy bear be place on the bed , what a lovely gesture

a very luxurious , classy hotel on the island . when we arrive there be a very expensive look wed reception in the function hall   give that breakfast be Â £   a head , i can only imagine the cost of the wed cater

book this hotel with point during november   for a one night stay to visit a friend . as somebody who have never be to hong kong before i be look for something relatively central with nice surroundings . the hotel be perfect   the location be right on top of a shopping mall with all the major brand as well as a tube station

my wife and i spend   night at the conrad . we also stay at the hong kong intercontinental so can compare the two and help you decide where to stay

really enjoy the conrad . great location , right above the admiralty metro stop and right next to the hong kong park . take the train from the airport and then the   bus to the hotel , be efficient and easy . enjoy the exec lounge and the service from the maid be excellent . they visit our room several times a day , refill water and the free chocolate regularly . only thing be that all internet costs     unless you have your own laptop up in the lounge and connect wirelessly they charge you to use the internet on the exec lounge computer as well

we use some hilton honor point to book the conrad and unlike the other poster , we get upgrade to executive lounge when we check in , i suppose it depend on their availability , we do n't even have to ask

i have stay in other hotel in hk but this be by far my favorite

be attend a business conference   wks ago at the jw marriott nearby and stay here one night use diamond member points . so everywhere else i ' have ever stay use point include tokyo conrad , various renaissance and mariott hotel in china , hong kong and us , have always give executive lounge access and breakfast in exec lounge included . this hk conrad actually do not give me either even when i asked . i actually would not need their breakfast since i have a breakfast event to attend , plus i would have no time to use the lounge with my all day conference . but it would have be a good gesture of appreciation for a diamond member . how much do a freakin breakfast cost ? t'h Ã ¡ t 's so cheap for a conrad

the hotel be clean and plush . there be so many amenities , which make the trip more enjoyable . we be on the   floor and have a tremendous view from our room . the breakfast and dinner buffet be wonderful

it be one of the best hotel we have stay so far with excellent service provided . we have book via hotel website for a peak view and upon arrival we be upgrade with a harbourview . and the harbourview be really beautiful ! it s definitely worth every dollar spent . service be great and room be very clean . as we be celebrate our   anniversary , we be surprise with nice lil ' cake and chocolate in our room

this have be my third stay at the conrad and i wonder if will i ever go to a different hotel . only reason be to experience a new hotel in hk , other than that , it would n't make sense . everything have be perfect since day one

i think what really make a difference in a hotel be how they treat their child guests . some of the five star tend to treat child as they be invisible or collateral damage come with pay adults . conrad it be not like this . i be amaze how well they treat our   and   year old child   open door , fetch additional glasses of freshly squeeze juice , smile and greeting . even bring two teddy bear and child 's shampoo etc . to the room

we stay for a week with our family while we be search for house and school , prior to our relocation in a few months . we have book two rooms since we be travel with three child and our nanny

i have the pleasure to stay at the conrad for a week in october on business . what a hotel ! the service be fantastic , the rooms be brilliant and the food in the bar   pool area could not be fault

we stay at the conrad hong kong for   night before fly to thailand

we love this hotel   the position be ideal , the harbour view great and the staff so polite and helpful . we be upgrade to the executive level and be very impress with the quality of the service there . the breakfast , afternoon tea , canape etc be superb   we stay previously in the conrad at singapore and bangkok but find the hong kong preoprty the best by far . the only negative be the concierge service   we need help with sightsee and after wait some time in line we be dealt with very brusquely . that small issue aside , this be overall a great stay

i stay in conrad on a businee trip for   nights . i extremely like the location of conrad hong kong . it locate at pacific place which at the bottom of the hotel be shopping mall which link you to the underground . basically , you can go from one place to another all indoor and air condition ! ! it help as it be really hot when i be there in september

i love this hotel . i have a harbor view on the   floor executive floor and service be impeccable from the moment i walk in until the moment i walk out

this be a average business hotel . its a popular hangout for local rich chinese and expats . the breakfast be ok , the breakfast room be way too small and there be a long line to get a seat every morning . food and beverage price be astronomical , i mean i have stay at classy place around the world but food and beverage price be way too high for this category of hotel . the rooms be nice . we have a nice view over wanchai from level   from the look of it , harbour view rooms would have trouble with the swire building in the way . location be great with some nice not too expensive restaurant in the upmarket shopping centre below . the hotel staff appear to have all the same personality with paste on smiles . just do n't let a strong wind break the umbrella and ask the bell staff for a second one , they take it personally . overall , would i stay here again , no . it 's too boorish and contrive

stay there   night as hhdiamonds use points . bellhop be not helpful . tip be expected . give us exec harbor view rm with a couple of very comfortable rollaways for our kids . the signature teddy for each bed while turndown service be a nice touch . great amenities even with a nailclipper   although inconsistant while replenish the amenities . love the separate glass enclose shower and bathtub with ducky and separation for toilet . if possible ask for a room above   floor lounge which will enable you to see over a block bldg to the kowloon side . daily fruit and excellent chocolate every evening . very good exec lounge w free wifi     great view as they remember you and what you usually drink   they speak english well . afternoon lite snack and evening hor'derves be very nice   although their afternoon tea on the   floor be excellent quite pricey . breakfast at the lower restaurant have more variety than the lounge , but service be not good , after a week , they still do not know we be from the exec floor and keep billing us which the front desk take off at check out . give us   bottle of water daily . pool       hot tub be very nice with an attendant to bring you water and towels . very nice mall to walk around , but no one really shop there , convenient for the mtr train to kowloon side for shopping at fayuen street or woman 's market . do not go to temple street , as i hear , it may not be 'safe ' ? visit stanley , the shopping there be quite reasonable as i be surprise , but look around   before buying . the next stall always seem like it be cheaper ! tip visit kfc for the coconut egg custard and hulanshan for their mango dessert yum !   walk distance to the tram for victoria 's peak , nice botanical garden within a couple of block

stay   aug   ,

i stay in the conrad hong kong for   night in august of   i stay in this hotel towards to end of my trip in china and would have to say it be definitely the nicest hotel that i stay in . upon check in i be surprise to find that i have be upgrade to a jr . suite because they be out of available rooms on the executive floor . when i reach the room     my jaw drop due to how nice it was . the suite be enormous and it have a big bedroom and a separate live room . the view out of both rooms be incredible and i be excite to be stay in such a nice hotel for a few nights . the suite have   bathroom   full and   half and it be great because the person that i be stay with be able to have their own bathroom . my room include a great breakfast every morning at the restaurant on the lower level lobby and i couldn â € ™ t have be happier with the variation of food that they offered . i enjoy have traditional american breakfast after eat traditional chinese breakfast just about every day and it provide a nice change . after get situate in the room and unpack some of my belongings i be off to explore hong kong kowloon . the hotel be situate directly above the pacific place mall which be directly above the incredible hong kong subway system . i use the subway multiple times when i be in hong kong because it be so incredibly convenient and so clean compare to american subway systems . i end up have dinner at a nice japanese restaurant that be within the pacific place mall and end up have a great meal . after visit a lot of city in mainland china i be shock by how different hong kong be as it be so westernize compare to mainland chinese cities . overall , everything about the room and my stay at the conrad hong kong be incredible and it make for a very comfortable stay in hong kong

we book the fantastic summer     discount offer in their website and get a real bargain

this hotel be almost beyond words . it 's perfectly situate in the city , near to a metro station and attach to the pacific mall shopping centre

it 's an expensive hotel , but absolutly amazing . we stay in one of the executive suite and it be perfect . the staff be very helpful , the room be lovely with an amazing view , and breakfast be delicious . if you be look for a top end hotel in hk i would definitely stay here

i have stay at many wonderful hotel in hong kong over the years . the conrad be sandwich between the jw marriott and the island shangri la all attach to the sprawling pacific place mall . what ever happen to the ritz , i hear it be tear down

excellent location above pacific place mall . the downtown core with office tower , banks , etc be a   minute , mostly cover walk or a   minute subway ride . there be hotel closer to the business core but you will pay twice as much . it 's worth while pay extra for a high floor harbour view room but below the top   floor , your harbourview be more like an office tower view   perhaps you could look through the offcie tower to the harbour , but i digress . the pool be decent and not too crowded . i like be able to walk in the nextdoor park after work

stay here in feb   , on a far east trip

i spend a week at the conrad on a girl shopping trip . we have a fantastic stay . we have book a harbour view room on the executive floor , and to our surprise , on arrival we be upgrade to a very spacious corner suite on the   floor   bathroom and plenty of space which be great for a group of girl ! . the view be wonderful , and unobstructed as we be on such a high floor

i arrive at hkia and take the airport express to hong kong station . there be a free shuttle bus service from the station to conrad . the hotel be impeccable in terms of service and quality . the rooms be large and the bathroom be expansive with a shower and bathtub . bedsheets and pillow be also of high quality and comfort . my room face the harbour as well

we stay at the conrad hilton hong kong for the night of   and   july . i book the cheapest room on their website , face the harbor . this prove to be a great choice â € “ i can not work out why people would pay more for a view of â € ˜ the peak â € ™ . the view from the hotel room , on one of their higher floor , be amazing . we could have stay in the room all day just admire the view

a first time for me to try conrad rather than shangri la and a really great experience . the conrad be excellent all round in terms of welcome , room , butler service , executive lounge service , pool and concierge . can recommend the executive floor as the service in the lounge be unusually good with delightful range of offering at tea time and evening drink time   provide a higher level of choice than be generally offer in such lounge in my experience . the room service be faultless   its seem a rare treat to have fruit and chocolate replace each day throughout the stay and even teddy bear at night ! attentive pool staff . the rooms seem slightly smaller that shangri la but be very comfortable especially the bed and wide pillow choice . the location be good since a premier shopping mall sit below the hotel access via room lift and there be mrt station close by . easy walk across park to the peak tram station for those great views . if i have to find a negative , it would be that on the weekend it be not possible to find a seat in the exec lounge due to its popularity   but attentive lounge staff do best to serve provide drink back to our bedrooms . a great stay and recommended . we use hotel provide transfer to and from airport  all work well

just complete a   stay at the conrad . check inn be smooth and offer an upgrade to the executive floor . it be not a harbor view but the backside of the hotel . the room be modern with a king bed . the lounge be on the   floor . i have breakfast here everyday some western and asian choices . the coffee be semi warm and be really bad . i finally have up and go to starbucks in the mall below the hotel

in most of my travel to hong kong , i would usually start at the marriott but give part of the hotel be go through renovation , i decide to head next door , conrad hong kong . arrive at the hotel be a nightmare , the driveway be triple park with valet car and the taxi could not drop me off directly at the hotel . i hop off at the main road and my partnet and i have to drag our two huge luggage through the car and up   steps into the lobby . no help from the door man ! check in be swift . the room be very comfortable and the view be fantastic ! the location be perfect , at pacific place meaning shopping , restaurant , train be all within a few min of walking . aside from the no service at my arrival , this hotel be great

the hotel have a great location right on top of pacific place . harbour view room have good view although they be much better from kowloon , but make sure you get a room on a very high floor else it may be block by the myriad of office building around the hotel . decor and furnishing be in great condition , but look rather date   apart from the tv dvd system the room could be an   's musuem . the bed be very comfortable , and the bathroom and the room be spotless . generic toiletry be disappointing in this price bracket , especially give what the competition offers . a minuature bear and rubber ducky be a nice touch , and you get a couple fo piece of fruit and water in your room every day

we have high expectation base on earlier reviews . i expect top notch   star stay . we stay in suite with live room have sea view

we have an excellent stay at conrad hong kong in late june   we stay in a harbor view executive room with a wonderful view over hong kong harbor towards kowloon . our room be also very comfortable with an extremely comfortable bed   one of the best ever at any hotel

beautiful hotel with amazing   hotel flank above a luxury shopping mall , the pacific place , with ample of upscale shop and lots of restaurant and eatery to choose from   from expensive to inexpensive chinese fast food joint which be great and clean . the hilton , jw marriott , and shangrila be the   top hotel above this mall

i stay here for four night and could not fault anything that i encountered . the harbour view room that i have be very well appoint and spacious . while it be obviously gear towards business traveller , i find it equally good for leisure travellers . the fitness centre be small but well equipped . the buffet breakfast be very good and it have extensive choices . i be able to get the airport express shuttle bus to and from the hotel to the rail station to connect to the airport . the hotel be well situate above the pacific mall and very close to admiralty mtr . at the time pacific mall be undergo some renovation but all services be accessible

excellent service   staff respond promptly to any query , be attentive , and unobtrusive i .e . rooms be quickly make while we be out for breakfast . enjoy nightly turn down service , daily fruit plate , and welcome tea . my only quibble be that our non smoking room smell faintly of smoke upon enter but my husband disagree and claim it be the smell of wood

we arrive at   in the morning , fully prepare to drop our bag and head out of the hotel but our room be ready ! we be very impress as we have be travel all night and need to sleep . and sleep we do with the comfiest pillow in the world

such a good idea to stay at the conrad . not only be the location most excellent , the service be brilliant . i think one should certainly include breakfast during the stay   the best pork buns to be have be in the breakfast buffet   preferably by the pool . the outside deck be also perfect for lazy sultry cocktail in the evening . the hotel be connect to the pacific place mall and you can walk right through the great shops   through to the cinema for a late night movie , or to the metro station . we be there for five days , and could easily have do another week

visit hongkong recently for business and stay at the conrad for a few days . the experience be absolutely amazing . i have book myself a city view room with breakfast include in the price i arrive at the hotel with my wife and my daughter and check in early to our pleasant surprise we be upgrade to the harbour view room . the view from the   floor be amazing and compare to other hongkong hotel the room be big . the bathroom with its separate shower place and bath be very nice . the fruit basket and chocolate be a nice gesture . the room service be courteous and prompt . the buffet breakfast be well spread and the service efficient . the hotel have forget to serve us complimentary tea on our arrival but later in the day get a apology letter from the gm of the hotel with our tea which we feel be a great gesture on the part of the hotel . nothing can beat the hotel 's location , right in the heart of the business district . the subway have a station right under the hotel plus a very plush mall for shopping the peak tram and the hongkong park be just round the corner from the hotel . all in all a very pleasant and a satisfying experience . on my next visit to hongkong would only stay at the conrad and would definitely recommend the hotel to fellow travelers . p .s .   my daughter really love the conrad teddy and the duck

great view , great service , everything be great stay at conrad !

recently have a   night stay at the conrad hk . i usually stay at the island shangri la or four season in hk i be keen to see how this hotel compare

from the moment you arrive at the conrad you know you be in for a treat . the staff be so welcome , from the doorman tot he bell boy . we stay here for   night and love every minute of it

my   week stay here about two week ago be superb . i be upgrade to the executive floor floor   i be on the   floor , same as the executive lounge . this time i have a peak view , and it be beautiful . the executive lounge have a view of the harbour . the food selection in the executive lounge be great

comfortably locate at the heart of hong kong , my stay at conrad be completely awesome . i be here on a business trip . right from the time i get out of the cab , till i check out and leave the hotel , it be a completely wonderful experience . rates be not best suit for budget traveler , but for a business stay , this be one of the best of its class in hong kong . the pacific mall and the park be easily accessable and that make the stay even more pleasant . quality of rooms be commendable and the mini bar be at its best ! overall , on a scale of   , i would rate it   !

my wife and i stay at the conrad for six night during may   we be celebrate our   wed anniversary and go to hong kong as s special treat to ourselves

excellent ,   facility with very prompt service . well suited for the american traveler .     xebraphone    mobile phone rental service from the business center be nice and very convenient . . . help me stay connect to the usa easily and inexpensively

conrad be locate at a very good location for any traveler who be require to work at central . the place be just walk distance away and that too through a beautiful walk via central park from businsess district and very near to the mtr station

i arrive at hkia and take the airport express to hong kong station . there be a free shuttle bus service from the station to conrad . the hotel be impeccable in terms of service and quality . the rooms be large and the bathroom be expansive with a shower and bathtub . bedsheets and pillow be also of high quality and comfort . my room face the harbour as well

i stay for   night and think this to be an excellent hotel . the ambience downstairs be charming , with the undertone of a modern but english colonial feel . the hotel be very well locate , partly give it be connect to the pacific mall and partly give that the hotel really be very central . finally , despite thiis centrality , the hotel be quite peaceful . it do n't feel hustle as one might expect from a central urban hotel

we stay at the conrad in a superior harbour view room and ca n't fault the conrad on hk island . the location be superb   fabulous view over the water to kowloon and a choice of either the mtr access through the hotel and mall or a stroll through hk park to get to central . the staff be top notch   polite , helpful , discreet and absolutely what you 'd expect in this hotel . the room and bathroom be spotless and beautifully furnish although i never quite understand why top class hotel still have huge old tv in enormous cabinet when there be sleek flat screen tv available . do n't get to use the pool and do n't have breakfast in the hotel every day   too much to see and do with only   days in hk

this be the only hilton property in hong kong . but what make this hotel stand out the the excellent customer service you get here . yes , the hotel be pricey but you absolutely get what you pay for . no cut corner on amenities , some of the best food in a hotel i have ever had . would i come back to this place ? absolutely

my wife and i recently stay in one of the executive floor rooms . we thoroughly enjoy our visit and the level of service and helpfulness be outstanding . we would recommend this hotel unreservedly

we just love the conrad hk   from the moment a uniform doorman open our cab door and usher us in through the perfumed marble lobby , it be sheer luxury

stay   night in the lovely hotel   upgrade to a view of harbor room which be divine ! the location right next to hong kong park with easy access to tram , shopping and public transportation be great . it be connect to an upscale shopping mall if that be something of interest to you , and in the mall there be several very good dine opportunity if you be watch your budget . we book a room with breakfast include and it be enough food to last us until evening    a coffee or tea stop mid day be all we needed . i feel we be give wonderful service at this hotel and i would return if ever in hong kong

we stay at the conrad for a couple of night at the beginning of april   in one of their executive rooms i think they 're slightly bigger than the standard rooms , with a few extra . we choose a room overlook victoria harbour , which have excellent view   i would recommend upgrade to one of the executive rooms as they 're towards the top beyong floor   i think

to be honest this hotel just can be qualify like a real gem   superb lobby , i get a business suite and it be supperb with all the amenities you can expect on a gem hotel of the world

excellent view and location . the rooms be quite big and bed very comfy . have the harbour view and a high level room so the view be great . room service be quite good and use it a few times . one evening they even give a conrad teddy bear as a gift which be kinda sweet of them

a very nice hotel with efficient and courteous staff . very comfortable and well appoint rooms . one of the most comfortable hotel bed i have ever sleep in . the hotel do n't have extensive grounds and the swim pool be very small but it be situate in a good location on the island with the victoria peak tram only a short walk away . the hotel be also attach to the trendy pacific mall , so only a short walk to shop and restaurant

the conrad be locate in downtown hong kong off the admiralty mtr . get to the hotel from hong kong central be a breeze with the hotel shuttle

great hotel , even greather view , nice and professional staff ! !

as a reasonably frequent business traveller into hong kong , the conrad scroes highly on   key paramemters that influence my choice of where to stay   convenience of location , efficiency and dependability and value for price paid . the cnrad scores highly on all thse  explain why i always end up there ! also like their small touch   espeically with repeat guest , so you not need to go thru details and preference again

i usually do n't stay in a     chain    hotel except on business but use some mileage point and have   wonderful night on holiday at the conrad . the staff be perfect  friendly and efficient . the room be sensibly lay out with enough power point and amenities . the mountain view be great as you see green , bird and some wonderful old buidlings   the harbour view be just a mess of grey . downside be   horrendous singer at the lobby bar , the necessity to walk through a shopping mall to gain entrance though you can also go via the park and top rates to use wireless in the room tacky

the best hotel experience ever ! ! great service , fantastic food choice , amazing location , super pool and spa , fabulous room and views  

perfectly locate between causeway bay and central , just up to the luxurious mall pacific place , conrad be undoubtly one of the best hotel on the hk scene . actually , this be not a brand new hotel with a     wow    design but this classical elegance be extremly comfortable and the hotel be perfectly maintain

beautiful hotel in all respects , great staff , very clean , good outlook onto harbour , stay there

stay there for four night in january with my wife , on holiday . love it ! we have an executive floor room one floor up from the lounge , with a very nice view of the harbor . for future reference , to try to get an even better view i 'd recommend ask for a room toward the right side of the hotel as one face the harbor . the further you be to the leave , the more another hotel intrudes into the view

great location , lots of shopping and great restaurant , great supermarket in the basemnt at the pacific place , very convenient and excellent

we stop off for   night en route to oz and get a good deal on an executive harbour view room  and what a view ! everything about the executive club be first class , lovely friendly staff , the enormous benefit of early check in after a long flight and the usual drink and nibble included . this be our first stay in a conran and i agree with an earlier review that room service and particularly the mini bar  Â £   for a chocolate bar ! !   be steep . nonetheless , we have a great stay and the service be exemplary form everyone and you do need to remember how the pound have lose     against the hkd in a year ! great bathroom and a very comfy bed , we could not fault it

efficient service on check in and on request we be offer a late       check out

once we figure out that we be a   minute walk from hong kong park orientation be easy . not much leave of the old hong kong , lots of huge building   office and apartments . hk side be not as shopping centric as kowloon , but we be on top of a massive mall if that 's what you enjoy   every designer store know anywhere

this be a top hotel . hotel be well presented . check in be quick and smooth . bedroom be well size and well decorated . buffet breakfast be excellent and lots to choose from . food at the hotel be excellent . this be a top   star hotel . due to economic crisis , the hotel rates be very competitive and good value

we stay at conrad almost every time we come to hong kong and we come to hong kong about every   months . we have always receive exceptionally excellent service from every single staff we come across . rooms be spacious and clean , services be attentive . we will continue to come back to this hotel

high expectation meet , but just barely . all conrad be great   however this one isn â € ™ t quite as great as some others . nonetheless , this be head and shoulder above most other properties . everything be outstanding , but somehow , it just didn â € ™ t strike me as overly so . no specific complaint , just an overall feeling . maybe this be because the executive level lounge feel cramp and not as well present as at other conrad

we stay in a harbour view room on the   floor at conrad hk . it be an excellent hotel with kind and friendly staff , very good restaurant and a a very convenient location . we love our stay there and aould definitely go back

an excellent hotel   room be lovely , spotlessly clean , decor understate but scream luxury . my favourite be their bed . small touch like a rubber duck for the tub , little teddy bear on the bed , slipper and bottle of water wait by your bed after the evening house keeping yup    they come by twice a day to replenish your drinking water , tidy up the room make it more special

we have a day stopover here , so only a   hours visit the room be nice , food be excellent in the fine dine restaurant and the amenities be what you would expect from a   star hotel , the staff be   star

the conrad hotel in hong kong be a really nice place to stay at . if you be look for a retreat and not just a hotel room to sleep in , this be the place for you

this be our third stay in a harbour view king on the executive floor although this time they upgrade us to a suite . for big city luxury hotel , it just do n't get any better than this

i stay there for one night in february â € ™  

my family 's choice of stay in hk be at the conrad . rooms be always nice , and service be top notch . they welcome you with a litlle teddy bear in the rooms too

we have stay a number of times over   years and feel like the conrad be like a nice home . perhaps our familiarity and use for leisure make us slightly critical . bar price be steep even by hk standard , room internet be chargeable faulty connection be fix promptly , would prefer in room tea coffee , thermostat be difficult to manage

i be actually debate between several hotel , i initially want to stay at the w hotel , but the location seem to be way too far . then i check the landmark in central but the the price be just too expensive . it be actually a toss up between jw marriot and conrad , but when i get the email about the conrad asia sale , i take it as a sign , besides the     discount on all hotel amenities and services make the deal sweeter

great location ! excellent interior ! courteous , friendly and prompt staff ! our rooms be upgrade with breathtaking views . cleanliness in the room , however , be not maintain well

you may wish to know that i be a diamond member of the hilton group which give me upgrade aqnd neither my wife nor i will see   years old again

i stay at the conrad for three night during a recent business trip . it be a very nice hotel in the pacific place shopping mall , near admiralty train station

well , have n't stay in four season or peninsula so hard to compare those clearly spectacular venues . but this place deliver for all intent and purpose , no doubt . excellent customer care and the quality and response time for room service be commendable

the conrad be without doubt an excellent hotel , even by hk standard

this hotel be just mangnificent ! ! we pay for a room at the club floor and it be at the   floor so you can imagine the view ! ! the room be regular size,not enormous but not small as well . the service be impeccable , the restaurant be great , the location its excellent , the concierge be very helpfull too . be at the executive club floor you have free lunch or tea coffee  snacks . just an amazing hotel !

the rooms at the conrad be elegant , with tasteful classical chinese furniture and frame old print , but light and airy . the staff be gracious and attentive . the doorman would n't let me get into a taxi when he 'd speak to the driver and it be clear the driver do n't know how to get to my destination . the location in pacific place be convenient for both the office in central district and the airport express station , as well as the wanchai     entertainment    district . pacific place mall have the best designer shopping in hk and some great restaurants . there be lots of lovely touch about the stay   a massive bath in the room with a little rubber duck and a teddy bear by the bed . in an ideal world every hotel would be as nice as the

we stay at the conrad hong kong from october   to november   ,   the service at this hotel be outstanding . the rooms be small but expect on this small island

we stay at the conrad for   night as part of our honeymoon . book directly with the hotel at a rate of   hkd a night for a deluxe harbour view room . check in be easy , we get upgrade to a suite room as it be our honeymoon . also free bottle of champagne , conrad teddy , fruit and chocolate   which make our stay really special . view over the harbour be good , but as you be set back from the waterfront you do get some obstruction from other building , so if you want a better view i 'd stay at a hotel on the waterfront . nonetheless it do n't stop us enjoy the view , lightshow and the building around us be light up . rooms clean each day , service in the restaurant very good . we eat in the golden leaf   chinese , staff very helpful in recommend dish , also outside near the pool area   less formal . we do n't book any tours with hotel , but just go off ourselves , always plenty of taxis outside hotel and reasonably priced . we thoroughly enjoy our stay here and would recommend the hotel . compare to other   * hotel this be a good price for the type of room we book

can a hotel anticipate a need before you have it ? ? if it can , then the conrad hk can do it

we arrive very late at the hotel round mignight due to our flight and since we book an executive room we be directly take up to the executice lounge for the check in . a very friendly lady help us through check in procedures . although we have book a non smoking she propose us a smoking room with a superb view . she say we could check out the room first and assure us that the room have be air quite well . this be true but i could still smell the smoke and since this be impossible for me to sleep in we go back to check in desk and the lady after one phone call directly upgrade us to an executive suite without charge . the room indeed have not such a stunning view as the other one but by all means be much larger and nicer . the room be super , spotless , nicely decorated    

great business hotel with a bit more flair . nice big bed and rooms . wind down be a nice touch , with a little teddy bear , but this hotel excels in location ! you be an elevator ride away from pacific place  not many other hotel can claim that with exception   

stay at this great hotel for the third time this year . as i have diamond status i be immediately put on the   floor and as usual service , rooms etc . be great

we stay for   night at the conrad as part of our honeymoon . we have use hilton point and my husband be a diamond member so we get upgrade to the executive floor and the harbour view room i 'd requested . we check in after long flight from the us and be escort to our room . we arrive to find champagne on ice await us with a 'happy honeymoon ' note from hotel management , as well as a tray with fresh fruit and an assortment of chocolate in a bamboo basket which be replenish after we eat some of the chocolate . we order room service and split the yummy singapore noodles . the service be prompt and friendly , a precursor of things to come

it may have be the upgrade , but i do n't want to leave the room . really , really nice place   the rubber duck in the bath be n't my scene but good to know it be there

overview   the conrad hotel in hong kong offer a great location , very good physical facility and outstanding service

this be a five star hotel , make no mistake about it . everything from our arrival at a very late hour to the smooth late check out five days later be impressive . the airline manage to lose my luggage in transit . when i mention this at check in , they send me an     emergency kit    with a few essential in it . the room , the decor and the general ambience of the hotel be all exactly as a hotel of this calibre should be . you do get what you pay for . the only negative thing i will mention however , be that the staff do get a bit above themselves . there be two instance when i be actually tempt to report a couple of the waitress to the duty manager but generally , our stay be very comfortable , restful and we would certainly stay there again . the dulcet tone of the lounge singer in the lobby bar be a welcome respite in the evening along with the slightly potent cocktails . the location above pacific place be perfect for wander around central and admiralty . the restaurant on the lower ground floor be consistently good . breakfast be a little bit of a rip off but this be hk and hotel be expensive across the board , especially the better one

this hotel be just perfect,nothing be less than perfect

the conrad be really a fabulous hotel . service be top notch , all employee be do their best to help and they really make us enjoy our short stay . upon check in , we be upgrade to a small suite , which be a nice attention , as we travel with a young child , and need some extra space for him to run around  

i have a really great time at this hotel . the rooms be comfortable . just use the elevator , i can go shopping at the pacific place . the crispy chicken at the golden leaf be delicious . u should n't miss it

we pick the conrad from the multitude of hotel on trip advisor and be extremely please with the location , the cleanliness , and mostly the amenities . we be hilton honor gold and use our point , and they immediately upgrade us to their top executive floor with a delicious breakfast and snack all day and evening until   pm or dine in their huge buffet downstairs . unlike sheraton that we have have major fight with over this in many cities  see nyc and

stay here for two night in april at the end of a cruise and have an outstanding visit . i choose the hotel specifically because of the excellent review on trip advisor and i be not dissapointed . i book a harbor view room and it be worth it for the view . rooms be beautifully do , especially the all marble bathrooms . as far as the service , this be a first class hotel in every aspect

i just finish my first stay in the conrad , i normally use the shangri la or the mandarin

this be a five star hotel   make no mistake about it . they look after you here and make you feel welcome

my wife and i just return from a   day stay on the executive level of the conrad hong kong . perhaps our biggest mistake be to stay in the intercontinental in kowloon immediately beforehand . the comparison between the level of service and ambiance be stark

i have stay at the conrad about   times or even more and it never fail to please from the comfy bed to the chocolate serve in the evening . the staff at the conrad have always be the most pleasant

this hotel certainly set the benchmark for   star

we recently spend a week at the conrad , hong kong at the end of a two month trip to asia and this stay really finish off our asian sojourn in style ! we be on the   floor face the harbor and just down the hall from the executive lounge . our room include breakfast , either in the lounge or downstairs in the garden cafe which open onto an outside terrace by the gorgeous pool . our room , tho not particularly large be extremely comfortable and very nicely decorate in an oriental motif . the only negative about the room be the fact you could not adjust the airconditioning temperature or air flow and the commode be in a very tiny separate cubicle off the main bath which be awkward and uncomfortable . overall this be an elegant hotel which offer great convenience and outstanding warm yet professional service ! we will certainly stay at the conrad hotel in hong kong and singapore when we return to asia

during my business trip , i stay conrad for   nights . when i walk in corridor , i feel some smody smell . the furniture location be a little bit strange . tv be in the leave hand side , bed in the middle and there be an armchair in the right hand side . so , it be not possible to watch tv on the bed . also , the bathroom be very small

this be an excellent hotel . staff go out of their way to be helpful . the only downside be the size of the rooms but this be typical of hong kong hotel

convenient

i have be lucky enough to stay in this hotel on four occasion now . they have that wonderful knack of make you feel very welcome and special regardless of the hour at which you arrive . the rooms be great , the bathroom fantastic and well appoint   i be lucky enough to be upgrade top the executive floor   and the service friendly , unobtrusive , professional and polish

hong kong be hot and humid much of the year include now , and it it will get hotter and steamier in the summer . give that the rooms start on the   floor and go to the   floor , to have to ride that long from the lobby level in stiflingly hot elevator be frankly enough for me not to stay here again . what be they think

this hotel have great location , it stand above a high end shopping mall , pacific place . look for food be relatively easy . the mtr be underground the shopping mall . basically the hotel boost its convenience

my family stay here every year when they visit hong kong and each time the conrad go above and beyond the highest level of service . attentiveness be comparable to stay at a four season , but friendlier

great stay ! take airport express from airport to hong kong station , then free transfer bus that take you directly to hotel lobby . book use hh point , and be hhgold be upgrade to executive floor , lounge access include tea time with multiple hot and cold snack , free breakfast and happy hour , free local call , comp press service ticket for   piece , also upgrade to harbour view . room spacious , comfortable bed . the service at executive lounge be top . i enjoy happy hour with free drink , see the sunset and how all the building lit up . breakfast be great . great location on top of mall , close to bus,tram , subway station . service be flawless , from the moment we get in and speedy check in , to lounge , room service . fresh flower daily , fruit and chocolate , usa today deliver as request in check in . i will for sure return and recommend . health club be small , but have everything necessary . concierge be helpful

last leg of our honeymoon , spend five night here

stay here prior to a trip to thailand . the hotel be in a good location close to main shopping and eat areas . in fact there be a great shopping centre   mall below the hotel that also have good restaurant too . the hotel itself be in good order and the service from the staff be first class . everyone be exceptionally courteous and nothing be too much trouble . we stay in an executive room on the   floor which have awesome views     you must try it , especially as you also get access to the executive lounge for free breakfast , free wifi , free aftrennon tea with scone and clot cream   jam ! ! ! plus free drink all day and free alchoholic drink   cocktail between       in short , a great hotel with superior service

the conrad hilton in hong kong be an amazing hotel . the food be superb , the staff be fantastic , the rooms be beautiful and the thoughtful details be luxury   fresh flower in bathroom , fresh fruit daily . hot tea deliver to room upon arrival . breathtaking view of the city and connect right to the shopping mall . another reviewer write details of this so i wo n't expand on the location

my wife and i stay here for   days in march . conrad be one of the newer hotel on the hong kong island , next to island shangri la and jw marriott . it 's on top of the pacific place shopping center , a high end shopping complex with restaurant and a cinema . you can also get to the admiralty subway station by walk through the mall , without step outside . it 's about a   minute walk . admiralty be also a public transportation hub where many double decker bus stop , but navigate the bus may be a bit difficult for first time tourist

stay here on hilton honor free night   both outwards an inbound from england to australia . wonderful hotel with spectacular view , when the cloud   mist disappear

stay   night       january on executive level . hong kong be an expensive city so i pay the go rate for this city . service standard outstanding , very comfortable room and excellent restaurant in the hotel . highly

i choose to stay to at conrad hong kong bec i have a pleasant stay in the past in conrad bangkok and another reason be that my usual hotel , the four season and landmark mandarin be fully book for the new year eve period . conrad be consider the upper tier brand of hilton and be differentiate from the usual hilton brand by be more exclusive , more service orient and a higher degree of luxury . at least that â € ™ s what it be suppose to be . how very wrong

what 's good     * hotel that life up to your expectation with impeccable service , great rooms views and in a great location an elevator ride from the metro and one of the most exclusive shopping mall in hk   a short taxi ride to just about anywhere

i stay at the conrad hong kong for one and a half week in november and thoroughly enjoy my stay . the conrad be an excellent hotel that truly deserve its five star rating

i disagree with preciousprincess on her complaints . all room on the executive floor require key access   if the reviewer think she need high security , then she should have book her room on the executive floor . besides , hong kong be one of the safest city in the world

large room with a plasma tv and bose alarm be always a bonus . convenient location to pacific place shopping mall and attentive staff . however the gym and pool be locate on the lobby and basement floor which mean you have to pass through the public area and restaurant to get there . not a very nice look when you be in gym clothes or in a robe with slipper ! i be also very big on security and be surprise to find that you do n't need to insert your room key to get onto the room floors . not one of my favourite hotel in hk . have higher expectation for a conrad name

this be a fantastic hotel because of it 's very convenient location in pacific place the mall . rooms be very spacious , bed and pillow be excellent for good sleep . the staff be also amazing , start right from the doorman

i stay here on the way from macau to london , but i regret i only stay a night . we check in and be upgrade to a suite , so my review be a bit unfair , but i be a regular conrad visitor and service and everything else be what i expect   simply awesome ! highly recommended . a great

i can not speak highly enough about this hotel . aside from the magnificence , it be really the service that set it apart . the staff be extremely attentive , and their attention to detail be outstanding . start with my shoes which they pick up to shine in the evening and deliver on time the next morning , to the snack that they bring in the mid evening    they be make me feel like an emperor

this have to be one of the best hotel i have ever stay in ! completely flawless ! the club lounge be awesome too they actually seat you when you enter . how amazing be that ? the staff be very friendly and always willing to help love you bonnie ! plus you ca n't beat it 's location

while i be not accustom to stay at five star hotel , this hotel have to be in that category . there be virtually nothing to dislike and much to be thrill with

we arrive and everything be like we have hope for

we just stay at this property in hong kong and be extremely satisfy with our stay . this conrad be truly a   star hotel . the staff be very professional and friendly . the room decor comfort be outstanding . first rate gym sauna steam room the executive lounge have an amazing view of the hong kong harbour

i regularly stay at the conrad in hong kong and i have yet to experience a fault . the property be well maintain , the staff be excellently train , and the service be above reproach

i have be stay at this property for   years,and i daresay it be one of the better hongkong hotels . the staff be excellent and make you feel at home . the executive floor lounge be a great place to have meeting , and the cocktail hour just get you go for the evening . the concierge be very helpful . in fact i leave my credit card in a store in kowloon , and they make arrangement to pick it up

this be a superb hotel with a memorable view from the executive lounge . the executive check in be staff by an excellent member of staff who then lead you on for a refresh drink and the excellent view of kowloon . this hotel be the twin of the shangrilah excuse spell which be link by an underground walk way . the hotel lounge on the ground floor be superb for evening drink and provide     a    class background singers . this be a failry large hotel which be best take with a harbour view it really be worth those extra hk   . the rooms be spacious , clean , well equip and efficiently serviced . the hotel provide many restaurant dining option , however there be a particularly good chinese     cafe    style restaurant on the lower ground floor . the taxis be really cheap and the must do 's for us be , star ferry great view of hk island     kowloon , the verandah buffet repulse bay colonial style sunday with band     the best    , the peak be a must and last but not least nyong ping skyrail which lead on to po lin largest outside budha a true five star

i am from hk originally and travel there quite a bit for business . have stay at all the hotel except the four season and the new landmark . i stay at the conrad for   night in early october

hong kong have fabulous hotel and this be one of them . stay on club floor which be   story up , view be incredible , service in lounge privileged , room be completely stock , perfectly quiet , and very comfortable . book early and pay in full so get this incredible hotel for only       night

average business hotel in hk   there be much better one at this rate

my stay in hong kong be make especially amazing by stay at the conrad hk . the room be great with an amazing view of hong kong harbor . and a special mention have to be make of the bathroom ! it be huge with double sinks faucets and a separate shower and bathtub . the shower be make of marble with a perfectly place showhead   i ca n't say enough of how great this shower be ! complimentary fruit , water and chocolate await us in the room after check in . the hotel adjoins the pacific place mall and be convenient to the admiralty train station and also walk distance to victoria 's peak . i use my hilton honor point for this   day stay and have no trouble reserve the room and checking in    gt   check in be especially fast . the gym be well equip and have sufficient treadmills . although this be my favorite hotel on my trip to   asian city , i probably would not have stay here have i not be able to use my point for the room , as the rates be particularly high . nonetheless , i will certainly seek out this and other conrad for both business and pleasure trip

excellent experience and accomodations . note that i be a hilton honor diamond vip level guest which may affect my experience

have live in hk for three years we choose the conrad as our last place to stay before leave

the conrad be locate above pacific place shopping centre on hong kong island , approximately   minutes walk from the star ferry and peak tram . our room be on the   floor with excellent view of the harbour and be spacious and smartly decorated . pleasant pool area and outdoor cafe bar

i stay in the conrad hong kong twice on my way to and from mainland china in april   with two other work colleague

i travel to shanghai last may for a wed and want to take advantage of be in china so i opt to travel solo to hong kong for a few days . since i would be celebrate my birthday i want to pick the best place possible . i be also travel solo and want to feel safe in a place where i know no one and could not speak the language

i stay at the conrad for just one night , but be extremely impress with the level of service . i arrive in hong kong late on a sunday with meeting the next day in shenzhen and an expire china travel visa . the concierge be extremely helpful    take care of my visa and rebooking my flight out of shenzhen . i be upgrade to an executive room on the top floor with a fabulous view , and i find the complimentary breakfast in the executive lounge on the   floor to be excellent . the staff be very attentive . i be absolutely stay here again . they even bring me a second stuff bear i find the first tuck into my bed on arrival so each of my kid can get one

we be big fan of the conrad chain , our list trip be the conrad bangkok . the conrad hong kong be locate in the admiralty area of hong kong , which be pretty centrally locate , but moreso from a business standpoint than for tourism . have say that , however , it be very easy to get around hong kong and we stay at this hotel for tourism without any problem you can literally walk everywhere if you want , there be a subway stop across the street , and there be buses trams very nearby

conrad hong kong exceed our expectations . great location , easily accessible , clean and comfortable . most important the bed be great ! the lobby have a gorgeous christmas tree for the holidays . i be impress with the details fresh flower in the room , rubber ducky and bath salt in the bath , teddy bear on the bed , turndown service , robe and nice slippers not flimsy

i have book this hotel from online [      ] the price be quite good for us . i book the standard room . it be quite big room , i like the room because i can see the harbour , very beautiful . the hotel be incredible great service and personal assistant service at the lobby

i visit hong kong regularly and stay at the conrad   times . the check in process be always fast and efficient . i always book the mountain view room   be their standard room and everytime i have positive experience . however , i can not call this hotel perfect as the room size be small and although everything else seem to look right , the general decor and furniture be dated . conrad seriously need a big round of refurbishment in their rooms if they not start planning to do so   to really make the guest ' money worth

the conrad hong kong be one of the best hotel i have ever experience any where in the world . i travel   or   days per week on the average so to say the least i be extremely satisfy with this hotel . we book a normal room and where upgrade to a suite with a bay view . i be sure this be because i be a hilton diamond . the breakfast on the executive floor be outstanding . also do not miss the drink and finger food start at       pm . the staff at the hotel bring you to your room upon arrival and get you acquanited with the hotel . nice touch ! we stay for three night and wish it cold have be longer . take the airport express train from the airport and then go to     bus at the central station . this be the easiest and fastest way to get to hotel . our room be just finish be remodeled . i recommend this hotel to business or leisure traveller

i have stay in the conrad before , always on the executive floor , and always think     this be the way to run a hotel     the room in which i stay have be newly redecorate , and with few exception be perfect , in terms of comfort , charm , sophistication , and pleasantness . the staff be     predictably conrad,    in that my need be anticipate as much as they be met . the service be quiet , elegant , and unassuming , yet it be very much evident and professional . my spouse accompany me on this trip , and she , too , be extremely impress with the property and the staff . in a city of great hotel , this one continue to be great . i stay here because i be a hilton diamond member , and i am already look forward to my next visit to this very quietly and tastefully sophisticated hotel

stay for   night recently and be disappointed . customer service be lack and perfunctory when offer , smile be at a premium , decor significantly date and food very average . only redeem feature be proximity to the mtr station and good food court in shopping mall underneath . try the shangrila next door , the new mandarin oriental or the four season for about the same price range

stay at the conrad hong kong twice for   and   days in july and august   the hotel be currently renovate the rooms locate in the top floor above sort of   . the old rooms have a greenish design do not stay in one of these but be offer one with bay side view and the renovate rooms have a very pleasant yellowish design . so , finally we select non renovated room on the executive floor for our first stay and a renovate room for our second stay . the non renovated have standard tv and furniture as you can see from picture in other post , and the renovate rooms have new furniture , include a flat screen   ' tv , and a separate dvd player that 's particularly pleasant if you stay for long as you may want to just go downstairs to the mall and pick up a dvd to watch from hong kong records . rooms be very well isolate from noise enable a very quiet sleep no matter what , the air con be non intrusive , and the marble bathroom be very pleasant with double sink and a toilet behind a door that closes . staff be very pleasant , and as mention in other post , service be top notch at this hotel . example include airport pick up charge , tea immediately upon arrival and possibility to view and choose your room i guess that only apply to gold and diamond hhonors member . we also try the restaurant on the   floor , which despite be very pricey deserve its reputation of best italian in hong kong

we stay at the conrad hong kong at the end of our three week vacation to china . i be not impress with this hotel and think the service be sub par at best . i be a hilton diamond member too

this be probably one of the best property under the hilton honours umbrella where you can cash in your point for a great category   hotel stay . i try the hilton paris and hilton milan use my point but they be not even half as nice as this hotel as a diamond card holder , they even upgrade my redemption stay to the executive floor spontaneously and offer many extra benefit , such as complimentary breakfast , free canepes and drink at the clubroom , for which champagne be also on offer , free daily press     newspaper etc . the hotel staff really treat you as a vip

my husband and i stay at conrad hk during our last   days after have work and live in hk for   years . we be impress by the service and polite staff mainly julian the doorman and solomon the bellboy . love the chocolate they place in a bamboo dimsum     box    everynight . enjoy our stay in a full sea view room . not a family oriented hotel , ideal for business traveller and discern traveller

just complete my third stay at this conrad    three days in length . i travel to asia   times a year from the state and last year switch to the conrad from the pen for two reason   first , i decide for   to consolidate all travel to stay at hilton property , and second , a business partner live in hk recommend i try it . suffice it to say , each visit meet or exceed my requirements . the service be exactly what you 'd expect from a   asian property   in a word , stellar . from bellman to concierge to check in to chamberstaff , everyone encounter seem genuinely commit to the guest 's satisfaction with their stay

i stay at the conrad hotel for a business trip , originally for   nights . it look and feel like a hotel that have not be renovate since the early   's . i stay in hotel all the time , and be excite to try the conrad . i stay on the executive floor the top floor , which seem to smell like noodle all day and all night . there be not very much excitment in the club lounge , and food be very ordinary . the other review be all accurate   the view be great and the location be excellent . the service be good . but the hotel seem to desperately need a facelift . it certainly be not     chic    if that be what you be look for . and for the price   on par with the four season and mandarin oriental   i would have expect much more . my view be that you should not come all the way to hong kong , pay     for a room , and then feel like it be ordinary

stay at the conrad for   days in june   although have to say we actually stay in the service apartment own by the hotel in the same building rather than the hotel itself as due to a full hotel we be move there with our agreement so perhaps my comment be n't entirely on the conrad hotel itself . i have to say if give the opportunity to stay in these apartment   just do it , they vare tremendous , although we do n't really use it this be a superior kitchen to most service apartment i have seen . the apartment itself be a large dining lounge area , kitchen , bedroom , bathroom and entrance foyer  just wonderful to have so much space . view be not of the harbour but up towards the peak so still spectacular

love the conrad , hong kong . good location to be in . access to the mrt via the shopping mall below the hotel . great service . rooms be large , plush and very clean . breakfast be amazing   spoil for choice . i only have one day here but wish i have more time . it be good to stay on the hong kong island side as you can travel into kowloon for shopping and site see during the day and back near the hotel for the night life of lang kwai fong . will definately be go back !

i recently stay at the conrad during my first trip to hong kong and i think it be excellent with a great location in pacific place mall which have an mtr . the room be a good size with amazing view overlook kowloon the bathroom be spacious with a separate shower and bath and the bed be really comfy the hotel restaurant seem very expensive but with so much choice down in the mall and over in kowloon we never feel the need to eat here

the conrad be an excellent hotel . i enjoy every night of my stay here . service be impeccable

stay at the conrad for   night on holiday with the wife . not cheap , but worth every penny . nothing seem to be too much trouble from the second we arrive until when we departed . the room be fabulous with a great view of the harbour , hugely comfortable bed and great bathroom . we come back early from a shopping trip and the room be be serviced . the maid ask us for proof of who we be   great to think that all of their staff be focus on security as well as service . great breakfast , great concierge , really could n't fault it and would definitely , definitely stay there again

we choose to stay at the conrad at the start of an extend holiday and it set the standard for everywhere else that we visit

i could find no fault in my recent visit to the conrad hotel in hong kong . the room be excellent , the bathroom be fantastic , and the service superb . i have a great view over the harbour , and on one night decide to have room service in my room because no restaurant nearby would likely match the view i have

what a wonderful place ! the rooms and bathroom be perfect , and the staff be so attentive and polite . we could n't have ask for better  

this be one of hong kong 's several high end luxury hotel that predominantly cater to business traveller in the central district . however , my wife and i greatly enjoy our four night stay for leisure as part of our recent asia trip . the hotel be exactly what you would want and expect from a five star , big city hotel

my wife and i stay at this hotel over the holiday season . i have stay at this hotel previously on business trip and have always find its location as a convenient one . apparently , this location be also fine for vacationer

i travel to hong kong bi weekly and a good night 's rest be very important to me . i previously always stay at the ritz due to the wonderful service and intimate rooms

the conrad hong kong be a wonderful experience from check in to check out . the lobby be modern

i stay at the conrad for the couple of time . the last time nov .   , i get a room on a higher floor   . the decoration be so elegant but relaxed . all amenties be for guest to feel at home . room attendant be also highly train and they have a high service mind . the location be perfect , in the pacific place , a paridise for any shopper

i be travel alone and get upgrade to a club level room . have breakfast on the   floor be an experience i be look forward to repeat

we stay at the conrad for   night , while visit hk to sight see and visit friends . we find the hotel to be excellent . the room be very clean and a good size , with a great bathroom . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the hotel be in an excellent location . it be next to hong kong park , which be a quiet oasis , but within a few minutes walk of the aberdeen mtr station , which mean very quick and inexpensive access to most area

fantastic hotel as you will have see from the other reviews . nice touch like the teddy bear by the bed and the duck by the bath

the conrad be a wonderful hotel that i would recommend to anyone visit hong kong . the room be spacious and immaculate and the bed be extremely comfortable   even better than the famed bed at the four seasons . everyone be extremely polite and courteous . the hotel be also conveniently locate near the subway and shopping center . i would definitely go back

