my sister and i stay at cosmo for   nights . we arrive at the hotel at around   am . we be inform that our room be upgrade to a superior room from a standard room . i appreciate the staff for do this upgrade without our ask for it . my room have a street view which face the front of the hotel on the   floor . my room have   twin size bed with down comforter and no unpleasant smell . room size be small but typically for a room in hong kong hotel unless you be willing to pay more . restroom have a stand up shower , and provide some complimentary amenities such as toothbrush , small toothpaste , shower cap , sanitary plastic bag , hand lotion , body wash and shampoo . i complete a survey with a service manager on my second night and receive complimentary fruit every day after that . there be also   bottle of water free for guest every day . at one point i have   bottle of water in my room free of charge because i ‚ Ä ô have ask for more . the manager also help me make some copy free of charge . there be also a computer in the hotel lobby for hotel guest to use free of charge . free wifi can be access in the lobby and   floor

stay here for   night recently , book it after look at their website

the cosmo be ok , we be in hk for a night last minute and we be look for fun without huge costs . the cosmo be clean and the staff be pleasant . the only negative about the room be we ask for non smoking and we could definitely smell smoke but we be too tired to go through the hassle to change . the location be not great . about a   min to times square which be really the closest landmark to the hotel and no mtr or tram station nearby so it be awkward to get around . it 's on a very busy , fast corner so hard to get a taxi as well . decent value for the hotel but poor location if you be look to step out the door and walk to lkf soho times square

my partner and i stay at the cosmo for two weeks . i have family in hk and have stay in many different hotel , but i find this one to be my favourite . my partner have never be to hk before and he be really please with the hotel , the service and the location . the only thing i will say about it be that the rooms be small but perfectly form and if you be stay for a long time like us two week it can get a bit cramped . say that though we be only in the room to sleep so it be managable . also the bar downstairs be really expensive , but again we only have one drink in there as there be an impromptu thunder storm that we be wait out before head out of the hotel

a two week business trip so on my own in a hotel , not always the best

stay here for   nights . very clean , all staff friendly and helpful . i be on the top floor   , view of hong kong hill and happy valley

although it take about   to walk to times square and there be no mtr nearby . there be a free shuttle where you can catch from its sister hotel , cosmopolitan hotel , which be next door , and run every  

i book this hotel because i be look for something decent , inexpensive and close to causewaybay . consider i am only stay one night

after stay at the cosmo , it all make sense as to why this hotel would be sharing it 's back wall with a cemetery  a longer stay may just have you end up on the other side

good friend of mine post pic of their recent trip in hk earlier this year . the picture of the hotel where they stay at be what catch my attention . it seem like their room be cozy , clean , and well designed . you would n't even notice the size of the room . i ask them where it be and they say it be their favorite hotel and have stay there a couple of times already . now , when i go to hk , i usually stay at the kowloon side . i know you other tourists travelers out there understand why . so for my   time this year go to hk , i decide to try this hotel   cosmo . it 's a   minute walk from causeway bay mtr station and   minutes away from the peak tram and ocean park via taxi . it 's my girlfriend 's first time out of the country and in hk so i want to make it memorable for her . cosmo do a great job help me do it . from the book preparation , down to the hotel airport transfer ,   accommodation indeed ! clean room . and i mean clean . good breakfast buffet . though i ca n't say its the best , but it hit the spot ! the staff be awesome to say the least . very professional and accommodating . the marketing trainee i email with during my book , the front desk staff , the little lady who do housekeep every morning , the concierge , and most of all the bartender .   thumb up to you all ! will definitely stay there again in our next visit . and , like my friend who recommend cosmo to me , i invite you all to visit cosmo hotel and experience what they have to offer . who know , it might be you who would be write a blog like this in the near future ! cheer

  be our second consecutive year visit hong kong . we also enjoy cosmo that much we also book for the second time . situate next door to the happy valley race course , cosmo be a nice clean , cool and modern hotel . staff be very helpful and approachable . the rooms be modern and invite with various colour scheme to choose from , whichever take your mood

for the price you pay , it 's worth it

the location of the hotel be very nice . in   minutes you be in the main street where you can grab a taxi or the tram . the rooms be not so big , but confortable , clean and trendy ! great price quality relationship

i be expect quite a lot from this hotel since it be rate as four star , although in reality i would class it as a nice three star hotel . the hotel be very new , and the reception be spangly although small . it feel like the hotel be design with younger people in mind

i spend   night at the cosmo hotel in june   the rooms be cute and very clean with an extremely comfortable bed and pillow , but be warn , the room be tiny ! fine for a solo traveler but for a couple , maybe a lot of bump around . there 's a shuttle bus a few door down at the cosmopolitan hotel that be very convenient and timely , otherwise it be a   minute sweaty walk to times sq . also , cosmo 's location be not ideal for flagging down taxi 's head toward the city center it 's on the wrong side of the street . the hotel staff be helpful the first few times but after a few days they be send me across the street to find one myself . the hotel bar be fairly empty the night i be there so i could take my laptop with me and enjoy the free wifi with my drink . free wifi be also available in the lobby and   floor terrace where you can smoke but i be lucky enough to get the wifi signal in my room   floor , terrace side . oh yeah , my windows be cover so i could n't see out , but the sun still shone though . fair trade for wifi . the biggest drawback be the lack of food option around the hotel . eat before head back , otherwise you 're in for a   minute walk or taxi ride

stay here for two night follow two week trip to china . staff be great   very friendly and helpful . concierge be very quick to explain all of the shuttle bus route which i use extensively during my stay . rooms be small but comfortable . after what i experience as a budget traveler in china , i be really happy the aircon and bathroom work consistently ! the bar be surprisingly lively in the evening , fill with fellow traveler as well as some local who stop by after the wednesday night horse race at happy valley . breakfast be okay value   choice be a bit limited but quality be fine

we stay at this hotel during a recent trip to hk to visit some family . we have the standard room which come with a queen bed , a small desk , a tv hang on the wall , and a reasonably size bathroom . positive include the cleanliness , the diligence of the chambermaid staff , the quality of service , and the free shuttle service to neighbor district and mtr stations . of note , the shuttle service be prompt and on time and we rely on it several times a day throughout our trip . we find our room rate on hotels ca and be very happy with what we get in general . other perk include in the room rate include a credit at the foot spa next door , and the restaurant at the larger cosmopolitan hotel do n't go to the maison restaurant , its not worth it even with the discount . the major drawback we find be that internet be not include in the room rate , and run an extra       day . free wifi can be find on the   floor lounge or in the lobby but its very inconvenient . you can also purchase internet time by the hour which come at a cost of    

i book from internet on cosmo 's excellent website that show floor plan of room , different pricing option etc . give me confidence that this hotel be well managed . indeed immediately on arrival service at the front desk etc . be excellent . concierge give me important tip for find what i want to buy , front desk staff print out details for a museum i want to visit etc .   floor outdoor terrace be great , with free coffee and tea available and we buy our own drink from the bar on the ground floor . the main cosmopolitan hotel at the corner provide all other necessary services   shuttle bus excellent   restaurant etc . most of all , give hong kong price , the cost be very reasonable for the good size room and quality service . classic five star service at four star price

a cute little hotel in queen 's road east . i check in cosmo in the

the room be relatively big and very comfortable . we ask for additional pillow and it be deliver very quickly up to our room

we choose the cosmo for our second ever holiday in hk largely because of the fact we want a hotel with a boutique feel , that be good for large familes , affordable and which have have some good review on site such as this one . we do n't care about the view or a pool as we would be stay at the renassance harbuor view later in the holiday

we live in bejing for a year and it be the first time i buy my twin boy to meet my parent in law who live in south africa . we decide to meet up in hk and book at cosmo hotel . the hotel be put the special rate under     service apartment    which heavily discount the room rate for weekly stay . so , if you stay there over a week , search their     service apartment    which give you the best value for money . we stay at the oranged color   bedroom suite which have a silvery colour pantry with light cooking facility . they have even prepare two baby high chair and some soft toy in the room for my boy ! front office staff and the bellboy be very helpful . we love cosmo hotel

this be my first time in asia ‚ Ä ì hong kong and i have literally spend   hours in front of the desk to check out hotel deals . i finally select the cosmo hotel as it be affordable , modern and centrally locate

important note

trendy hotel that be clean and inexpensive . i feel very safe there and like the location  it be close to the happy valley racetrack which you should definitely go to if you have the chance . while it be very central , it be so convenient to a lot of transportation . plus , taxis be super cheap

great hotel esp for the price !

we be two active , fairly sophisticated traveler from l .a . who stay for three night at the cosmo . we be very happy we choose to stay on hk island over kowloon and think the hotel 's location be very convenient not to mention the hotel offer free shuttle to various place around the city . hong kong be not a friendly city overall , but you would n't know it base on the treatment we receive from hotel staff . the staff at both the cosmo as well as at the neighbor cosmopolitan hotel be fantastic . everyone from the assistant manager to the bartender go out of their way to make our stay special . stay in hk island be expensive but the cosmo provide an affordable alternative and we feel it be a good value for the price  this be not a really plush hotel , but it be very comfortable . plus , we be able to put some of the money we save on lodge and lower transportation costs towards other activity , since everything in hk be expensive . we would definitely recommend the hotel to other traveler , especially if you be look to really enjoy the city feel of hong kong

this hotel be the little brother of the cosmopolitan hotel in hong kong but seem to be better value for money . we tell the staff we be on honeymoon so they let us have an upgrade for free , however , the room be really tiny , so we ca n't imagine what our original room must have be like . the rooms be very elegant and clean and tidy , but the size be a bit of a problem for us as we have so much luggage for our round the world honeymoon

our stay at cosmo be more than comfortable when it come to the rooms , cleanliness and installations . as for the service , however , the very contrary . the reception staff be mostly unhelpful , and reluctant to provide us aid when in need

very clean and elegant hotel . tiny rooms but who care , marvellous staff , and a nice bar with live music and good too ! every night till   be and you can smoke there   until september , when the total smoke ban be put into effect in hong kong

situate on a the busy queens rd east road , but not let that worry you . this hotel be the little sister of the bigger cosmopolitan hotel ,   door down the hill . locate close enough to be able to get to everthing , but just on the edge of the city that its not crowd with tourists . two minutes walk to the bigger cosmopolitan hotel to use their complimentary shuttle bus , or   minutes walk to wan chai train station exit   be the easiest to use . the tram outside happy valley race course be at the end of the road . bus to stanley just up the road . service be excellent , staff be great and know what they be do

after reading several review for this hotel , decide to book an executive room for our   week stay in hong kong and be not disappoint

boutique hotel be under the spot light when modern traveler go on trips . cosmo hotel be cool , hip and colorful brighten up your journey . staff be friendly and welcoming . i love their bar on the lobby their bar manager be such a wonderful guy give us travel tip and how to get the best out of hong kong

among many place i stay in hong kong i definitely should say cosmo hotel be one of the best . i love the colored theme of the rooms , and the staff be very helpful

great hotel for a good price . the staff have a well deserve reputation for friendlines and be helpful . even the waitress at breakfast be help me plan my day

i have visit hong kong mostly for business on several occasions , and this be my first stay at cosmo hotel and i love it

i have stay in this hotel for   times and to be honest , i love this hotel very much . what i can experience be all about the quality service of this hotel , staff be really friendly and helpful , and they just go out of their way to help ! room be clean and tidy , in fact , there be one point i would like to highlight for this hotel be their nooch bar , what a wonderful place for relaxation with stylish decoration , comfortable atmosphere . especially the specially design cage style table provide private space for gathering , you can enjoy different kind of cocktail while listen to the great song from life band . anyway , believe or not it be my   home in hong kong . last but not least , the location be very convenient that they have provide free shuttle bus to major area on hk island for shopping or business purpose

if you be look for a hotel room the size of stamp , people who smoke even on non smoking floor and bed so hard you could be sleeping on cement and pay the same amount as stay at a nice hotel   stay here ! this be the hotel for you ! ! !   the only nice thing i can say is    the manager augustine be try so hard but you could see in eyes that even he be embarressed by this hotel . good luck   go to jia and pay   usd more . its worth it ! ! ! we go to the w hotel in kowloon and still pay for our room here . but my back could n't take the bed

be my first solo trip i be a little apprehensive but check review before book

by little i mean our room be quite small , though there 's really nothing else to complain about . we stay for a few night and our room be clean and towel change daily . breakfast have a nice variety of western bacon    eggs , croissant , cereal etc and asian dim sum breakfast

i stay in cosmo hotel , which be the sister hotel of cosmopolitan hotel . the   hotel be locate right next to each other . at the point of book , there be a special internet offer on the hotel 's website . the superior room be be offer at   exc .     tax

i love the hotel ! very nice room , good service and nice location

hong kong be the final destination of two week holiday . i spend three night at the cosmo hotel follow a tour of the chinese mainland . the hotel on the mainland have higher star rating but i be far happier with the service at the cosmo than i be at any of the   * hotel ! ok , obviously the bedroom be smaller , the bathroom less luxurious and there be less choice at breakfast but    what a wonderful welcome especially from yannick the guest services manager . there be fantastically helpful staff throughout the hotel and the bar be friendly with free wifi access for those who have their laptop . the hotel be impeccably clean , have a great free shuttle bus service and there be brilliant view from my room   which overlook the happy valley racecourse . the staff give me idea for sightsee the usual place and also slightly off the beaten track . they write down the bus numbers and even show me where i could get the local bus from . i would have no hesitation in recommend the cosmo and if i ever return to hong kong it would be my first choice

sit at the far end of queen ‚ Ä ô s road east near the happy valley racecourse , the cosmo hotel be nestle between its ‚ Ä ô sister property , the cosmopolitan , and a sikh temple . the location be convenient to times square and the causeway bay shopping district , or you can take a short walk in the opposite direction into wan chai . we stay here four night over new year ‚ Ä ô s and can recommend this hotel as a moderately price option that deliver on its ‚ Ä ô promise

i wish to report to you that we truly enjoy our stay at cosmo hotel from   hotel be not only new , it be also very clean , comfortable and convenient to move from one place to another place . the hotel also provide free shuttle bus service to and fro town area and airport station which really help alot in move around . of course for those who wish to do more walk , it be only   walk to time square or causeway bay in short whether you take bus or walk , it be that convenient . we be so thankful that we be uograded to studio room without any extra cost though we have book the superior room for the   stay we actually get this promotion from zuji which i will encourage those who wish to book reasonable and good hotel to book through zuji for those who wish to stay in a budget hotel and somewhere in hongkong island and near town area , i would encourage you to go for this hotel if i be to go back to hong kong again,i wish to go back to this hotel again hope this review will give you better idea re this hotel . review by michael     angela

i be a frequent traveler to hong kong , and i choose to stay in this hotel on every trip . the staff be outstanding    friendly , helpful , professional , and hospitable . the staff have go out of their way on numerous occasions to be sure that my need be take care of . the rooms be spotlessly clean , the bed linen be what you would find at a five star hotel , and the amenities in the rooms water , robe , tea coffee maker , etc . be generous . the hotel have a chic and trendy flavor about it , and the decor be stylish and updated . i hesitate to tell everyone about this hotel , lest it be full when i next come to hong kong , but i would be do them a disservice if i do not share what a treasure this hotel and staff are . even though i would prefer to be where my business be in kowloon , i simply will not stay in any other hotel when i come to hong kong . it be my home away from

the hotel be just a ok . nothing to expect too much

it be our first time in hong kong and i ‚ Ä ô have book into cosmo hotel with my brother for a week . the hotel be just what be claim to be a boutique hotel , very cozy and stylish with a modern twist . the room we stay in be compact but anyway we be out most of the time for sightsee and experience the city

my stay at cosmo hotel be everything that i be look for . i find the hotel to be well furnished , clean , and well located . the staff be helpful , thoughtful , and courteous . overall , great value for money

it 's a nice , reasonably price hotel , give that its on hk island and   walk from times square and happy valley nice neighbourhood with a racecourse . we stay in a superior double for a week and like it . it be clean , tidy , smart look good size room . the receptionist be friendly and helpful . i ‚ Ä ô would happily stay here again but there be two things you should be aware of

stay here during part of a month long trip to china and find it lovely ! staff be very pleasant and helpful and speak good english . rooms be small but cosy   have tv include bbc world , clean bathroom , comfortable bed and the room service fold my pjamas every morning aww ! . we be on quite a high floor and have a good view over the happy valley race course , along with a muslim graveyard haha . be in a very good location   about   minutes walk from times square and the causeway bay wan chai area so easy to get to the trams mtr . i 'd definately go back recommend to ppl

two year ago i do n't find many boutique hotel in hong kong but when i recently visit there again , i find many option ! consider location and price , i check into cosmo hotel and definitely worth applaud

we stay   night at the cosmo and overall it be a comfortable experience . room be small but this be hong kong so we have expect it ! not bad for the price we get a good deal on the ba website . the rooms be clean and pretty funky . the best thing be the bathroom with its powerful shower , just what you need after a day 's walk in the hustle and bustle of the city . the room have no window though only a frost pane as i think our room overlook the graveyard at the back which be n't a problem unless you think about it too much ! however , there be rooms which look onto the main road , so worth checking ahead to see where your room be likely to be if you prefer some natural light

i just return from   night at the cosmo .   the bed be incredibly uncomfortable and have cause me to have back     neck pain the entire time . also , the sheet have some long black hair in it     i be n't entirely sure it be fresh   staff be surly upon check in and border on be rude . basically throw my key card at me . at the same time that the couple next to me be check in to a lower category room , be upgrade , with free internet and breakfast    i book the executive room and get nothing like this . i inquire about it and it be follow up by a phone call tell me they pay more than i did . very strange service . upon check out they be more pleasant   only   non smoking floor and the air con be connect so when someone smoke in their room it come into yours . i have to move for the   night   the lowest set on the aircon be quite high , so your choice be freeze or no air movement .   amenities be random . my first room be kitted out well , the second only have half the amount . i be not sure if the water be complimentary or not .   upon request they bring me an iron     iron board , well at first just an iron board , but it be do very quickly    the front desk could learn how to be more pleasant from their very nice housekeep staff .   the lobby really smell like old pine disinfectant cover up bar smell   which be not what you want to be greet with   the shower be really good     strong  however , the hairdryer be useless   it blew out weak cold air . on a final note , i have the misfortune to get an orange grey room . i see a yellow room while it be be clean and look much nicer , it be a bit of a walk to the mtr , but walk in hk be very easy     well signpost . taxis be fairly easy to get i use them     of time but the hotel be not easy to get to ,as the taxis have to go out of their way to make u turns . i would not recommend this hotel but i would n't say do n't stay here either , just do n't expect too much . i think their   rating be a bit far reaching   more like a   star hotel . the computer in the room be nice if i have n't bring my laptop . also i think the photo on their website be incredibly misleading

this year be my   birthday , and my boyfriend and i stay in hong kong for three days prior to fly to thailand for the remainder of our holiday . the cosmo be very small , but hey , how much room do you need to shower and sleep ! the bed be very comfy , and the shower be great . the room be spotlessly clean . the staff be very friendly and very helpful . the hotel be very well place with regard to get place , and they have a free shuttle bus which will take you back and forth to the main part anyway . but on say that , the cab be soooo cheap ! we find the place so clean and so british   really do n't know what else i be expect to be truthful ! must admit , the food tend to be a little bit pricey , but top quality . electrical item prove to be a bit on the expensive side too . the ferry to kowloon be a must . the difference between the two place be chalk and cheese ! absolutely love the place , and would definitely go back

stay at this hotel on the last week of february . i have a superior room and the room be small . i be ask to upgrade to an executive room for about   more a night , i declined . the bed feel like a hard piece of wood be under the matteress . it be not comfortable at all . the sheet and comforter be not very new , this look like there use to be white but somehow be beige after some many washing . the wall be very thin and you can hear people next door and the door to the room slam very loudly . only plus for the room be that there be a mini frig , previous hotel we stay at have none , ac work great , tv have a couple of english speak channels . the breakfast buffet be ok , the selection be not that great . the front desk be a little rude when ask them questions . a major plus for this hotel be that there be shuttle service provide by the hotel to different area , every hour . you have to go the sister hotel in order to use the shuttle but its no issue since its very close . i would suggest stay at the sister hotel which be the cosmopolitan hotel . it would have be only a few dollar more than the cosmo hotel for us , but the pic on the website make us choose the cosmo , it look so modern and chic . it be just off for us on the modern and chic . the cosmopolitan hotel look a little more put together

contemporary hotel but room be very small . pretty much everything be tiny in the room from bed to washroom . view of cemetary might be a little creepy for some . location be not bad   hk be a small city so nothing be really     that    far away

the hotel be fine    it have a very luxurious ambience  i be there few days ago for a business trip and we have choose the hotel for my shelter    the room be big and the food be excellent  the service be ok , not high class type of service though coz some of my request have not be urgently attend to , but over all , it be great    my stay have be worth while and i will however take into consideration choose cosmo again next time .

i like the cosmo hotel . it be very fresh and trendy . the hotel staff be helpful . wan chai be within walk distance of the hotel and the happy valley race track be close by . the rooms be small compare to other hotel we have stay in . i would also recommend you know your travel companion very well , as you can see into the bathroom from the bedroom in the superior rooms . i would recommend you book the superior rooms if you like a view , as the cheaper rooms may have no view or a view of the wall of the graveyard that be behind the hotel

my fiance and i stay at the cosmo hotel from       i research neighbor hotel in causeway bay and feel this be the cheapest for     per night , give that it be relatively new . the room be small , tidy     clean . i do n't expect it to be large or even nice give the review i read about hotel in hong kong . afterall , i would spend most of the time explore the city and only go back to the hotel room to change and sleep . i expect it to be sufficient for the price i pay and be pleasantly surprise to find it trendy and efficient . the bathroom be literally the size of a closet . it 's ridiculously small . i feel claustrophobic when i be shower and i am a tiny girl . i enjoy the free internet access in the room . the only concern be the location of the hotel . i need to go down an underpass to walk over to times square about a       minute walk . this feel unsafe to me but i have my guard up be that i am from nyc     go into any underpass in an unknown city feel unsafe . the windows in the room fog up several times but that 's probably due to the weather in march . it be very humid , foggy     moist in the room after a shower or if you stay in the room overnight . the bed itself be firm and i feel comfortable during my entire stay

we stay at the cosmo last year after look all over for a cheap hotel online . this one be one of the cheapest we could find but we werent disappoint at all . the hotel be very modern and stylish and all the staff be very friendly . the room we have be a basic room , it be small with fog out windows i guess it be to mask the view of the famous cemetary behind the hotel . the rooms size wasnt off putting at all as whoever design it really account for space save issues    and after all , who want to go on holiday and spend all day in the room ? ? after all , all you need be a clean room , comfortable bed , good air condition , and a nice bathroom    the cosmo more than deliver

when i walk into the hotel lobby , i guess it give the expection of the room . the lobby be small , practical and trendy . we walk to the reception desk and we be greet by a friendly staff

i like the cosmo    it be n't cheap but not a bad value for hong kong and it have some nice style in the rooms . i really like the free high quality coffee machine that be available   in the   floor lounge . we book a superior room because the website make it look like the basic room do n't really have an exterior window   i am not sure if that 's true but our room have a nice city view . we also take advantage of their shuttle bus a fair bit which be actually next door at the cosmopolitan . other review have complain about the size of the rooms be tiny but i think it be totally adequate although the bathroom be tiny

as my partner and i be in hong kong for a romantic weekend i think i would splash out and get a nice hotel . the advertisement for the cosmo look great , so i decide to go for an executive room . basically , it be smaller than most budget rooms i have stay in , and only marginally nicer . the bathroom be cramp , breakfast be n't even include at the rate of us     for   night , the staff at reception be rude and i feel completely rip off . there be no facility , i have no idea how they feel they can charge these type of rates ? i would definitely not recommend anyone stay there unless they can get a very cheap rate

stay at the cosmo , the sister hotel of the giant group the cosmopolitian hotel in hong kong

avoid this hotel at all costs . it 's over price , the rooms be the smallest i have ever see in my life i know rooms be small in hong kong but this be a joke

my husband and i stay at the cosmo hotel over a weekend in early october . the rooms be very small and the staff unfriendly . location be not close to much except the hk convention centre abt   min cab ride . it be a   min walk to the nearest train station wan chai and food outlet be near the station . we pay hkd   +     tax and yet have a tiny room . we have previously stay in many hotel in hk and this have the be the worst value for money give the service level and room size

stay at their sister hotel , the cosmopolitan , in march and think it would be a similar experience . quite the opposite . the rooms be very , very small and on one side they face the cemetary . they use frost window to try to cover it up . we pay a little extra to switch to a bigger room . the room have a computer with internet access and come with breakfast everyday . the bathroom be be extremely small . there be no room to put any tolietries in the bathroom or to move around

it cost me     hk dollar  night for a room that be the size of my own bathroom . the room be all cover by white paint . location be inconvience . however they do have shuttle bus that circle between causeway bay subway station time square and several different location . i be seriously doubt about that   star rating which they post at hotel .com . over all be a very bad deal

i choose the hotel because i be attend a convention at the hk convention and exhibition centre and the hotel provide free shuttle bus to . the other reason be because cosmo have a studio room which could accomodate   adult , an absolute rarity in hk . i do not want to put in an extra bed and lose all walk space , know how tiny hk hotel rooms be

the cosmo boutique hotel be an affordable and convenient hotel to stay in wan chai . i be there for   days in august . there be a special promotion for book through the internet before the end of the month and i get it real cheap . the hotel room be cosy and to my suprise be not that small as i expect it to be

totally agree with the review write by     ballina    below . think of write something but i think that review have pretty much cover everything

i choose the cosmo hotel because of it ‚ Ä ô s great location right next to the happy valley race track , free wifi in the lobby , free shuttle bus to the hong kong airport express and other mtr stations and because of it ‚ Ä ô s look  

wow wow wow , this be my first experience to stay in a ‚ Ä ú boutique hotel ‚ Ä ù and it ‚ Ä ô s totally so different ! ! i have hear my other friend mind me the possible tiny room size in hong kong , and they be no liars . but well , at least it ‚ Ä ô s far better than those in japan ‚ Ä

we be unimpressed by the musty , damp , smoky , unclean smell of the rooms and the elevator have a very strong whiff of sewage many guest be comment on this at the time of our stay

do n't expect the great design hotel , they be exaggerate a little on that . but it be a nice place to stay , especially for the price we be pay around   euro per night

there 're not many boutique hotel in hong kong perhaps still a new trend , cosmo , be one of the few , be definitely the one worth applaud

while i stop over hong kong on enter china ,

the whole place be so pretentious it can almost make you nautious . they try to keep an image of a     trendy,        stylish,        posh    place to stay . do not buy into that . all that pretense do n't go any farther than the lobby

i be pretty disappoint with this hotel ! i am not sure whether that be down to the fact that i have spend the previous   night at the mo excelisor before spending   night here or whether it just be a pretty bad hotel

stay here with my wife in november for three nights . the deal through expedia be just under ¬ £   a night . early flight so get to hotel at about   , they let us check in early and the room be ready ! good so far . find the hotel to be small but clean . room be very small , and this be an     executive room    ! however it be perfectly functional , on a high floor and the view be good

this be the email i send the management to which i still have n't receive any resolution   

the cosmo be a lovely place to

the cosmo hotel have terrible reception staff , service and lack attention to detail in guest rooms and public area

cosmo hotel be a nice small boutique hotel . you get the feeling that you 're in for something hip and trendy when you walk in through the door . but when you get to the room , that feeling quickly fades . the room be just ok , a bit of a let down from the description of it be this chic modern hotel and the picture on the website

the cosmo hotel be not locate particularly close to an mtr station , make it not as convenient as many other hong kong hotels . there be mean to be a shuttle bus available , however i give up wait   minutes after the schedule time and catch a regular bus cheap and easy enough from the doorstep

i book   night stay in this hotel think that the room would be reasonably big for myself and my husband . my husband who check in a day before me decide to accept their offer to upgrade us to an executive room by extra payment . on arrive , i could n't believe to see that the room we be in be so small that there be hardly a space for two suitcase on the floor . there be a computer table but hardly any space for a small notebook

stay here on   separate occasions and i love it . the rooms be small but modern and very comfortable . it have the feel of a small hotel but with acces to the facility of a large hotel   their sister hotel next door the cosmopolitan have a business centre , a free shuttle bus to time square     beyond , and a taxi rank

location be far off from times square , about   to   min walk . rude and poor attitude front desk staff

this be one cool hotel , i actually think i be stay in its sister hotel the cosmopolitan , i have mistakenly book this one . but as soon as i go to reception in cosmo i wqas glad of the switch   very cool chic hotel    like me really ! ! great style and pizzaz in hotel , awesome colours . the bar be one cool place to hand out , even if one night i be the only person in ! ! drinking san miguel on my own , tho you do get some dry pea for company ! now for the real stuff  enough joke now  the welsh get enough stick !

i would think that the cosmo be quite a reasonably price accommodation in hong kong . the room be clean and nicely furbished . the staff be friendly and helpful . however , when make use of extra room service , internet access , room bar , etc . , things can get expensive

Ô º ¥ Ô Ω à Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω à Ô Ω è Ô Ω î Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω å Ô Ω è Ô Ω è Ô Ω ã Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω å Ô Ω â Ô Ω ã Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ç Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω å Ô Ω è Ô Ω é Ô Ω á Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω é „ Ä Ä Ô º ≥ Ô Ω è Ô Ω à Ô Ω è Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º © Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ï Ô Ω ê Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í „ Ä Ä Ô Ω î Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω é Ô Ω Ñ Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô Ω Ñ „ Ä Ä Ô Ω à Ô Ω Å Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω å Ô Ω å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ç Ô Ω è Ô Ω Ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω é „ Ä Ä Ô º è Ô Ω Å Ô Ω í Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω É Ô Ω è „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω î Ô Ω ô Ô Ω å Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ü Ô Ω ï Ô Ω í Ô Ω é Ô Ω â Ô Ω î Ô Ω ï Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º ¥ Ô Ω à Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω í Ô Ω è Ô Ω è Ô Ω ç Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ç Ô Ω Å Ô Ω å Ô Ω å „ Ä Ä Ô º ç Ô Ω Ç Ô º è Ô Ω É „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ê Ô Ω Å Ô Ω É Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Ç Ô Ω â Ô Ω á „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ì Ô Ω ï Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω é „ Ä Ä Ô º ® Ô Ω è Ô Ω é Ô Ω á „ Ä Ä Ô º ´ Ô Ω è Ô Ω é Ô Ω á Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º ¢ Ô Ω ï Ô Ω î „ Ä Ä Ô Ω î Ô Ω à Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω í Ô Ω è Ô Ω è Ô Ω ç Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω É Ô Ω å Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô º å „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω é Ô Ω â Ô Ω É Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô Ω Ñ „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ñ Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω í Ô Ω ô „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ê Ô Ω å Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω Å Ô Ω ì Ô Ω Å Ô Ω é Ô Ω î Ô º é „ Ä Ä Ô º ¥ Ô Ω à Ô Ω Ö „ Ä Ä Ô Ω ì Ô Ω î Ô Ω Å Ô Ω Ü Ô Ω Ü „ Ä Ä Ô Ω â Ô Ω ì „ Ä Ä Ô Ω Å Ô Ω å Ô Ω ì Ô Ω è „ Ä Ä Ô Ω á Ô Ω í Ô Ω Ö Ô Ω Å Ô Ω î Ô º

we stay at the cosmo for three night in november after they have first opened . we do not get the room type that we request , and be take into two rooms that be unfinished before they actually find us a room with a double bed , which end up be a smaller cramp room . even though we be downgrade , the hotel offer no compensation or refund . the room have a window that be completely frost over and there be no light in the room . although expedia state several amenities , the hotel have none . there be no hairdryer , the internet be expensive , the television have three stations , etc . the staff be friendly , but not particularly helpful . expedia end up credit us because of all of the trouble we had . i do n't think of myself as a picky traveller , but this be in no way worth the trouble

give the other review of the cosmo , i have relatively high expectation of this hotel and be very disappointed . i be charge over   for a tiny and cramp room on the   floor  the same floor as the breakfast restaurant . there be constant traffic on the floor as staff and other guest access the restaurant . not a quiet night

