i have stay   night in this hotel and i leave it , feeling largely content after my stay here . firstly , the complimentary shuttle to and from the airport be nice . the hotel be locate near a flyover , with some walk distance to the major attraction in hk . the service be impressive kudos to the bellboy and foyer staff especially and i be make to feel welcome immediately

goord and clean room . helpfull staff and good room with pleasant bed . good shower , with much water and adjustable temperature . very good and rich breakfast . english , dutch bread , eggs fresh make by cook at wish , chinese dim sum and bean and fresh fruit s for very small price . good massage center next to hotel and fabolous shopping on   min walk distance . complmentary bus to city center and hk central station

this be our first visit to hong kong and i think we choose extremely well . the hotel be situate very near to all form of transport so therefore travel to nearly anywhere be extremely easy . the service be excellent and what we like more than anything else be the friendliness and willingness to help of all staff . the view be breathtaking and overlook happy valley racecourse and large section of hong kong skyline . our stay be extremely enjoyable and we will definitely come again and stay at the cosmopolitan . thank you

the executive suite have great amenities for anyone on a holiday . perhaps the amenities tend to overcrowd the room . the service standard be good with very friendly and welcome housekeep staff . there be times when the internet connection be lose for some reason and could come back on for some time . it be interesting to note that my taxi driver drop me off the main road instead of drive into the foyer of the hotel

right across the hk jockey club and the aberdeen racetrack

our boy attend an expedition trip organise by cna asia   so we extend their departure and join them in hk ! this be our   visit to cosmopolitan hotel and we enjoy our stay throughout . the shuttle service make it convenient for us to make our trip to disneyland , ocean park , lantau island and the shopping malls  all free and easy on our own timing . all these will not be possible without the assistance render by the hotel esp mr andrew director of rooms whom do not hesitate to answer our endless question on recommendation and direction   my child like one of the found restaurant name sml times square food mall esp the fresh smooth caramel cream puff and we go back there thrice ! in general , we have a pleasant and relax holiday   thanks andrew , we will be back again ! ! ! cjcjcj

good for short stay , good location for city center if your will its shopping  

probably one of the best hotel i have stay in for service . the staff be welcome and friendly without ever feeling like they be over empowering . we have great value for money by book with the hotle direct much cheaper than use the comparison sites . have a great view over happy valley race course and the size of the room be great particularly for hong kong

i usually stay at empire on lockhart rd but rates be too high this time so i try cosmopolitan . i 'll probably choose to stay here over empire in future . good location and i have a great view from   race course cemmetary . service be very good , no hassles . room a bit small but well appointed . only issue be noise from adjacent rooms could have be corridor the morning after i arrived . loud child ! overall a really pleasant surprise and an option i 'd highly recommend in the sub   range

the location be good , hotel be clean but the room be a bit small . room with window but no view . wi fi should be free in rooms . however , i consider my stay this time be comfortable and sure will return by next time

i book online with no issues . the hotel provide complimentary buffet breakfast each day for all of us . convenient location right next to happy valley racetrack . concierge be helpful both before and during the trip i would stay here again without hesitation

i have a family of   and it be usually difficult to find a sufficient large room in hong kong . we be please with the good condition of room , morning breakfast and complimentary bus service at the hotel

nothing bad about it , it say   star , but i 'd say a   north american

overall a good hotel in a great location . however , i stay for   days and notice a few annoy things after a few days , breakfast buffet lack day to day variety , shower be very small and if you want to shower three times per day there be not enough shower gel shampoo so pack your own

the hotel be clean and the staff be extremely helpful . we book a non smoking , surperior double room . they give initially a twin bed smoking room . when we ask for it to be a double room as requesteed they shift us to a very small double smoking room . total area of room would have be about   sq m . bed be against one wall so you have to climb over the person sleeping to get in to one side . gap from other side of bed to outside wall be half a meter , no room in the bed room to put even one case on the floor and be able to open the door and get in or out . all windows on one side of the building be paint white and the windows bolt close so there be no view outside . feel like be in a windowless cupboard . this be because it be next to an old cemmetry and chinese do n't like look out over a cemmetry . i feel they should not have paint out the windows and leave it up to the guest to choose if they want to look outside or not . you could have then just close the curtain if you do not like the view . this option be not available to us . it have no shop or cafe close by but they do provide a free shuttle bus to the centre of town . breakfast wasgood . we stay three night and our room rate vary by over     between the first and last night . they do n't have a fix price for your total stay but vary the room price depend upon their occupancy . so even though we prebooked a superior , non smoking double room we get the opposite . room rate pay be not cheap

just back from   night at the cosmopolitan . we be play in the world masters hockey tourni across the road at the hong kong football club , situate in the happy valley racetrack complex , therefore an ideal place to stay

this hotel be the last we stay in after a three week trip of china , so it be about our eighth hotel . the double room be a little small , especially compare to those we 'd stay in on the mainland , but it be n't tiny and we could move around ok . the same go for the bathroom . we 'd request a double bed , but as the room we 'd be allocate have twin bed , staff move them together for us straight away . the mattress be hard , but not as hard as most of those in the mainland hotels . breakfast be the usual strange chinese european buffet , with badly fried eggs and a small selection of bready products . it be almost impossible to compile a breakfast that do n't seem weird ! however , my usual request for a pot of hot water i bring my own herbal tea , which generally produce complete bafflement in mainland hotel , actually produce pot of hot water here , with no discussion ! i 'd read about the pillow menu , and after a prolong struggle it seem few of the staff have hear about it i get an orthopaedic pillow , which help my sleeping no end

at first , i really do n't want to like the cosmopolitan , have just come from   star hotel on the mainland . i have make a point of email ahead of time to confirm two non smoking rooms and that we be go to be checking in late , but when i check , in the desk clerk tell me that none be available . i do n't give up easily and after a     lively    but civil conversation , the desk clerk be able to locate non smoking rooms for us

have two night stay with my girlfriend at the cosmopolitan hotel in causeway bay hong kong . we find the shuttle service to times square shopping mall and airport express train station be extremely convenient for shopper like us . the bed be comfortable and the service from the room maid to the front desk be excellent . everyone in the hotel be very helpful and cheerful at the same time

plus   nice modern hotel , good staff service , location   minute walk distance to both wan chai and causeway bay metro stations

we have visit your hotel room   from   to   octobre   want to express through these few line our satisfaction

this hotel achieve exactly what you want froma mid range hotel in hong kong . whilst not in the centre of town it relatively easy to either walk into town or catch readily available taxis straight into town

the first night we stay we be in a room which be just opposite the lift and all night we hear the ping of the lift which do n't make for a great night sleep . the mattress be a little hard too . we rang reception and request a different room which be provide , the new room be very spacious and the bed be huge . they also put something on the mattress to make it softer . it be not a problem for them at all

i stop for   night on the   october   find this hotel to be a great place to stay,the staff where excellent and very help full and go the extra mile to make your stay as comfortable as possible this hotel have a great location with the race course just over the road,and the the shopping mall just   away,the hotel have its own bus that take you around and drop you off,even down to the mtr stations this hotel offer great value for your money and the rooms be very comfortable along with the excellent room service,i stay on the   floor [ room   ] which give a great view all round . the general manager can be very proud off its staff and the way they go about make it a great place to stay,once again many many thanks for look after me and i will with out any doubt stay there again and recommend this great hotel to anybody,many

our stay in this hotel be over all nice and good . the staff be really friendly . i get the deluxe room on the   floor . the view be fantastic . i travel with   young children . i get a   month old baby and they give me a baby bassinet . i do n't know i can give tip to the guy downstairs , i wish i do because they be so nice to me . i come from japan which we not have to give tip coz its rude for them . i not know if im go to offend them by give them tip , like i say i wish , i did . they give me a hand with my bag arrive and departure from the bus . i like the hotel , its nice and clean . buffet breakfast be good too . only thing i can say be that the bed be so firm

hotel be very clean . great friendly staff . room be a little small . hotel provide shuttle bus services every   minutes to nearby shopping mall subway . wifi in lobby . our maid winnie hang be very nice and efficient . great hotel , will stay there again . highly recommanded

my wife and i spend   night at this great hotel . the staff be very helpfull , polite and professional . they operate a free shuttle to various place in hong kong make the use of the underground rail system a delight . on complete a questionnaire on the second day fresh friuit of your choice be leave in the room every day and a choice of newspaper make available . don ¬ ¥ t like powdered milk in the morning , simply ask for milk and they will place it in the bar fridge for you . they also have an excellent pillow service , never come accross this before but you have the choice of how firm you want your pillow , how many and whether you want it scent with lavender or not . if possible have a room overlook the happy valley racecource , great view . when it come to checking out everything be correct , which be always a pleasure ! if we be to go back to hong kong would stay there again

we leave on saturday at   have stay for the week . the staff a pretty good and they try hard , they be simply let down by their equipment

online reservation be efficient and user friendly . our rate include room for   beds  

pro   the building 's newer construction remodeling be evident . the rooms be fresh , modern , and comfortable . the common space be glassy and elegant , while the front desk staff polish and warm . free business center . the rooms be small but nonetheless totally comfortable , and the view run the gamut

excellent location be in wanchai , most location be of walk distance if not a very short cab ride from the hotel ie . time square . the hotel overlook happy valley racecourse which be a very nice plus . free shuttle service offer every   or so to popular location and tube stations . cosmo bar and massage parlour co join to cosmopolitan hotel which come in very handy during poor weather . very helpful staff , more than willing to offer advice and help . when i next visit hk i will be stay at the cosmopolitan

the hotel be well locate and very well connect with different main place in the city by mean of the hotel ¬ ¥ s free bus which have a wide timetable to suit different people ¬ ¥ s needs . it allow client to go to different place or metro stations very conveniently

i come to hong kong to attend the fair every year , and it be my first time to stay at cosmopolitan hotel . i cant exactly tell its location , but it be walk distance to causeway bay shopping , old city wan chai and happy valley jockey club . free hotel shuttle bus be offer to convention center throughout the day and a free coffee station be in the morning which be a very nice touch . the shuttle bus driver be very informative and friendly . i book at the standard room , good value for what i have pay , and the room size be reasoable with around   sqm which be spacious room size compare with other hotel in hong kong . the housekeep lady be extremely helpful and thoughtful . i will definitely stay at cosmopolitan hotel again

a standard tour group hotel , mostly with tourist from mainland china . the rooms be clean , and relatively well appointed . however , i would consider the the rooms to be somewhat standard . there didn ‚ Ä ô t seem to be anything ‚ Ä ú boutique ish ‚ Ä ù about the hotel , so i do feel the description be over stated

we spend   days at cosmopolitan hotel before my boy go back to school in sep . hotel 's location be right in the city and the add value be the free hotel shuttle bus to all the shopping area on hk island . our room be face the horse rack course track and my boy just love it ! services from housekeep be excellent , and we meet up a manager , andrew lee , he be a singaporean as well . he be very helpful and give us a lot of shopping tip around the hotel . the hotel be definitely balue for money and we will

we stay for   nights . rooms be large and clean . resturant staff be very friendly and give us idea on where to go each day and how to get there . nothing be to much of a problem . the american breakfast be fantastic , very very filling . the hotel have a handy bus shuttle service to select parts causeway bay , central , and admirality , which link up to the rail   ferry transport . great location , heaps of transport at a stone throw , or you can walk to time sq or central if your keen . city view be definatley nice , however the view over the cemetary and surrunding hill would be just as nice . would highly recommend this hotel and would stay again

we be very happy with our stay at cosmopolitan . its good locataion and shuttle service be extra bonus for our stay

the hotel give a very nice first impression as it be clean , bright and in good order . my sister and i be greet with a few smile face at the hotel driveway and in general , we be both extremely happy with their services in all ways , except that the reception be quite busy when we arrive , and we need to sit down to wait for   minutes before we could check in

we be c i by a male staff forgot to get his name with a adorable smile and in a very friendly manner . the room be ok but a bit under expectation . overall be good but my impression be runied by the concierge upon c o . the shuttle bus be leave in a minute to time 's square when i be check out . i ask the concierge whether they could wait just for   minute and the guy say that the bus must leave at       sharp , could wait no longer . we then tell that the next bus would be depart   min later . we wait untill       and still could n't see any shuttle bus . i ask the concierge and i be tell that the shuttle bus be late due to traffic jam . then we wait for another   minutes and the bus come back at last           we get on the bus finally but we have to wait another   minutes for departure coz the bus run every   minutes          that mean after       , the next one will be       it 's so ridiculous ! ! ! ! we do n't even hear a single word to apologize from the concierge and it seem that this happen very often and they use to it already ! ! ! !

i would say that these   s 's be what make my stay at your hotel such a pleasant one

very worth your money , we stay for four night with my family . service be really good . specially the shuttle bus to the main area in the city . im definitely go to pick this place again when i get a chance to go back in hk

book this hotel on the internet for my family of six include a four year old little

the cosmopolitan hotel and its staff be such a welcome , friendly and helpful place . on my second stay i could n't stay somewhere else after the effort and assistance of the staff on my first stay it have become my   home . next to happy valley racecourse , it be in a fantastic location , in a quieter spot , which be a relief , and with tram at the door that can take you in either direction across the island , to all of the ideal place to visit . there be also bus almost at the door which do the same , include straight down to the southern beach spots of the island   stanley , deep water     repulse bay , aberdeen   all of which you must see , not to mention right to the peak tram     lookout which you just can not miss . the staff at the cosmopolitan can not do enough to help you with any travel and tour question you have . they have dedicate customer service and tour personnel to help you with absolutely anything . and the restaurant for breakfast , lunch and dinner be superb ! i honestly ca n't recommend them enough . this be a very friendly , elegant and professional hotel . robyn saynor , melbourne , australia

we book a suite , because we travel with our son . so we have a sit room with an extra bed without extra charge and a sleeping room , a nice cozy bathroom and a wet bar with an selection of   ¬ † different kind of ¬ † water foc . we get the osim suite with a massge chair , which we all loved the restaurant serve excellent chinese food and a god selection of western dishes . the bar which be in their partner hotel cosmo be an absolutely must . it be early and they allow our son to come along . they have a black and red theme and you can sit in something like tent with a high celing . great place we only stay two days and attend some family matter , but we all like it a lot and would come back

i go to hong kong for a few days , and i have a room in the cosmopolitan hotel . it be very nice , they be very helpfull and the service be great . so i recommanded this hotel for everybody because it be the place to

very good and comfortable hotel , i will definitely stay here again when i be in hong kong

this hotel all be a four star rating do have a small room and we do get the view of the cemetary . however as we only use the hotel to sleep in this do not bother us

this be a very wonderful hotel ! my family choose hong kong as our destination this time since we all come here to meet my brother ‚ Ä ô s fianc √ © e and her family . we be well treat and be bring around to ocean park and stanley and dine out one night at the peak , all amazing place

have stay in hk hotel before and have pay far more than i do at the cosmopolitan for far worse . the cosmopolitan be a well locate hotel with very courteous staff . i do n't try the restaurant as there be so much food to choose from in the nearby surroundlng locations . it be convenient to get to times square and the adjoin causeway bay mtr station . from there you can get to pretty much anywhere on hk island in kowloon or the new territories . the free shuttle bus be an invaluable service provide by the hotel and encourage me to try the hong kong express service on my return trip to the airport . i will not be catch a taxi again after this  it be fantastic . we hope to visit hong kong again next year and will be definitely book our stay at the cosmopolitan

the cosmopolitan be a simple yet chic boutique hotel in happy valley , reasonable price and good location . the staff be polite , helpful and friendly . rooms be well appoint , clean and comfortable   a king size bed be great but give the room size , a queen would have be a bit better fit

for the location and price this be a great hotel . the staff be courteous , the rooms be really clean and the hotel be locate close to both central and causeway bay

in all aspect of hotel facility this one give excellent value for money . from the   floor the view be stunning whilst the noise from the very busy road be hardly heard . service from all the staff from front desk to room service be of a standard that even the most expensive hotel will find hard to match . we will return which after stay   night at any hotel speak volume as you tend to test all the system and facilites after such a lengthy stay . if we have to make a criticism it would be the old gripe that the minibar be far too expensive to use

we stay in the deluxe course view room and book through their website use a travelzoo promotion code . all in all , i am quite satisfy with our   night stay

my husband and i go to hong kong quite often and have always stay in hostel before because hotel be so expensive here . we find a great deal for the cosmopolitan hotel    hkd     per night and figure we have to try it out you have to do a thorough web search , but the deal be almost always out there somewhere ! we be not disappointed . the location be about a   minute walk from the nearest mtr station causeway bay but that 's okay because the hotel have a shuttle that will pick you up and drop you off at either causeway bay or central , leave every   minutes ! the staff be excellent , the rooms be impressively clean and comfortable , and our view of the cemetery out back be remarkably nice since it be tomb sweep holiday !

i spend   night at cosmopolitan , and find it the most enjoyable stay of my holiday . i have a room that overlook part of the racecourse and the busy road and enjoy watch the scenery and the bustle people and traffic

i stay at the cosmopolitan hotel for one night on my business trip in hong kong . i stay at the cheapest room available hk     . the room be tiny , but the bathroom have a bath and shower . in general , the room be clean , but i find a stain on the pillow case . i think it be due to be overuse , and not

the cosmopolitan be a   star hotel and give you exactly what you might expect . relatively small but comfortable and well equipped rooms , an elaborate breakfast buffet that do n't aim at any michelin star but satisfactorily fill your stomach , a rather good and reasonably price restaurant , gleam surface , friendly and efficient staff . it be rather well locate near the water . no place to go for your honeymoon or a romantic weekend , nothing that stir your imagination , nothing to keep you from throw yourself head first into the many hong kong attraction , and exactly what you need when you get tire of those attraction

i stay in this hotel for   night on business , i eat in the hotel restaurant la maison de l'orient for two night because i could never get over my jet lag enough to venture out . the food in the restaurant be awesome ! garlic prawn and spring roll be my favorite ! the bed be very large but the mattress be very thin it feel like i be sleeping on two twin bed force under a large mattress , could feel the seperation . on one evening of my stay the hong kong power company need to check the system at the hotel , or something , and i be leave without power in the very early evening until the next morning in a humid hong kong i be not ammused , nor be i ammused with the less than   hour notice

this be exactly a hide gem ! cosmopolitan have the best service among all hotel i ‚ Ä ô have stay in asia . you just ask , and they will get it do ! all staff be handsome and beautiful and smart , very well trained and they always show passion in what they do

i strongly suggest that you get a deluxe room with view rather than a superior room without view . i laugh my heart out when i discover that the     without    view be actually a     cemetery    view . the rooms and hotel surroundings be clean . bathroom be neat and cozy . shuttle bus be provide for the guest who want to go to nearby places . i will definitely choose to stay at the cosmopolitan hotel on my next visit to hongkong

good hotel although a bit far away from the hustle and bustle . however , the hotel provide a fee hourly shuttle into town and taxis be very cheap compare to european standards . hotel room be of a reasonable size with two twin bed and also very clean . we have a room on the   floor and although it be very high , the noise from the road could still be heard . hotel be very clean throughout with a routine clean up and disinfectant provide in the lobby . breakfast be not very good so be prepare to go out in the morning to get your brekkie . overall very good other than breakfast and the location

i stay here for four night in april   very reasonable rates with complimentary full breakfast . intimate lobby with restaurant and bar . friendly and helpful staff . rooms be clean and spacious with stall shower and excellent view of causeway bay area and happy valley racetrack . the mattress be somewhat hard , however . decent location , only a mile and one half or so from central hong kong . within walk distance to times square metro station . hotel provide free shuttle service to and from times square every   minutes or so and hourly service to and from central hong kong during the day and early evening . my only complaint be the hardness of the bed . overall , however , the hotel represent a very good value

i have just return from a trip to macau and hong kong and have stay in cosmopolitan hotel in hong kong for a short weekend . my stay there be a delightful one

the view from our room be fantastic   overlook happy valley racecourse . i could have stare out there for hours

a beautiful   star hotel for all age group of traveller and locate conveniently near to harbour . times square shopping area and convention centre at a walkable distance . easily located . breakfast at    

stay at the cosmopoitan for   night after   week in australia . bit of a culture shock as the room have   tiny single bed push together   pal but the value for money could n't be faulted . we have a room overlook the happy valley racecourse and watch the race live from our room and on the tele at the same time ! we do , however , find it very cold as the air condition overall be too high . the daily complimentary water be great and the breakfast be superb include in our price . the chef would make your eggs as you want them on the spot and your waffles . it also have a good selection of western and asian food to suit all palates . i would recommend it as its not too far from the hustle and bustle , the shuttle bus be great but taxis be for nothing anyway and the staff be superb   very knowledgable and very helpful

stay here for the hk   's weekend , to be honest i do n't really get to see much of the hotel amenities , room service be good if a little slow

we initially have reserve a standard room , which turn out to be very small . we upgrade to an executive room , include breakfast , which overall be a much better deal , though almost double the price . hotel buffet breakfast adequate if not memorable . consider the location on a busy road junction the hotel be reasonably quiet . executive room also have free access to the internet , with a pc in the room

i just return from hong kong , and i stay at the cosmopolitan . this hotel be a great value . the hotel lobby be beautiful and smell lovely . the rooms be tiny , but clean and comfortable . the bed be very firm which i prefer , honestly , and the free shuttle service be very good . the hotel breakfast be good , but overprice at around     usd per person . the dinner be just so so . do n't expect the four seasons . service be average at the hotel    the price be right , though , and i would go back

the cosmopolitan sound ideal from a rugby sevens hotel perspective , but be not impressed . i understand that they be particularly busy , but for the price they charge , i will likely look for another hotel next year

i have stay many times in hong kong , and this be the first time in the cosmopolitan hotel . i be impress with the service and attitude of the staff from the moment we arrived . all employess we encounter be pleasant and helpfull , even the chamber maid wish us a good day . this hotel be locate close to the happy valley stadium and also a short walk to the rugby stadium . the sevens tournament be in place on our trip , and we be ideally place to walk to and fro for the games . i notice this year in hong kong that the general attitude of hong kongers be to embrace the     let help tourists    ethos , on several occassions passer by stop to give direction or help . the food in the cosmopolitan be of a good standard , although the bar in the lobby could be make more usuable . overall this hotel tick all the box for a well run mid range hotel

this be an excellent hotel to stay because of the location . across from the hotel be happy valley race track , great place to run or watch soccer even ! great bar at the hotel . in the heart of it all ! great staff . my only complaint be the slow elevator ! that should say something ! yes , there be a cemetery next to the hotel . but if you research and understand the history of the beautiful cemetery then it be actually quite beautiful . they be place specifically there for a reason , the view ! great culture , have a great stay at the cosmopolitan hotel

i go to hong kong in january   and stay at the cosmopolitan for almost   weeks . i book through expedia , which be a lot more cheaper than book through their main website . i pay around     per night and a little more when it coincide with chinese new year

cosmopolitan make our stay in hongkong a very pleasant one . every employee be friendly , warm and helpful . once you enter the lobby , you can feel     at home    in the hotel . the employee will readily assist you . the food serve in the free buffet breakfast be okay for all nationalities . my son love their hashbrown . the room we have be okay , we have a good view of the street . the location be also good because it be very near to times square , we have a leisurely walk go to and from hotel to times square at night . the excellent service be the free shuttle bus of the hotel offer to guest to important location in the city . this we try and enjoy

i stay here for   nights . the hotel be recommend by a friend who have stay there previously . the room be spotless and well provisioned . quite a good size by hong kong standards . the bed be very comfortable indeed . the bathroom be excellent   only a shower no tub but well provision with everything a traveller could need include toothbrush . the daily make up of the room be thorough , and supply be reprovisioned as necessary . nice touch include the free   bottle water bar , replenish daily , and the fruit in the room , also replenished . the location be great , in that it overlook happy valley racecourse , but it be some way from the mtr subway , and the walk to the station include some very steep stairs down to a passage under the road . but the hotel provide a frequent courtesy bus to the mtr , and the tram to central stop right outside . breakfast be great , although as i do n't eat a hot breakfast i can not comment on the quality of the very extensive selection provide

the hotel be set a little way from wan chai     cosmopolitan bay , it take about   to walk the short distance to the causeway bay mtr , mainly because there be some busy roads to cross all with pedestrian control

a group of about   of mine friend and i blindly book rooms at the cosmopolitan hotel . one of us randomly find it on the internet and we decide to take a leap of faith , give the location and price . for once , a gamble like this pay off . the hotel be an amazing value for the online rates they offer . the lobby , resturant and rooms be all very clean and updated . the staff be extremely helpful and very eager to please . especially conrad , the bar tender in the lobby bar   there be a few things to mention , none of which bother any of my group , nor would keep me from book again when i return   ~ the shower stall be pretty small . update , great water presure , but a bit tight

we have a comfortable stay at a deluxe room with a nice view face the race course . the room be quite small , but good enough for light packers . a couple with one child would be ok . the shower area in the bathroom be quite small . though all basic stuff in the bathroom be provided . the bed though , need upgrade as the cushion be not soft enough . and upgrade to lcd tv , as well . even just a     will do . this will save up space and electricity consumption . the lobby be clean but quite plain . just need a few furniture to spice up the reception . a more modern look sofa . the buffet breakfast be average in terms of taste and selection . the part i like best be the free shuttle services to time square and the mtr stations within hk island . this really make it convenient to go around . this place be ideal if you 're visit the peak , ocean park and other attraction with hk island . location be not recommend for those who be visit hk just for cheap bargain shopping . there be a few bargain shop around , though but not like the night market in mongkok . but of course , you could always take mtr to mongkok and tsim sha tsui if heavy shopping be part of your itinerary

i have just return from a short business trip to hong kong and i be glad to have stay in the cosmo hotel in wan chai

what a wonderful stay with cosmopolitan hotel for my family travel . i can never , ever imagine we can find a hotel room which can fit for a family in four in a business district . when we check in the hotel room , they call it executive family quad room . that ‚ Ä ô s true , it equip with two double bed ! ! to be honest , my wife and me be big , but not a problem at all . our daughter like the mattress very much since it be not too soft , not too hard !

this hotel be ok . but  

stay for a weekend visit as find great rate on the internet . the hotel be up near the racetrack not far from wanchai causeway bay . it be a minimalist style hotel and be fine for a short stay . the room be small but modern and seem to be newly refurbished . the bed be two twins push togethor and be very hard the pillow and doona be very comfortable though . checkin out be very efficient . overall good value for short stay

small hotel near happy valley , on the fringe of wanchai and causeway bay . around a   minute walk to times square . need an update

myself and four other friend recently stay at the cosmopolitan hotel . when we check in we be on the top floor with a great view . we request a room on a lower floor as a couple of us be uncomfortable with heights . the staff be excellent and it be no trouble at all . the great thing about this hotel be the free shuttle bus that take you to various locations . this save us a lot of money on taxi fare etc . the staff be excellent and the food be great . highly recommended . rooms be not very large but i think that be the normal in hong kong . we have   in our room and it be a tight squeeze but it be very clean and comfortable , and we be only there to sleep . location be great once you get the shuttle to the train station then you can travel anywhere cheaply . they also have a great area in the foyer where you can find out about tourist attraction and place to see . hope to return next year

stay at cosmopolitan hotel mid feb   i have wait so long to write review because i just become member today . for several years i have selfishly use the resource offer on tripadvisor to help decide where to go , where to stay and what to avoid . tripadvisor have save me from have to deal substandard hotel and other accomodation issue , thanks to the unbiased review submit by its members . i figure the least i can do be provide a little input so others can make inform decision when planning travel . enough with the blather , i will get back to the point of this entry , review the cosmopolitan hotel

i enjoy my stay at cosmopolitant back in jan   very much . it be a bit pricey probably because i walk with no advance reservation or travel agent 's help . the customer manager suki be particular helpful with offering a great rate still expensive ,     and local travel tip

my wife and i stay at this hotel for   night in november   we book direct with the hotel who give us a great deal on a delux course view room , which over look the happy valley race course , what a view at night time

i have stay in many hotel in the wanchai , central , causeway bay , happy valley area over the years and i would say that overall the cosmopoliton offer the best value hotel in the area . i have around   hotel that i stay in and scout the price of each when book a trip and usually book the cheapest . have say that , since stay at the cosmopoliton this be now my   choice as long as its no more than hk     more than my other regular

my wife and i stay at the cosmopolitan for   night in january on the way back from australia . to say we be disappoint with hong kong and the hotel be a bit of an understatement

first trip to hong kong , book hotel last minute on day of travel , by call the hotel directly . the lady who answer the overseas call be competent and very helpful . give us excellent direction to hotel from airport by train , then hotel shuttle . no problem whatsoever

we stay there for   night back in july     the staff be excellent , the room be spacious . excellent location , minutes away from causeway bay mall     train station

for my first trip to hongkong with my mother , i choose cosmopolitan hotel in wan chai . i be so happy that i make the right choice ! the hotel 's staff do not disappoint in extend accurate , fast and friendly service during our stay . they attend to our every need

book this at the last minute when our plan to go to thailand fall through , and it be exactly as it look on the website . clean , tidy , functional . the restaurant be fantastic   big picture windows look up to times square . huge breakfast buffet with everything you do n't even know you want for breakfast

we stay here for   night and while the rooms be smaller than we be use to it be actually a wonderful stay . the hotel have a great buffett breakfast and provide free shuttle into times square etc . rooms be well airconditioned and the hotel staff be lovely . internet be available in the foyer in the business centre . the gym   well its get   machine and some weight but its basically   hotel rooms put together . a local family friend tell us that it use to be the 'unofficial ' chinese consulate when hong kong be under british rule so the building be generally well look after . its right over the road from the tram which we highly recommend   it only cost     hkd and take you most central places . make sure you ask for a causeway bay view which be the view of the suburb not the actual bay ! though because other review i read say that if you do n't , you may end up face the cemetary which be behind the hotel ! i be a bit concern about book here after reading some review but honestly do n't be . the hong kong standard of customer care in hotel be generally pretty high , which mean the hotel staff be keen to look after you

hotel be not in the best convenient location but shop be a   min stroll away . causeway bay mtr be around   min away however the closest entrance be the time sq entrance which require another couple of minute walk to reach the platform . not a real issue as the hotel provide a complimentary shuttle from hotel to time square , admiralty , central around   min interval however the shuttle service finish quite early around       last pick up from time square to hotel . usually , the night life in hk extends beyond this hour and i usually take a taxi back to the hotel from time square cost roughly hkd     the walk be not too bad but i catch the taxi as there be a underpass which be quite quiet at night time which i want to avoid the morning be ok

excellent staff and nice rooms

its a few years since i stay here but remember this for be a fantastic hotel . it have just be construct when we book which be a bit of a risk however i am glad we did . lovely hotel , very plush and great value for money . good location too . we stay in a few hotel on this trip and this be by far the best   can still remember the rooms be one of the nicest i have stay in . one of my friend have since stay in the hotel again and they be still as impress as the first visit

check into the hotel cosmopolitan after a stay at the marriot courtyard . that be unfortunate as the marriott be a brand new hotel , so comparison would be unfair

the cosmpolitan be a well locate , above average hotel . rooms be clean , spacious , comfortable and well equipped . reception and conceirge staff be helpful and courteous . our room attendant be effecient , friendly and very accommodate with our late checkout . we enjoy a chinese style lunch in the restaurant , which we can highly recommend

four friend stay here for   nights . the hotel be offer a     discount for stay greater than four night   make this the best value for stay on hk island . we want to avoid trek from kowloon daily and do n't want to pay for the price of the hotel s in central . we sometimes confess to be hotel snob and find this hotel to more than meet our expectations . the room be spacious for a city this size   we have an amazing view of happy valley and the skyscraper of causeway bay . the complimentary water come in very handy   and the trek to the mtr at times square average about   mintues . it be easy enough and with taxis be so affordable here   it must make sense to return to hotel by taxi . it be so centrally locate that when travel by car to either kowloon , the airport or aberdeen   it be a short taxi ride . the amenities in the room be great and the service be excellent . i love the fact the a c be strong . if you do n't mind walk a bit be n't that part of travel in a new city ? you will find this a gem of a hotel

i like the cosmopolitan once i be inside it . well appoint rooms , comfy bed , decent shampoo     conditioner ,   litre of bottled water per day , free wi fi in the lobby , nice staff . the only think i do n't like about the hotel be the location . it be a solid   minute walk to the causeway bay mtr platform and i walk fast . there be an mtr entrance at times square that be a   minute walk from the hotel but then it 's another   minute trek underground to the platform . there 's also nothing immediately around the hotel in terms of convenience store or restaurant which i find annoying . not bad if you 're be shepherd around hk in a car or do n't mind take taxis everywhere . otherwise think hard about logistics if stay here . too bad b c i really like the hotel and find it to be good value in every other aspect except location

this hotel be situate next to the cemetery across the road from hk 's happy valley racetrack . it 's clean and comfortable and the staff be freindly and helpful . the rooms themselves be ok for the price i guess , but the other amenities be not that great . the restaurant look dowdy and in need of a makeover whilst the so called   bar be a joke

it be a special time for us all . we be there to celebrate the   wed anniversary of our parent , our   wed anniversary and most importantly of course the wed celebration of my little brother . we read about hotel on the internet and we discover that cosmopolitan hotel be give wave review and highly rated . however , we decide to choose cosmopolitan hotel basically because of its great central location

hi i have stay at the cosmopolitan hotel in hk on several occasions over the past year and i have always find the experience to be very pleasurable



i research about   hotel in hk before i pick the cosmopolitan and it turn out to be the right choice . i be there during the olympics and the place be buzz with american , french and many other nationalities . it be well situate and the hotel transfer bus be fantastic . it be only   subway stop to the central area and there be bus , tram and taxis   it 's so easy to get around hk . the staff be very friendly and polite in a genuine way   and they all seem to work together cohesively . i will stay there again next time and feel that it 's a good base to explore this fantastic city . i would recommend this for first time traveler to hk and those stay longer periods . overall   a very good and safe choice

first of all ,its a   star hotel , i stay during fair time , the lobby be very small ! maybee   chair only ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the business center be in lobby   computer only ! u need to wait hours and hours and the a c be very strong in the lobby and specially in business center staff can not understand english and the hotel rooms be very average its close to central area and shopping district but i do not recommend because i couldnt sleep well cz of the noise , u can hear everything speak in the next room  room service be not bad but overcharged be aware of the poor lobby service ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! please stay intercontinental hotel and kowloon area much more interesting area

we stay at this hotel and find the rooms to be great   clean , well maintain and with a great view . however , if you want a view of the happy valley racecourse that be right next door , you will need to ask for an upgrade at reception . on the other side of the hotel be a grave yard . if you be on a high floor , the grave yard make for quite a good view

super stay   excellent value for hong kong . i have a very clean room , new furniture and fitting with a great view of the happy valley race course . the staff be friendly and helpful and its a   minute walk to either wancai or causeway bay metro stops . if you seek view of the harbour , this isnt for you , but for convenience , price and cleanliness , its hard to beat in hong kong . add bonus   i wander into the catholic and muslim cemetaries behind the hotel    what a great history lesson in hkg . well worth a stroll in what must be one of the last large green space in the central city . i 'll definetly stay here on my next trip to hong kong

i not know what to expect after reading mix review but the hotel be great . the room we have which be a standard room be a very reasonable size not small as mention in other reviews . the room do overlook a cemetary but there be more to see than just that so we be not particulary bother

we get a good deal on this hotel online and stay there for   days

nice hotel , clean and tidy rooms , and the location be good too , near times square and happy valley

cosmopolitan hotel be one of the best hotel i have ever live in hong kong . ideal location in wan chai because happy valley be just on the opposite side of the street . the hotel sit next to the former     xin hua news agent building    . the receptionist be very friendly and efficient when help people to arrange check in   room attendant ah yee be polite , very thoughtful and can manage room so well even make you feel that you be live at home

as a single traveller on budget but go to hong kong for a short conference on my own , this hotel be value for money . perhaps for a single traveller , the room i be give , be a room for the disabled . hence the room size be much bigger think of wheelchair roll around . so the bathroon be big enough for a wheel chair to be in it

just get back from the cosmopolitan and would recommend anyone stay here . we have book for   night exclude   night in maccau so be able to experience the hotel to its fullest . wi fi in the lobby be free or you could use the   pc 's connect to the internet for a fee

after reading vary review there be always a little concern that you have book the     right    hotel

myself and my partner stay at this hotel for a week , and when we book the hotel through expedia we not know where the location of it be as we not be to hong kong before , when we arrive the hotel be excellant only be build since   , the lobby be full of mable and the doorman be really attentive , we choose a deluxe room and the standard be high , the hotel be right across the road from the happy valley race course , taxis be cheap in hong kong so get around be easy and the place feel safe , i would definately recommend this

this be the nicest hotel i have stay in   i usually stay in hotel that be rate   and i think the total charge be ¬ £   for  

the cosmopolitan be recommend to us by a friend who grow up in hong kong and feel that it be a good central point for us to see hong kong in   days

not expect much from the cosmopolitan , but be plesantly surprise with the hotel . i think its a   star property and the service be efficient and quick . i typically ask for something from housekeep and see how long it take and in both occassions , i get what i want within   minutes

speedy and effecient check in . excellent rooms , kingsize comfortable bed and superb bathrooms . plenty of complementary toilettries , water , tea and coffee facilities . stay on the   floor , amazing view over the race course . hotel be spotless , buffet breakfast with wide variety of chinese and european food be delicious and the restaurant staff be very helpful with menu choice for dinner . great location for all the site

we have book a standard room at the hotel and be disappoint from the moment we walk into the hotel . the first thing we be ask be would we like to upgrade to a larger superior room which include breakfast , have a view and from reading other review , lots of extras . our room be basic and tiny with frost windows find out later they overlook the graveyard , it feel like a prison cell . after one night we ask for a room with a view and be move to a corner room with a view of the graveyard which be no problem . breakfast be expensive so we opt for the local spots which work well . the air condition be extremely noisy , there be no bar apart from two stool and a cubbyhole in the reception area or lounge or any other facility that we could see for relaxation . the location be not too bad within easy walk distance of times square and the mtr , but it be frustrate that nothing open up until   a .m . after   hours of walk around hong kong we would have appreciate at least a chair to sit in . obviously it pay to take the upgrade

first of all , i would recommend upgrade to a deluxe view room . it 's well worth the extra fee . as other reviewer have say , some rooms face the cemetary behind the hotel though you ca n't see it from your room because the windows be frost , which may be disconcert for some . we be initially book in a standard room , but quickly upgrade to the deluxe view room which face the happy valley racecourse fyi  you can clearly see the horse race hold every wednesday evening from your room . the hotel staff be very friendly and the rooms very clean . location wise , it be a bit away from the action , but the hotel do provide regular shuttle bus services to the more prominent business tourist site , like causeway bay and the convention centre . there be also bus and tram locate right outside the hotel . the closest subway station be about an   walk , but the shuttle bus can take you there in   my experience be overall positive , and i would definitely stay again

in january   my mum   and i stay for five days at the cosmopolitan hotel in wah chai , hong kong . have just come from bangkok we find the room smaller then the thai hotel rooms but i believe this be the norm in hong kong . we have plenty of space and the room be clean and attractive with all facility work just fine

have a great stay in this hotel    we book a de luxe room but get a free upgrade to their osim suite

book a deluxe room through a travel website for      night . look like a very average standard room . we be face the street and i figure out that cheaper room do not have less amenities , they face a cemetery ! if you do n't mind sleeping close to tomb the cemetery be quite close and be on the slope of a hill , so you 'll be face tomb directly , go for a standard room

if you have book it already , do not worry , it will probably not be the best or worst hotel you should ever see

i stay at the cosmopolitan for   night begin december   ,   with my husband and   year old son . we have a suite on the   floor overlook the street and race track . it be quiet , no street noise . the room be nice , well appoint ,   plasma tv 's , the bathroom be a little on the small side and come with a tub and a separate very small shower but it be very clean and newer fixtures . the bed be comfortable . the rollaway that be bring in for my son be nice quality and very comfortable mattress . hotel staff be very nice and accomodating . they provide a shuttle service to and from times square shopping ctr and mtr stop and also to admiralty for airport metro link . lobby be small , not ig enough to sit down and wait or have a drink . i think they offer free wi fi . breakfast be include with our room . i would rate it above average . they have a nice combination of western and chinese food . good congee

stay here   dec .   to   jan .  

this hotel be average . it be nothing spectacular about the hotel . it be not close to anything important . but one thing many find interesting be in the old china news agency building . the hotel staff be average . wireless could be use from the lobby for free

i stay in this hotel for   night with my husband and my   year old daughter . we be with our other friend total   of us . we be happy to stay in this hotel

this hotel be a solid   star hotel locate near the hyppodrome in hk island . it 's convenient if you want to stay in hk island but ca n't afford to pay for the ritz cartlon or the conrad

my wife and i stay   night at the cosmopolitan on our return trip from malaysia to the uk . a great benefit of the hotel be

the hotel be locate in the happy valley area on hong kong island , directly opposite the jockey club and   minutes walk from times square . i find hong kong to be a difficult place to walk around so i would recommend catch taxis   they 're really cheap and easy to flag down    the trick to get them from the hotel be to walk up the hill and cross over the road    otherwise , you will struggle ! not rely on the concierge to flag them down for you at all   i wait nearly   minutes the first time i try

the cosomoplitan hotel be pick on price through expedia . i should have check its location as it be a   minute walk to the nearest metro . the hotel itself be ok , and be value for money

we stay at the cosmopolitan for   consecutive night last week

the hotel be small but clean , the room we have be an upgrade to a racecourse view . the bed be hard but that be apparently normal in hongkong hotels . there be no actual bar or coffee shop in the hotel or anywhere near , you can buy coffee from next tothe front desk but you have to sit in the lobby to drink it ! the tram stop be straight outside the front door which be very convienient . the hotel shuttle bus come in handy for short trip to times square and to the star ferry terminal

i stay for five night and be pretty happy with the hotel and the service . the rooms be small but so be most hotel in hong kong . everything be clean and tidy and the staff be helpful

my wife and i stay here in mid june . we have read opinion say it be     out of the way     i can say that that be rubbish . there be a hotel bus direct to times square five minutes depend on traffic and from there the metro will whoosh you round the city . the staff in this hotel need to be single out . without exception they be helpful,cheery,and great scources of local knowledge the maitre would ' in the restaurant be an absolute gem

i stay at the cosmopolitan in mid june   it 's in a great location for causeway bay , with a tram stop just outside , happy valley racecourse across the road ,   min walk to times square and plenty of taxis wherever you turn . our room be lovely   huge , comfortable bed and a view of the racecourse . would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again

i stay at this hotel with my husband on the       year anniversary hk handover weekend    . the hotel i usually stay in , the rosedale on the park be fully book and with the weekend be crowd with tourist , we couldnt find anything in the same price range . the hotel be definitely a budget hotel . the location be ok since we speak chinese and can get around the city no problem , but most of the hotel rooms face a cemetary in the back . kind of creepy but if any consolation it be very quiet at night . the clearning crew do not expect tip so when we leave a   hkd tip the next morning we get lots of bottled water and fruit baskets . the hotel be overall clean but the bed be just hard like a rock . the shower be powerful but there be no stall , just a shower curtain . the standard room be very very small but if you be on a budget trip this would be a suitable hotel . my husband however , vow to stay at a   star next time

a very nice hotel . i believe you need to have a deluxe room if you expect the size of room to be european size , we do and find it superb . hotel staff be numerous and very friendly , always willing to give assistance . a perfect location to ride the tram . be brave step out the hotel cross to the middle of the roadway and wait at the tram stop . they arrive every   min and cost     hk for any trip     make sure you have the change though . we try the hotel breakfast which be in a nice set , again great service . ok the     english breakfast    be not excactly as you would have a home but they try . good thing be you have you eggs cook as you order from a guy who cook them in front of you . we use the hotel mini bus to go shopping once but after then it be generally taxis also very cheap or bus air con 'd or open air rickety old tram to get around . if you book with the hotel direct they will order a car to collect you from the airport . it 's a little bit more than a cab or train but not if there be   of you and it be a nice comfy merc . you can also be meet as you come through customs , useful after a long flight . all in all , hk be a great experience and this hotel be a great place as a base . the hotel reception have cards with the hotel name on , they be useful to give taxi driver but most of the taxi driver understand if i say happy valley or make stupid impression of a jockey ride a horse ! ! . yep i 'd recommend this hotel

fyi , i use to live on the mainland but commute every we to hk so i know the place a little . i recently come back for a   holiday

we stay   night in may   and get this hotel through priceline . we be satisfy with the price at     us per night . however , we request a non smoking room on a upper floor , there be non available so they put us in a smoking room with frost windows this room be small and not have a window to look out feel a bit cloister phobic for us

we stay at this property as part of a flight package deal . it be an expensive package and we be expect a   star hotel as advertise . the room be really old and smell terrible and fixture and fitting in need of refurbishment . restaurant be quite nice , although we do only have one breakfast there . within walk distance of times square and convenient for shopping and public transport . efficient reception staff . i think there would be better deal out there for the money

i be in hong kong for the first time on a business trip . this place be a very nice place to stay . they have nice rooms with city view

my husband and i spend three week in australia and either side of the trip spend   hours in hong kong . we stay at the cosmopolitan hotel on our way back to the uk

we stay at this hotel for   night , as part of a cathay pacific hong kong package . at checkin we be ask if we would like to upgrade to a larger room with a view , which we did . the room be perfect and the view be indeed amazing race course view

move into cosmopolitan to accommodate arrival of my husband and four year old son , join me and my   month old daughter . after spending   night alone at the four season , the cosmopolitan be a comedown , but its charm grow on me

here go my not so good experience with this hotel and i try to save as many of you as i can from the same   due to a trade fair and great numbers of weekend visitor from mainland china , when i arrive to hk airport and check the hotel reservation desk , they could only offer very few hotel with   night availability , and cosmopolitan be the one with   night available which be a sign already , right ? . well , at least i 'd hear the name before and know roughly where it be , so why not book it . more than   usd per night plus all the fee and tax be a lot but i hope for some great value . well , it be n't to happen this time

many things , that combine to not so good experience at the hotel

just get back from a lovely stay at the cosmopolitan for   days and two nights . when we first arrive , the staff put us in a room with two twin bed but we insist on a room with one double bed we be celebrate our anniversary ! the front desk say no more deluxe rooms with double bed be available but after speak to the manager we manage to get a room with a double bed . this seem a bit odd that after say there be no rooms available , suddenly one pop up , but we get what we want and the hotel staff be very helpful otherwise

we book through expedia who be offer a     superior    room for the price of a     standard    so we think we be get a bargain     however , after reading the review on trip advisor , we quickly change our book and upgrade to a deluxe room . the reason for this , be that all standard and superior rooms in the hotel face onto an extremely large cemetery . i believe that the room windows be frost out . we be glad we upgrade extra ¬ £   per night as we have an ok view of the hong kong city skyline with floor length window . the hotel itself be very clean , and the room be spacious and have everything we need although drawer space for clothes be limited . as other traveller have say , there be a   min walk to the mtr , which be n't a problem for us , but towards the end of the holiday , we make use of the shuttle bus . staff be friendly and helpful and i would recommend this hotel as long as it be a deluxe room you get ! ! we have no problem while stay at the hotel . when you arrive at hotel , you will find that the roads be difficult to cross   use the pedestrian subway at the door of hotel  

if this be your first trip to hong kong     the cosmopolitan hotel probably be n't for you . because of its slightly out of the way location

location . the hotel be far from the mtr station . but this weakness become an asset because they have a shuttle that bring you right to timesquare where you can get to the mtr in no time . i think this be a better deal than get a hotel     near    the mtr where you 'd have to walk   min , with this hotel , you do n't have to walk , just step on and off the shuttle

we be halfway through a week stay here and be so impress we want to write a review now ! the location be not an issue for us   ten minutes to times square , where there be a metro station and a huge shopping mall

this place have excellent service , everyone speak english include housekeeping . the location be good for us because it be a   min walk from hk times sqaure and also near the home of my boyfriend 's aunt in causeway bay . it be very close to above ground public transportation . subway be about a   walk , maybe   min depend on your walk speed . shuttle will take you right there though . we have a room with a view . it be more money . their shuttle service be good and the tour desk be helpful . all of the tours will sell you plate with your photo on it . its hard to refuse , so i be warning you ahead of time to bring extra hk dollars . food in the restaurant in the hotel be below average and overpriced . do n't bother with it . the thai restaurant in the food emporium be awesome and price very well . my only real complaint about the room be that the bed be hard

we have a room overlook the cemetary . the window be of course frost but this be not a problem to us . we go to hong kong to see the city not to stay in a hotel room all day . the room be a little small , no bath but a good walk in shower . the bed however be very very hard , boardering on the uncomfortable . my wife not find it too bad but me    

complaint     no bath tub in standard

we stay for   night in a 'delux ' room in mid december and both thought it be a decent little hotel . have never be to hk before , i find the location to be very central and just a few minutes walk to the tram the best way to get around hk island

although this hotel be a little out of the city centre it be a pleasure to stay there . we stay in a superior room which be larger than the average hotel room and be very modern , there be also a free minibus service into the city centre and directly to the city centre station which have a check in desk for most airline so you can check on the morning of your flight , leave your suitcase and enjoy the rest of you day before fly home ! i would recommend this hotel to anyone who do n't mind stay out of the city centre

have stay at the cosmopolitan a few times now on business and once with my family . service be average at best . rooms be small which be typical in hk . the location be good next to happy valley race track and on a bus line . it 's about four block to times square and the causeway bay mtr stop . the price be very good with our corporate membership arrange directly with the hotel . no exercise facilities . the restaraunt be very bad and expensive

stay in hk for   days . not in this hotel but decide to write a review for traveller in case if it matter whether the hotel be near a cemetary and hospital , particularly for chinese

i stay at the cosmopolitan for   night at new year and find it very good value for money . do n't get me wrong , it 's not five star , but the rooms be spotlessly clean , nicely decorate and well equipped . the room be bigger than expect have live in hk for   years , i be conscious that hotel rooms be often v pokey and have a great racecourse view

have deluxe room with course view   end up top floor   with clear view out over racecourse   v . nice if race on

i recently stay at the cosmopolitan hotel in hong kong . we go for the deluxe room , and i 'd say they be definately worth the extra . the room be new , clean , fairly roomy for hong kong , and have a decent view . the complimentary breakfast be very good and have everything you want , and best of all run until       for those of us who be n't very good at morning ! the hotel be n't particularly central , but it 's only a   min walk to times square , where you 'll find loads and loads of shop , as well as an mtr subway station causeway bay station that will wisk you all over the city . overall a good hotel at a reasonable price

this be a very nice and very hip hong kong hotel . it be in easy walk distance of the times square area and i find it be very enjoyable at most levels . room size be also good for hong kong in the executive room we stay in . however the beads be so hard that it just make sleeping in the hotel painful . we talk with the front desk but all mattress in the hotel be the same . they fit a mattress cover over the top to provide some comfort , but it really make very little difference . i ‚ Ä ô have stay in hotel all over the world and never have a bed anything like this hard before . my wife be actually wake up with a stiff back . i can ‚ Ä ô t understand how an otherwise great hotel could have such obviously uncomfortable mattresses . anyway , this be a major disappointment for us

i have just read one review which say he or she have to straddle the sink to use the toilet . they must be very tall and flexible to achieve that , as i have just check and seem a physical impossibility

book this hotel through priceline . upon arrival be give a room with a     frosted    window . this be a lesuire trip with my girlfriend and the room be a not a place you want to spend any time besides sleeping

this hotel have excellent service , and rooms be spotlessly clean . housekeep do an excellent job . shower be a bit small . have a unique pillow menu service that i think everybody should try out

in a full book hotel sometimes you be unlucky and the room be not available when you arrive . we have bad luck . our room be still occupy , and we have to wait   hrs . we have a   hr flight , when we arrived . but we be well inform by a nice receptionist . the area be a good area to stay , that mean we go for a coffee and some shopping . wait be not that bad

stay here on october   and  

