i do very much enjoy my   night stay at the courtyard . if you 're think about whether or not to stay at this hotel because of its location , here be some tip that may help you make a decision

i have visit hong kong nearly   times , and for the under us     range , this be one of the nicest hotel i have stay in

i will definitely go back to this hotel over and over again . location wise , i really like it . it 's very near to the tram station . you just have to cross the street and you 're there . there 's a convenience store nearby where you can buy water and snacks . there be also a chain of restaurant which be just   to   minutes if you go walk

the title state that the location be a drawback but it can also be a plus as well . for those who want to be in the middle of the action then stay closer to central , wanchai , tst would be more convenient . for those who would rather stay with the     locals    then this location be perfect . there be a less     touristy    feel but the hustle and bustle be still there   it 's just more of the local people go to school , work , shopping , etc . that 's the only potential negative i can see to this place

stay four night while visit hong kong as a tourist . the hotel be very beautiful but very narrow so a small lobby and floor with just   or   rooms but   floor in height . the rooms be as describe elsewhere and do include bathrobe and slippers . hotel service be top shelf . on reentering the hotel there be almost always someone at the front door to open it for you and say     welcome back    . the free shuttle service be a real plus

without a doubt , as the previous review all say , the service from the hotel staff be exceptional , the rooms clean and spacious and complimentary shuttle bus service available one way only

the courtyard by marriot be just perfect for our need since we be go to be spending most of our time on hk island and it be close to the macau ferry terminal . we actully like the location in an â € ˜ old â € ™ hong kong kind of area . the tram be just around the corner and we use it a lot . they also have a shuttle service in the morning to the ferry pier and ifc mall etc

if you be travel with young kid , just be careful because rooms be not very spacious . location wise , they be right at the end , with no subway station near by . taxis be the only resort apart from their shuttle service but it only go one way . staff be very friendly     knowledgeable . breakfast buffet be a rip off consider its marriott . very limited option

third visit to this nice hotel . good value , nice room , and modern bathroom wireless internet

hi everyone , as a reguar traveller to hong kong this hotel come up as a great deal and now i know why . spend   night here in oct   it be a new modern hotel with very small but well fit out rooms . the big problem be the hotel be in a poor area or hong kong , no bars , no restaurant   even the hotel do n't have a bar . the buldings surround it be like a shanty town . its functional , clean , with a small footprint   thus   floors  . the breakfast be good but the hotel have no soul . its cheap and mile from anywhere . if you be a regular to hk then fine , but as a new traveller not stay here as you will be very disapponted and the area wil give you a less then favourable impression of hk . get the best deal you can in kowloon or central where there be much more life . i hope i have be fair

after a long   days in china spend   night at the courtyard hong kong and be very pleased . at first i be put on the   floor without much of a view but then be upgrade to the   floor with a wonderful harbor view . rooms while small by us standard be comfortable and have all the amenities you need . though internet be not free which be not right . the gym be nice and not that crowd and the restaurant seem okay though i do not eat there . i would say the only drawback be the distance from the mtr . as most have write its about a   minute walk or a   minute tram ride , and the tram be spotty . aside from this it be a top not spot

probably would not recommend this hotel for     first time    hong kong visitor , since it be not locate in either of the heavily favored tourist areaa of kowloon or hong kong island . however , since we have be to hong kong numerous times , we actually preferred this new hotel     its location . the wonderful hong kong trolley route be only   block from the entrance , which mean you can go all over downtown hong kond for only   hk dollar about   us cent . we enjoy ride to the very end of the line in kennedy town , where we find several nice local bars     a couple of very pleasant restaurant   seafood       italian , all right on the water . the area immediately around the hotel be     real    hong kong , fill with local restaurant , shop , etc . however , the nearest mcdonald 's be only   block if that be of interest ,     it only take   minutes on the trolley to be directly in the downtown cbd . there be a great laundry only   block to the leave when you exit the hotel , where you can get   pound of laundry wash     fold     redelivered to the hotel in   hours , for only   hkd     usd . beats pay the inflated price at the hotel . our only complaint be that even though this be a marriott courtyard hotel , the owner seem to think it be a marriott renaissance     charge those prices .     usd per hour to use the hotel internet , with similar high price for other hotel items however , there be a great internet cafe only   block from the hotel , right on the trolley line to kennedy town , where it be only     usd for   hour     the connection be great . overall , we would choose this hotel again without pause . another plus be that from hong kong airport you can go to the lower level     take bus route   for   hkd the bus run directly to hong kong island ,     the   stop water street be     directly    across the street from the hotel . and the stop be flash , in english , on a computerized screen at the front of the bus , as well as announce in english . quick , easy     cheap way to get from the airport to the hotel

the hotel be new , really modern and clean and the staff be very helpful . especially the concierge name jimmy . the room while not large be perfect for a couple . it be also very reasonably price at about     us per night on average . the hotel room view of the harbor from the   floor be great . definitely pay the extra amount for a harbor view and a higher floor . we do n't get an executive floor . the only slight negative be that it take about   minutes tor so to walk to the nearest mtr station at sheung wan in the summer heat and humidity . not a big problem since other transit like the tram , bus and taxi 's be cheap and easy . you also need to pay for the hotel shuttle to and from the airport , about     us per person each way

we go to hong kong from singapore for a long week end . we ` have decide to book the courtyard as this seem to be an affordable hotel with nice rooms . we be right . the rooms be a little small for a family of     and   yr old , but the view be nice and be the room . the bathroom be our ` coup de coeur ` with the glass wall with blind should you need intimacy

at the time we go to this hotel , it have a     buy   night , get the   free    promotion so this make the value assessment     very good    whereas we find many other aspect of the hotel just     good  

really be a great value and excellent service . my only gripes        per day for internet service , and the breakfast buffet be us price at     coffee     after travel for   month in china and enjoy free internet and free breakfast at even the most inexpensive hotel , i do not appreciate their overcharge for services . with that say , everything else be clean , modern , and they have a great concierge . location be a bit away from the central area , so we have to taxi it a bit . if i be to do again , i would stay at a lesser hotel more in the central district with free internet

this be an excellent hotel with outstanding service . the quality of the service and staff be well above most   star hotels . the hotel and hotel furnishing be new . you can connect your computer to the television from the desk in the room . the hotel be less than a   minute walk from the tram and major bus lines . express bus to the airport stop directly across the street from the hotel

we stay here on our   night out of our   night trip we stay at several hotel include grand hyatt , langham place mongkok , island shangri la and venetial macau . i must say this be a very new hotel near the hk macau ferry terminal . however the taxi driver be not very sure where this hotel be exactly locate

a really nice hote . yes the location be not on the waterfront next to all the big hotel but this be the reason it be so cheap . we pay travel rate of hkd   a night . the rooms be very clean and new , great tv and bathroow . the service be very good and the location be not that bad . you can catch the tram ,   and in   min you will be in central . we like the location as it be very authentic with all the fish shops . there be a great place for the loundry outside the hotel ,just turn leave from the entrance , cross the traffic light and be on the right side after ramada . there be a nice bakery next to the hotel . for the price pay it be amazing quality and value

the rooms be decent size for hk , and everything be new , even if incredibly modular and non permanent looking . bed be comfortable , and the plumbing works as it 's suppose to . the hotel staff be very helpful and attentive , with much arm waving when we walk up , and rush to call the elevator . the relatively low price for accomodations here be largely due to the fact that you have to travel quite a distance to catch the mtr , and the local neighborhood be authentic hong kong rather that tourist nouveau like most of the other hotel in town . if you like to wander down     dry seafood market    street and we do , to a point you 'll find a stay here to be relax and hk authentic . if you want to be second away from shopping , restaurant and nightlife , look elsewhere

the service from everyone be superb front desk , concierge , housekeep . even though the location be a little awkward , the hk         cad tram be like   meter away and get you close to anywhere you want to be     plus their efficient morning shuttle service be good . the rooms , while small , be well appoint with all the modern amenities like excellent rain head in the shower , large flat tv , bottled water , push button blind , free room safe , and so on . the only real disappointment be the pay internet which surprise me since courtyard brand advertises free internet . the executive lounge provide excellent breakfast with eggs cook to order and the evening cocktail offer great chilean carminiere wine . also   min . free internet access if you have access to executive lounge . as mention by others , the harbour view be excellent of kowloon but not central . a great hotel choice

i be usually not a big city fan when it come to leisure travel , especially in asia , but this hong kong trip happen to be an exception . i want to choose a good and affordable hotel that give you great view along with be a little seclude from the city . the courtyard be an obvious choice , and upon request i be promptly upgrade to a high floor so that i could keep state at the ocean at will . it be in a quiet corner off the city , in fact at times a little too quiet and seem somewhat disconnect as well . but in reality , central , and kan kwai fong be a very short taxi ride away , and it be pretty convineient overall . the only problem be probably that it be not walk distance from the mtr . in spite of be a budget hotel , the place have a decent club lounge and fitness center that i liked . also , the rooms be well equip and very comfortable . the service be prompt , and they do everything possible to make the stay enjoyable and comfortable . the hotel do not have a lot of other facility to offer , so unless you be a business traveller with a tightish budget , or a leisure traveller who want to be almost in the city but in a quieter place , i might advise you to look at other option as well

i first arrive in hong kong in   live there for many years and for the past   years drop back into what i regard my home from my present residency in shanghai use hotel . admittedly they be leisure trip some business reviewer have point out the location be not desirable for quick access to central but take a tram be one of the many things     exciting    that hong kong offers . we be not talk   star price but the     basic    room we get be superb . clean , functional and provide everything we wanted . all staff , without exception , be extremely courteous without be over powering . there be no hang around for tip , a thing which i do not like . on this occassion i do tip more than once which be something of a record . locate in western district it maybe a little away from the business district but local     real hong kong    restaurant be in abundance . my wife be shanghainese and proud of her cuisine but she eat so much a diet be now enforced . i start my worldly travel in   and have only make one hotel review     courtyard by marriot hong kong . would i recommend to a friend ?     a resound

we take the metro to the sheung wan metro station and get a cab to the courtyard . the driver do not know where it be but call a friend and get directions . the hotel have a shuttle to the station , but not round trip . check in at the courtyard be a breeze . the front desk provide efficient and courteous service . our room be on point and they upgrade us to the   floor â € “ room   with a harbor view . they also give us executive lounge privilege cocktail between   and   , free breakfast ,   minutes free internet and printing , all day soft drink and coffee and tea

i really highly recommend this hotel . it may not be in one of the main hotel area but it 's a   minute tram ride or   minute walk to central through a bit of real hong kong   and the tram be only hk     around   ! . the hotel be modern , with very friendly staff and if you be a marriott reward customer have an excellent executive lounge . i be travel on my own and feel safe and relax

we love stay here . the staff be great and helpful . the rooms be very clean and stylish . we have stay in both standard and harbour view rooms . the difference between them be the size be a little larger in the harbour view room and obviously the view of the harbour which really be a pretty cool sight to see . other than that they have the same features . we get room service and eat in the restaurant and the food be yum and reasonably price although there be also many local eat place which we find to be great and mostly eat at them . the location isnt bad . there be always taxi 's out the front and in the off chance there wasnt one staff would go get one for you , otherwise there be a tram stop right next door or hotel shuttle . the other thing we like about the area be 'local ' be that it be cheaper than the tourist area and feel authentic and also safe . the food be cheaper , there be fruit stand everywhere yummy dragonfruit , you must try it and there be shop with all sort of stuff to buy as sourvenirs but without the tourist price tag attach to them . we love walk the street and get a real feel of hong kong and feel safe at all hours of the day and night do so

i â € ™ m really glad i find this hotel as it â € ™ s pretty difficult if you â € ™ re just pass through hk and want to find a decent clean room which isn â € ™ t the size of a shoebox and be relatively central

my wife and i just finish up a   day stay at this hotel . we decide to split up our trip between   hotel on hk island and another on kowloon

while the location be poor , this new hotel have great rooms , enthusiastic service and a moderately interesting restaurant momo . the local area be very 'local ' and interesting , but the hotel be poorly locate for business purpose , however the plus beat the negative

we just have   night at this wonderful property,booked it direct with marriott only cost hk     per night as others have say this be n't a   star hotel but definetely a very good   star hotel at   star prices was a bit concern about the location until we get there,its only   minutes to central staff be very efficent     friendly     go that little bit extra to make your stay memorable we will definetely be back

my husband and i book this hotel via the marriott website , and we land   as we say in the netherlands       with our nose in the butter   

some have ask why this be not a five star hotel . these people be obviously not compare this facility to a four season , mandarin oriental , etc . that be say , this be clearly a four star hotel and i understand these poster sentiment   as this be clearly the nicest courtyard i have ever stay in and i have stay in a lot . frankly , this courtyard be probably nicer than most marriotts   especially one that have n't be update very recently

i do not understand why tripadvisor have rate the hotel as a   hotel . most other website have give the hotel a clear   rating and i can vouch for the hotel in that it truly deserve a   rating and no less

stay here for   night during our trip to asia . the hotel be in the central district on the hong kong island . it be bit far remove from the main touristy busy area although the hotel provide free shuttle bus to the central train station and a shopping mall . the room be small , but clean and modern with comfortable bed . best way to get around be to take the tram that be couple block away and ride towards the main part of the island . it only cost   hk dollar   around   cent us   and on the upper deck , you can get a fabulous view of the city and the busy streets . of course , do the star ferry and eat at the superstar restaurant in kowloon . great dimsum

i stay at the courtyard hk for   night over the   thanksgiving holiday . after a long flight from ny , the check in be quick and the receptionlist be friendly and professional . the porter assist me with my bag and guide me to my assign room . that be nice

the review be quite accurate , the room be modern , clean and quite spacious for hk hotel rooms . we have a most gorgeous harbor view , and a spacious bathroom

this hotel be brand new â € “ so new in fact that most taxi driver have not even hear of the place , nor have some of the local who have live there for more than   years ! situate in sheung wan to the leave of admiralty , close to the macau ferry terminal on hong kong island , this new gem be certainly a pleasant surprise ! i agree with some other review in that call it   be a little over the top , but it be definitely like no other courtyard out there

a very new property to the west of central . location seem a little remote until we be actually there â € “ it be a slice of old hk with many small shopfront and eat place around it . well connect by tram and bus route so get to the main area like central , sheung wan , western market etc isn â € ™ t a problem , and it be near the new harbour cross so a   bus ride take you to jordan mong kok

put simply , all the great review about this hotel ring true

this be a very unique and different courtyard . i use them very often in the us , but this one have almost marriott quality at courtyard price . i book my room thru marriott com   month ahead . we stay for   night at hk     per night in which be a good price in hk . we have a semi harbour view as be explain to us by the front desk clerk in the   floor

a very new , modern , clean , and well apponted property , with excellent staff . we recommend buy the executive room package . the hotel be a little out of the way , but they have a shuttle that run every   minutes to mass trans central . get a hotel direction card , as it isso new that taxis do n't know it ! special thanks to concierge , mable , for go above and beyond to help us before , during     after our trip to hk

i find this to be a very nice , modern hotel . i be tall     so i appreciate the king size bed . my room have one of the nicest bathroom that i have ever have in a hotel . the walk in shower be big and the rainfall showerhead be mount on the ceiling , great for tall people . they also have the biggest towel that i have ever seen . while the lobby be spartan , the staff be friendly and helpful . ask them about anything you need in hk , it will save you a lot of trouble . we get some great restaurant tip from them

this be a fairly new hotel with normal hk size rooms . at first we think the location be out of place but we find out that it be actually very good

this be a fairly good property  but i do think some of the review below be a little over the top . i stay here on   separate occasions in october   hotel lobby be very small and the whole hotel 's 'footprint ' be small , just a few rooms per floor . the rooms , while quite modern , be small , even by hong kong standard i have stay at probably   different hotel in hk . the bathroom be actually good size for hk , but there be no tub  shower only . the front desk staff seem indifferent   breakfast be suppose to be include as well , but have to argue to get that take off my bill  good thing i bring my confirmation . i have book a package that include champagne and chocolate for my first stay   in   days there , it never came . although i do advise them of this upon checkout , and they do come through on my second stay and get me the 'treats ' at that point . my tv do n't work during my first stay , they send someone up to look at it and could n't get it fixed   they offer to move me , but this be my second day there , i 'd just arrive from the us and be mostly sleeping anyway   so , they do try on all account , but there be a big inconvenience factor and nothing offer to 'make up ' for it . . breakfast at momo be really good . elevator be tiny and only three to serve   + floors  long wait for an elevator and they do n't seem to be the fastest in hk either . taxis be very difficult to get  i have to wait about   minutes around   be just   people ahead of me   i do like the fact there be   and circle k 's on every corner nearby , but this be not the hotel for you if you want to be near the 'action ' that hong kong offers . overall , good hotel , but certainly not 'spectacular ' or   ' , but with the money pay

all in all the marriott courtyard hotel in hk be excellent . the customer service be friendly and efficient . we have a harbour view room and the quality of the room be very good , one could see the hotel be quite new . the location in the western district on hong kong island be not bad while it 's not central of course . the mtr station be a bit far for walk but the hotel shuttle bus , the tram and the public bus there be many work well . we usually prefer public transport and we do n't need a taxi once during the trip . the shuttle bus to central be free . we do n't find restaurant other than the normal american fast food chains near the hotel for our western taste , but the hotel 's momo restaurant be very good and soho restaurant for example be a short tram ride away . my fianc Ã © e and i certainly recommend this hotel

i love this hotel and stay a week . absolutely beautiful decor and superb staff service . if your lucky enough to get a view room , it be so worth it   especially the corner rooms . the breakfast buffet at the momo cafe be very good for both asian and american breakfast . although the location be away from central hk things to do . the hotel be set up for business guest and run a shuttle for easy access to

this be a new hotel and a really good value for the money . but if you have never be to hong kong and do n't know your away around , it 's not for you . the neighborhood be very hong kong , you see few if any tourists . but it be way too long a walk to the mtr and there be not really any restaurant in the vicinity . taxis be cheap and easy in hong kong and it 's about a     ride at most from the nearest mtr and     from the airport express station

we stay at the marriott courtyard for   night during a visit to hk for a family occasion . i book the room use the marriott reward programme , as i have frequently stay in other marriotts in the uk on business . first impression be not bad for a freebee

the courtyard by mariott hong kong be truly a fantastic hotel . i check with the kiosk upon arrive at the hong kong airport and they give me transportation option , include a hotel shuttle approx     hkd or the express airport bus or train . i choose the train , then take a taxi to the hotel . i be rapidly check in , and lead to my room , and the bellman explain the hotel only open in april . it could have just open yesterday as good as it look

know that the hotel be situate in an area famous for sell bird nest and area with only   hotel , we certainly do n't expect to see a such a   + storey , new , cosy and modern look hotel when we arrived . within   minutes , we be check into our room . we be give a room with a soft king bed and excellent harbourview . the room be spacious for   of us and most importantly , the room be very clean ! for entertainment , there be around   + channels tv program to choose from

i book a standard room directly with the hotel and i concur with all the review on this site . the quality of the hotel be easily that of a five star and would indeed put some of those to shame . the reception be large and the staff genuinely friendly , polite , efficient and helpful . he hotel itself be almost brand new which be evident . the rooms be plush with jw marriott type bed which be very large , deep and comfortable . my bed have five large pillow which tell you how large the bed is . for hong kong , and for the price , the rooms be large enough for two people , and large for one person . the furniture and electrical equipment be all new . i particularly like the multimedia port and the bag of connection cable on the work desk , from which you can connect almost anything include your laptop and ipod directly to the large lcd widescreen tv without any hassle . the telephone be very modern and have multi functional displays . the bathroom be large by hong kong standard and very modern and sleek with a huge oval lit up mirror and probably one of the biggest rain shower enclosure i have ever have at a hotel . that say , there be no bath which , for the size of the bathroom , they could easily have fit in . however , you do get a large rain shower you can actually walk around inside though ! the bathroom be stock with all usual toiletry , plush bath robe and comfy slipper

i book my stay in this hotel through zuji travelocity . i have to agree with the other contributors    this hotel be really great !   i get a harbour view room , and the view be just    stunning . the hotel 's ambiance be very modern . the carpet hallway have a maroon tone , dinstinctive of the courtyard ambiance . the room have a motorize window shade , king sized bed , glass work desk , fridge minibar , coffee tea make facility ,     lcd tv with vod , a digital alarm clock and   voip phone one on the desk and another one near the bed . the toilet be okay , but do n't have a tub if you travel on business you wo n't use the tub anyway ! . staff be very helpful , but they may have some problem with english , so make sure you relay important request in write ! the concierge service be also impressive   i ask them to modify my flight book and they manage to do it promptly they also give frequent update on flight details and status . great hotel    outstanding value for money !   i just hope they wo n't increase their rates , so do n't tell so much about this hotel to your friend ! haha !  

we stay at the courtyard hongkong for   night and enjoy our stay there very much . staff be friendly and efficient , location be ok , although with considerable walk distance   minutes to the center and rooms be excellent . although a bit small , the newly refurbish rooms have floor to ceiling windows , a very comfortable bed and a nice     modern bathroom . all amenities shower gel , shampoo , shower caps    be provided . room service be very reliable too . the majority of guest seem to be a business clientele but we would definitely choose the courtyard again for the next visit to hk

stay here july   , book through marriott reward program . i believe the start room rates on the web be in the neighborhood of   hkd

the harbor view from the top floor of the courtyard be wonderful . i could sit all day and watch the constant stream of boat move across the harbor . look down at the ground , you â € ™ ll see the highway and ship business â € “ but the view out from the top floor be of the harbor , more ship business across the harbor , and of kowloon

have previously stay at the renaissance kowloon and the high end jw marriott in hong kong , i be n't quite sure what to expect from a courtyard in this city . after all , us courtyard hotel be     adequate    but generally nothing special to write about . the hk courtyard be different , however , and more akin to a nice marriott property in any american city rather than the run of the mill us courtyard . it feature a proper restuarant , stunning view , an executive lounge , and excellent facility for the business person or tourist on a tight budget

i stay at   different hotel during my trip . one be another marriott chain and one be from another chain both in tsim sa tsui . this be the best one for a number of reason , however for me it be the technology that put this hotel over the others . the tv be a flatscreen and you be able to connect your   player to the tv cable provide . the other hotel do not even have a flat screen . there be also more cable tv channels available . this hotel offer wireless internet whereas the other   do not

i almost do not want to write this b c i travel to hk frequently and the more people find out about this place , the higher the price be go to go . i will stay here from now on . free breakfast in the morning , very nice buffett . they upgrade me to a room overlook the harbor , very nice . lobby and rooms be very nicely decorate as well

myself and my husband have just return from hong kong , and check into this hotel   times,as we have a couple of side trip stay over in macau and tokyo . can only repeat what the previous reviewer have say about this hotel . the first room we check into be a great surprise as we have n't expect much at this price range   it be their cheapest room as we be arrive late at night and leave early next morning . good clean room , nice furnishing , fluffy white towel and bathrobes , and a great comfy bed . check in again   night later , again for just one night , to a room with a view of the harbour , much bigger , with a small sofa as well . the manager come across to speak to us while check in , and be very welcome , give us his card in case we have any problem so that we could speak to him personally . happy to say that there be nothing the staff could have do to make our stay any better . third time we stay for   nights,corner room , great view of the harbour , smaller than the first   rooms , but still not a bad size lounge access well worth the extra money , chef ask us every morning if he could cook anything special for us the next morning , he seem concern that we do n't eat much for breakfast think we do n't like the food on offer ! we have never be ask this before in hk , not even in the hyatt or the langham

courtyard in the us be stalinist hotel with all luxury deconstructed . this be not like the us courtyards . very nice staff  very modern and sleek rooms and common areas . highly recommend . this be like a w hotel , only far less expensive , better light , more spacious , and staff with helpful people rather than the frustrate out of work model who work at the w 's

this hotel be brand new , very clean , and have great view of the shrink hong kong harbor from most rooms . i stay twice on this trip and have a corner room both times

second trip to hong kong after   years . hotel can be very expensive in hong kong . use   marriott point for   night a great deal and try the brand new courtyard by marriott on hong kong island . it open on april   ,   we arrive on april   quote rates be around     a night . this be a courtyard like no other that you may be use to in the states . it be a   story hotel .   star for sure . the room we have on the   floor have a great view of the city . the other side of the hotel have harbor view toward kowloon but the weather be somewhat foggy so you could n't see much from the harbor side so we opt for the city side at no additional cost harbor side be     more per night . however , we do upgrade for a room on an executive floor at     more per night . it be worth it as it include a great breakfast every morning and a happy hour from       pm every evening with cocktail , wine and beer and very tasty hor d'oerves . the     cost be definitely worth it . other than the fact that the hotel be new therefore everything be clean , the room be great in terms of amenities flat screen tv , etc . what really make this hotel stand out be the incredible service from every staff member we come in contact with . they really bend over backwards to make you feel comfortable include the cook who make our omelet every am . most of the staff speak good english . it 's seem that be a requirement to work there . many of the young staff go to college in the states . so , if you 're a marriott member , the use of point be a great deal . however , we would pay the approximately     for a room here if we be not marriott reward members . the location be fine . the city tram run across the street from the hotel and take you to the mtr subway station and the star ferry station to kowloon and macau . the location be in a quiet local business neighborhood and avoids the noise and crowd of kowloon . if the price fit your range , this be definitely the place to stay

