hollywood hotel be really an excellent hotel to stay at especially if you have kids . all of the staff hotel personnel be very warm and hospitable . be clean be expect and of and course they get an a + on this category . they also have lots of amenities for kid like play room , pool , garden etc . disney character also have a surprise visit every now and then . if we have not pay for the theme park , we can settle just stay in the hotel for one whole day

before come to the hotel i have check tripadvisor for the reviews . some review have negative side but its all wrong . the hotel look new , it just have an old fashoined theme . goofy be at the lobby when we checked in . the room be nice though small . such a magical feeling    truly disney spirit be here . though we be all grow ups we really enjoy our stay

we travel via ferry come from macau , we arrive around   , goofy be in the lobby . my kid suddenly transform to     smile at the camera kids    . we be very excited . we avail of the stay and play ticket weher we get   free ticket for next day . so we readily checked in and take the free bus to disneyalnd and spend the rest of the day in the theme park . the kid be really ecstatic . as if they be not yet tired . unlike when we be in macau fisherman 's wharf . go back to the hotel , we notice all the small details even the cute toiletry , the bathrobe for kid and even small slippers . the room be definitely larger than normal hongkong hotel rooms . next time we go there will try the other disney

what amaze me about this hotel be how despite rampage kid it still look new and clean   indeed it look almost new . the rooms be nice if a little small but this be disneyland and there be no need to linger long as there be many things to do in the hotel

stay at disney hollywood for   night at the end of november   this be a busy but well manage hotel which be a bit more relax and family friendly than its sister property the hong kong disneyland hotel where we stay in july   it be also the cheaper hotel although neither be cheap by hk standards . staff be well train and willing to help

this hotel be very near to disney land and they provide transporation to     fro to disneyland . a very pleasant reception staff and support staff make this hotel very friendly . the only problem be the hotel lobby will be always overcrowded with visitor and you do n't find any one to carry your luggage to the room . there be free access of internet in destignated area and the food be excellant and the atmosphere fill with disney land characters . the out door be beautiful with a pleasent view of the bay . you can have a pleasant early morning walk near the bay and in the lawn . they be very care for kid and do not forget to present them with small gift and even do not forget to wish them during their birthdays . a very good hotel to stay for a visit to hong kong disney

book a garden view room through hotel website and get an early bird discount . the rate be still steep hkd   nett but i guess that be the price to pay in disneyland . check in be a bit slow but no check out require all charge to credit card

stay here with my grandma and   year old sister way back in march  

stay in dec   for a nite . there be   queen size bed which be great for family with kids . expect the room to be nicer for a disney hotel but it 's more a budget hotel with small bathroom , odd colour combination in the room with very basic amentites . after our check in we hv to wait for   min for the hotel bus shuttle to disneyland although there be bus every   min     it 's always full cos it 'll first stop at the disney resort to drop pick guest fm there   the plus pt you do n't hv to return the card key which can be keep as a souvenir

very modern , spacious , very well maintain pro [ erty . a small collection of vintage car , greenery , sea view , good restaurant , activity centre for kid and excellent staff   make this property a memorable place . its twin sister   world disney hotel be more traditionally designed . this one be for the young at heart

stay at the hotel to benefit from the   day stay     play where we pay the price of   day ticket for   days ' admission . rooms be reasonably big by hong kong standard , we stay in a room with   queen size beds . a lot of thoughtful details go into the room , e .g . child 's cup , bathrobe and bedroom slippers . there be even a medium size pair of bedroom slipper to fit mummy

during our one week vacation in hongkong , this be our last destination . we stay in this hotel on   and   nov . the hotel be locate adjacent to disneyland and make it very convenient to us to visit disneyland on both the days

in the   days i spend in this hotel , i have feel in everyway the magic of disney . mickey head all around which my   year old son have a blast with in find as much as he can . check in be a breeze , the room have everything one needs    special touch like an iron and an iron board in every room as well as a vendo machine and an ice dispenser add up to the value of this hotel . the garden be huge    a cozy place to frolic around during lull time before go to the park . this hotel cater mainly for kid     there be even a kid 's salon call the malibu toy shop wherein kid have vaious schedule activity the entire day   my kid enjoy totally the christmas postcard make and the bedtime story share by one of the cast members . breakfast at chef mickey offer a wide variety of choice   you will appreciate the effort from the kitchen crew to consider the various dine need of their guests . there be a free internet access at one of its restaurant holywood and dine which be very helpful in do your airline online check ins . one can not fault the shuttle services since it come every ten minutes to bring the guest to and from the park . one tip for those who might have difficulty in walk long distance , bring a walk stick with you since enjoy the park require a lot of walk and wait in lines . the disney hollywood hotel have definitely make this stay even more magical

fantastic hotel , the facility be great and the little touch be sweet . include a face towel birthday cake as i be celebrate my birthday there , and the wakeup call be from mickey mouse    goofy could be see in the lobby one evening and the mickey mouse head everywhere be great . the food be yummy and the room be fantastic , really soft bed and nice bathroom . the staff be lovely and you could hear mickey and minnie talk in the elevator

we stay four night with child of age   and   in connection of a   days visit to disneyland . the pool area be enjoy daily and the water slide be an extra bonus for the   year old . room be spacious and four can sleep easily in almost king size beds . hotel area be quiet and safe so child can run free without any trouble . overall this be great value for the money and the place to stay with small child , however i would not stay here if travel with adult only

nice hotel to stay with young kids . lots of great facilities .

spend   night at this hotel as we have   days at disneyland and it be part of a package deal . it be lovely to be in an open space with a good pool for kid

we travel with kid and this place be fabulous compare to the really small space you get on hong kong island . the pool be wonderful and very well maintined . american cafe style food available , as well as a bar and restaurant . you need to budget to eat in these places . can go by rail to shopping centre if u want some other food , bit of a journey . disney world be fun , probably a max of   days , it be reasonably small but we like that ! ! . lots to see on the island , with a wonderful and very easy to use rail system that will take you anywhere fast . go for the sky rail ride to see the budda , stunning scenery !

i stay here for a week with my son who be   i be a member of disney vacation club and we want to explore hong kong rather than spend a lot of time in disneyland hong kong

we stay for   night at the end of may , take advantage of an offer where we could visit the park for an extra day free if stay at the hotel . as there be no other reason to stay at the disney hotel far from hk centre except than to visit the park , i suspect most other guest be do the same

we arrive in hk on a thursday evening and stay in kowloon for one night . we have to check out by noon to make our way to disneyland where we be book at the hollywood hotel . we get there by   pm fri and the lobby be crazy    pack with tons of people ! the worst part be that we could only get our room key for   family with adjoin rooms at   pm . they keep tell us to leave our luggage so we could proceed to the park . we do n't think this be practical to do . we be   adult with   young toddler and we want to freshen up , secure our passport and cash in the safe , and use the bathroom . so we just kill   hours in the restaurant . when we go back to the desk to get our room key , they upgrade us and give us more expensive sea view rooms . i do n't understand why we have to wait till   pm when check out time be at a very early   be ? ? ? ? ? ? do it take them   hours to get the rooms ready for the next guest ? ? do they upgrade us because they could n't give us rooms at   pm as promise ? if i understand why there be a   hour period between check out and check in , then i would n't be this upset about the whole thing

stay at disney 's hollywood hotel for   night in july  

we only book for a night   since my boyfriend know i be always a disney fan , hence give in to my request   and then proceed to check in at stanford for the next   night of our stay in hk

cool art deco retro style throughout with plenty of mickey

  days for the kids . spacious art deco rooms

this be one hotel that i would highly recommend to everyone ! the hotel in disneyland hong kong . i arrive there at   , there be no available rooms so we have decide to leave our bag at the hotel concierge and go straight to disneyland . the rooms be beautiful and there be   swim pool if you want to unwind . the breakfast buffet be the best i have have so far , it be worth every penny , which we pay for     that time . give the chance i would definitely go back

for accomodation that 's near disneyland , the value be unbeatable . especially when i buy a season ticket , which entitle you to great discount off their usual rates . the difference in room rate be significantly more than the difference in ticket price , as they have a     discount when we be there

we be a family of       adult and   kid and have book the basic garden view rooms   no regrets   had   queen size bed in a spacious room which be very comfortable for the   of us

very nice hotel . very nice park . good food at chef mickey 's . good fast food also . i love their watermelon drink in those nice disney bottles .     one concern though be their staff . they should be well trained in speak in english because most of their guest be foreigner or tourists . it 's sometimes difficult to converse with them when i have concern with switch rooms . it take us some time to settle the discussion . but other than than , hollywood hotel be a really good place for young and adults .  

we checked in at around   be expect a delay since room allotment be schedule for   pm but amazingly our room be ready to move in . i have book a sea view room and the sea view be spectacular ! that itself make the stay worthwhile . we spend two days in disneyland and travel to and from the hotel be absolutely troublefree . bus leave every few minutes and its a short distance to the park . there be a few choice for food and we have a buffet dinner indian which be actually close to original . breakfast be not include in the room rent and be a bit expensive . checkout take some time especially on weekend with large crowds . the grounds be very neat and clean and good for an evening relax walk . we do not use the pool but do see lots of people use it even late in the evening

we stay at hollywood hotel for   night end of may with   kid age   and   we buy an annual pass for my daughter which entitle us to     off the rom rates . they also have a promo where stay at the hotel also entitle us to   days pass to disney park which come in really useful as it be rain the first day we be there . we arrive at the hotel at noon and be able to check into the room immediately . the hotel be truly design for kid and my kid be most impress with it . the rooms be fairly big for hk size , easily fitting the   of us and be very clean

our stay at disney hollywood be truly magical . we arrive at noon but our garden view room be not yet available . they recommend we upgrade to a park view room which be available . it be worth it ! ! we be able to freshen up right away , have a fantastic view of the park and the best part , we have the best view of the firework at   do n't forget to tune in to channel   on your tv during the firework to hear the narration and music . the breakfast at chef mickey be wonderful . the shuttle bus to disneyland be very convenient . the park itself be great although smaller and have less ride than the one in california . we enjoy the park for two days there be a promo   stay one night at the hotel , spend two days at the park . this be better than cram everything in one day . you get to really enjoy the ride and fantastic show be sure you watch festival of the lion king ! at your own pace . we hope you have the same magical experience we have

the stay at the disneyworld hollywood hotel in hongkong be a true blessing for the eastside of the world ! the hotel make very familie 's dream come true and fill up the family 'memory bank ' with loads of fun and love

our family of four   child age   and   begin our hong kong holiday with a   night stay at the hollywood disney hotel . what a gorgeous place ! our first impression be magnificent . the grounds be immaculate if only my lawn could be so green and the hotel itself be in a modern art deco style which be reminiscent of a magic past . so far , so good . we land in hong kong at   and so be at the hotel by   i be not expect our room to be available . but to our relief it be

we choose this hotel for the first four night of our very first overseas family holiday , and then move on to a kowloon hotel for the rest

during our trip to hong kong , we stay one night at the disney 's hollywood hotel . disney theme park give you entry for   days if you stay in the hotel please check for latest deal on the hotel website . i would highly recommend to stay in the hotel and enjoy the theme park for   days so that you can see it in leisure . please do not miss the firework at night at the theme park as well as a breakfast with disney charactors in the other hotel disneyland hotel . plan trip to disney towards your last   days in hong kong so that you can go straight to airport from disney as it be very close

too good hotel . kid and elder just love it

we have a fantastic time . the rooms be clean and definitely a good size for a hong kong hotel . check in and out be a breeze . staff be friendly and eager to help . when checking out , the staff ask where we be head off to next and i reply airport . without any prompt , he pick up the phone and call a taxi for me

we pay about   for the taxi ride from kowloon to disney hollywood hotel . the hotel be   away from disneyland park and shuttle service be provide between hotel     mtr disneyland park . frequency be less than the state   and the ride be comfortable

the previous review be all accurate but here be additional item i observe during the   night stay last march   ,  

we arrive very tired on the saturday last week to a very warm welcome at this hotel . all the staff be very friendly and always hand out sticker etc to the kid

i have stay at walt disney world numerous times in my life so i have fairly high expectation about disney . however , have visit disneyland paris a number of times , i am wary of how consistent the outside u .s . experience may be with my expectations . hong kong disneyland , and specifically disney 's hollywood hotel , exceed my expectations . from the very begin of secure my reservation all by e mail and fax no have to deal with be on hold at overseas rates ! ! , the experience be great . tammy , the reservation cast member , take care of everything from offering a not yet published at the time annual pass rate i buy an annual pass for the discount they give on the hotel to book my room

the last time we visit hk , we move from one cheap hotel to another depend on how near it be to what we be do the next day . to be honest , i really do not put any importance to the hotel that we stay in , as long as they be clean , i could care less about the other details , we only stay in there just to sleep anyway

we book a garden view room through hongkongdisneyland com together with their stay and play park ticket and chef mickey breakfast . when we get to the lobby to check in , the staff honor the voucher we be hold and pay for park ticket at   each and not the new price which be   per adult . they upgrade our room to sea view for free and we be very pleased . the room be big and clean . my son enjoy the tub so much . the animal towel be so cute . the landscape be just magnificent . we have loads of fun take picture in the hollywood letters . the mini playground be a thrill to my   year old boy . the breakfast at chef mickey be delicious . they serve vary menu . the restaurant itself be nice and memorable . the staff be friendly and efficient . they be extra nice to kid and keep on give disney stickers . my family and i have a very magical stay in this hotel . it be worth every penny we pay and so much more

if you 're take your family on a vacation to hongkong , i would say it be most convenient to stay at the disney hollywood hotel or at the disneyland hotel . these   hotel be just like   minutes away from the airport . and these hotel be the only one locate within the compound of disneyland . be so , go to disneyland resort with kid , be very convenient . there 's always a free shuttle wait outside the hotel to take you for a quick   ride to disneyland . it may be a bit pricey , but you 'll definitely get your money 's worth    nice and cosy disney themed rooms , all with double bed , good for   person in   room , a cable tv , wifi , nice view of the sea , nice bathroom and all

it 's very basic accommodation for a high price . we pay hk     Â £   for a night . this be more than we have pay per night at the last two   * hotel we have stay at on our holiday langham place hk and blue hotel sydney   both excellent

i arrive at disney â € ™ s hollywood at   after a flight from auckland and it be really good to turn up somewhere where even though a room wasn â € ™ t ready they could check me in , take care of the bag and i could make use of the outdoor pool when it open a little while later . admittedly nothing more than you would expect from a hotel but good that it happen with no fuss

this be a part of our   day trip to asia and this be the best hotel we stay in during the whole trip

we stay at the disney hollywood hotel from the   january , and have the most fantastic family time there . the staff be extremely polite and friendly , and go out of their way throughout our stay to assist us and make our stay extra special     which it certainly be

bring my family to hk disneyland in early dec   the hotel be about   minutes drive from airport . the hotel staff be friendly and helpful . hotel room be cosy with two double bed , clean and spacious for two adult and kids . the child enjoy their stay in the hotel as they could watch their favourite disney channels from hotel room and meet up with disney character occasionally . it take about   minutes to get to disneyland from the hotel . designate bus will pick up disneyland bound passenger on a   to   minutes interval daily

we go to hong kong to celebrate the new year   we arrive at the hotel at check out time so there be a lot of people at the lobby . but we leave our baggage with the staff and we then proceed to the park . stay at the hotel enable us to get     stay and play    park ticket , meaning we get ticket for   days for the price of   there be a shuttle service to transport hotel guest to and from the hotel every few minutes . all the hotel staff that we encounter be very friendly , courteous and helpful . the food at the hotel be quite pricey , but otherwise okay . the room be cozy and comfortable . the hotel really go the extra mile for the kid   mickey slipper , robe , even the soap and shampoo dispensers . transport to the rest of hong kong be a breeze with the mtr station nearby . they also have a taxi ready for us at   be for our departure

there be so many positive review for this hotel and mine be no exception . if you have kid and go to hk , the disney hollywood hotel or the disneyland hotel be a must

we stay with our   year old son to celebrate christmas with him . the lobby be a bit crowd on the box day when we check in . the service be good and efficient . the hotel outdoor area be really nice with pool area , nice garden with real size model car that use in movie as well as a nice path along the sea shore . the room be spacious with nice disney touch and a wide range of tv channels for the kids . our son simply love the hotel . the restaurant chef mickey also offer quality food though a bit pricy . the free shuttle bus to and from the theme park be quick and frequent as we always find a hsuttle bus wait for passenger

as write by most traveler , hollywood hotel be superb . there be no words to describe how magical the place was . it be one of the best hotel i have ever be to . every minute there be fulfil with interesting activities . there be so many activity could be do there . your child can swim at the pool , play at malibu toy shop , take part in the activity hold by the hotel and we can shop at the merchandise shop and take a stroll at the small park behind the hotel . the view from the hotel be very breathtaking . the hotel be very clean and lively too . if your main reason to visit hong kong be to go to disneyland , then i really think it be worth the money . as we be walk , we would bump into disney characters . it be much easier to take photo with these character at the hotel compare to at the disneyland . at disneyland , the queue be very long but at the hotel , you didn â € ™ t have to queue at all . we book the room cheaper than the price publish as i buy the one year visit pass for my son . the rate be about   + + i can â € ™ t remember the exact price . it â € ™ s worth as u get two double bed . plus , u get the second day entrance to disneyland free . the room be very spacious and the interior be nice too . there be a small room near the elevator where u can get free flow of ice cubes . all the staff be very helpful and polite . most of them speak fluent english and a few of them be not so good but still comprehensible . shuttle bus to disneyland and mtr station be there most of the time . do not take cab to the city as it be very expensive unless u â € ™ re really in a hurry . a trip to tsim tsa tsui by cab cost me   it be so expensive . one disadvantage of this hotel be its location . it â € ™ s very far from the city centre but u can always take the reliable mtr and u can reach the city centre in about   minutes . if u often go to the city centre , it â € ™ s better to buy the octopus card or the day trip card   . those be much cheaper compare to normal single trip tickets . if u plan to stay here , stay at least for a few days so that u can explore the whole hotel . in my opinion , one day be not enough to explore the hotel especially if you have small kids . there be so many things to be do here ! my son be really impress with the hotel and we promise to come back next year , if we have the time

fantastic stay   we be concern about stay at disney for   when we only plan to spend at most one day in the theme park . get downtown be n't much hassle and ride the disney mtr be part of the fun

my family of   , me , my hubby and   kid age   yr old and   month old thoroughly enjoy stay in hollywood hotel . book a garden view room for   night in mid november . purchase a child annual pass and get to enjoy     off the room rates , which leave us spare money for other expenses . we visit the park for   days with the stay and play package

an amazing stay . my dad and i love the service and international convenience . the staff speak   different language and be very friendly . the best part be , it have a bus service that go to the airport and theme park

excellent hotel , exceptionally clean with extremely helpful staff . . our holiday be so much fun with out two little one and that be because of the staff and hospitality that be show to everyone that stay at this hotel . exceptional service . wish we have book to stay longer as the hotel and grounds be just beautiful

we have just spend three night at this hotel and   wow    what a great hotel and a fantastic way to end a holiday in hk we have   night on hk island . the location of the hotel mean that you do n't even realise that the hustle and bustle of hk be only a relatively short train trip away you have to hand it to disney   they sure know how to do it well with all the little touch start with the special disney train with its mickey shape windows and statue in the carriages . the grounds to the hotel be superbly landscape and there be a large piano shape pool , which have   lifeguard patrol it at all times . the first night we be there we go to the enchant garden restaurant at the other disney hotel which be a superb buffet and all the disney character meet and greet   we have photo with mickey , minnie , pluto and goofy . the second night we eat at chef mickey at the hollywood hotel which serve both a buffet and a la carte menu . there be also a simple cafe plus a bar where you can order food . the hotel room be fine     double bed and enough space for all of us     adult and   girl age   and   . the little disney things in the room be hit   like keep the slipper , micket shape ear on the toiletries,the shower curtain , disney channel on the tv ! if your room look out towards disneyland you can watch the firework from your room and listen to the music from your tv

we just return from a fabulous holiday for   night in hong kong stay at the disneyland hollywood hotel . my wife and i take our two youngest child who be   and   we take the travel agent advice and go in october even though its peak season as its consider the best weather autumn to enjoy the island and attraction

stop in hollywood hotel , hong kong for a stop over     find it excellent in every way

the disney hollywood hotel in hong kong be a really nice hotel . it be one of   official hotel of the hong kong disney resort . access to the theme park be very easy via shuttle

this be my family 's first disney experience and it be excellent . we stay two night and it be the little touch that make it . check in be longish , however kid could sit and watch tv while we waited . we do n't even get to our room and the kid already have a character meet and greet

all that you would expect from a disney hotel ! a paradise for kid ! the little touch , like a tv in the check in area , character meet and greets , their activity room , and the funky pool   all really add to the kid stay    and if the kid be happy , mum and dad be happy ! beautiful landscape gardens . the only real let down be that the restaurant be pretty pricey , and they do n't have room service . regular shuttle bus to disneyland . and the trainstation there , can take you straight into hong kong . quick and easy ! * we be there from   may     may   apparently that week be a national china holiday    so the place be pack to the rafters    next time i 'll be checking their local holiday ! ! ! * first week in oct , be also a national holiday , i think

we have be to various disney resort tokyo , orlando , la , etc and this be the worst resort ever

my family stay here for   night , mid july   we have just a fabulous time , it be the tail end of a long busy holiday and this hotel prove to be perfect for relaxation and fun

we a group of ten ,   kid and   adult stay here from june  

my boyfriend and i check in to the hotel on a thursday afternoon . the check in be fast     efficient but we be n't give a room yet as it be n't ready at noon . check in be only after   hence we go on to disneyland , leave our luggage in their safe guard

we arrive at the hotel on a weekday noon , and find a ridiculously long and slow queue at the check in area . i wait for almost   hour just to check , eventhough there be       check in counter operational at that time . the problem be , the staff be very slow in handling each check in reuest . i estimate that most of the check in take about   minutes , and the more complicate one eventhoough i do not understand how complicate checking in can get take over half an hour . be n't that ridiculous ? i be pretty accurate in my observation as i time them use my watch . even my own check in take   minutes , where the staff ask me three times to confirm the number of park ticket that i want to purchase which i have already pre booked . so , i do not understand why she have to re confirm it three times during the check in process

my family   adult ,   old ,   yr old stay here for   night on the   ,   and   may   we buy an annual pass for my daughter and as a result save     on our accommodation by book directly with the motel . prior to our stay i email the motel and they be prompt and friendly with all their communications

one of the best hotel i have be to . the hotel be very clean . you can enjoy the wonder of disney inside the room . almost all the stuff find inside be custom make , like the lampshade , the shower curtain , shampoo bottle , slipper , etc . you can actually bring home the slipper and toiletry as souvenir and even the room card key

stay here last week   end of may

our family of four include two child age   and   stay at the hollywood hotel between may   and may  

our family   adult and   child     ,   and   stay here for   night in april . we have   interconnect rooms on the third floor . if you be in hong kong and be go to disneyland then i would recommend you stay in one of the disney resort to add to the experience . all the staff be extremely friendly and the child love receive the disney sticker

  of us age   ,   and   stay at this hotel from the   of may to the   of may and we all have a fantasic time

* chef mickey food be extremely varied . there be   restaurant to eat at and   shop to have take away , but there be plenty to choose from and price reasonably

staff of the hotel be very accomodating and very cheerful . the front desk allow us to have an early checkin so we can start tour the park . the room be spacious enough for   adult and   kid . room be clean and orderly

what can one say about this fantastic hotel that have n't already be say

we just return from a trip to hong kong where we stay at disney 's hollywood hotel . upon check in we be greet by some of the friendliest disney cast member we have ever meet and we have visted every disney property worldwide

this be a slighly cheaper hotel than the other disney hotel at disneyland hong kong . the hotel be full of mickey design , even the shower gel bottle and headboard  

hotel be huge , nicely decorate lobby , sprawling green lawn decorate with classic car and a piano shape pool   the rooms be large and clean   the man enjoy the dinner buffet at the chef mickey restaurant while some of us eat at the studio lounge   we then have breakfast at the hollywood and dine the next morning   we also enjoy buy special disneyland memento at the celebrity

have a lovely stay at the hong kong disney hollywood hotel for four nights . we reach late in the night so there be no issue with check in . the hotel be new and very well maintained . it be quite busy during the time which we stayed . inspite of this , the staff be very friendly and attentive . nothing to fault with

my family and i stay here for one night during easter holiday . the lobby of the hotel be great , when we check in the line up be a little long but then it be easter holiday

this hotel delight my daughter very much as she be a big fan of mickey     minnie mouse , goofy , daisy , donald , pluto . when we arrive at the hotel lobby in the evening , goofy be at the hotel lobby for the kid to take photo with

fantastic stay make possible by fabulous and positive staff who go beyond the call of duty to please you . the efficiency be superb   in every aspect . they will reply email within minutes , serve you within minutes

we want to give this hotel a try because we have hear from friend that this hotel be a fun one . so we squeeze it into our itinerary and stay for a night . we arrive at around   on march   , a sunday . the minute we get into the hotel it feel like disney already . there be only about   more family in the lobby and check in be a breeze . the hotel do not seem pack during our stay , they allow us to have a late check out of   the next day . the room look really clean and fun , the kid get very excite upon enter our park view room . the room have a flat screen one and all the disney channels be there . of course , we love the famous room slipper and robe for kid ! after settle down a bit , we take the hotel shuttle to the mtr and go to the tung chung citygate outlet for some last minute shopping . that night we eat the supper buffet at chef mickey 's , it be cheaper than the dinner buffet because it have less choice but be fill enough since we do n't get to eat all the stuff in the usual dinner buffet anyway . the time for this buffet be       next day we have breakfast buffet at chef mickey 's once more . the buffet have a wide array of international food and be fill once more . each mealtime they have a separate bowl , plate , and utensil for the little one with a mickey design . if you pre book your mealtime before arrive at the hotel , you get     off the regular rate . after our breakfast it be off to disneyland

my family and my wife 's family stay in this hotel last jan   ,   we book   garden view rooms . upon arrival , around   , the line for check in be very long . the line look like the line wait for a ride in disneyland . i wait around   before it be my turn . the check in be fast and they upgrade us immediately into a ocean view room which be the same size as the garden view room but the view be much nicer . the room be average size and everything be in order . the hotel be just   shuttle bus stop away from hong kong disneyland park . the shuttle bus be free and come every   minutes . its route be disneyland park to disneyland hotel to disney hollywood hotel and back to disneyland park . the room rate be just average versus the room rate of major hotel in hong kong . there be   hotel in hong kong disneyland   the hollywood hotel be the more casual type and the rate be cheaper . the disneyland hotel be more on the elegant side and around hkd   more . but you do n't need a very good hotel in disney since you will be stay whole day in disneyland park

we go here early   good proximity to the main park . nice , clean and big room with the view of the hotel 's park and the sea . shuttle bus service arrive every so often so not much wait needed . the best thing with this hotel be their excellent service . on the last day of our stay , i experience high blood pressure due to overwhelming disney experience probably = would and as soon as my wife call for medical assistance , the hotel send a nurse and a security personnel to check on me and make sure i feel better before leave me . they even allow to extend our room stay for an hour or   so i can get enough rest . i just wish they also have a doctor on stand by . but what the heck , i am still alive and make this review so i guess the nurse do a great job .

this hotel be the perfect stopover location for us on our way home to melbourne from london . the kid love the water slide , meeting disney character in the foyer , and eat breakfast at chef mickey . we eat other meal at disneyland , which be a short bus ride away . housekeep be efficient and the room clean . we ca n't wait to return to this hotel

my family     i stay at this hotel from       there 's nothing much to say . just to add my two cent here . from the moment we checked in until we checked out , everything be flawless . to all dhh staff , keep up the good work

when in hong kong disney , i suggest you stay in this hotel

we have just return from our wonderful trip to hong kong and china . we stay at disney 's hollywood hotel for   night on dec     jan   , and again for one night on jan  

except for the long check in wait   minutes , everything else be great . customer service from just about everybody be excellent . room big enough to sleep   adult and   kids . relatively big rooms for hk standards . they be short of their attendance target thus be very eager to offer deal and free upgrades . no difference between   type of room other than view . if you do n't plan on watch firework from room much better to watch from park anyway , no point in pay more for the park view room . after take their deal into consideration , it be quite reasonably price to stay at the hollywood hotel . breakfast and dinner buffet at chef mickey be expensive unless you get special deal but both offer excellent food . would definitely consider stay there again

we stay in hollywood hotel during its first month of operations when hk disneyland just opened . so everthing be fantastic frm the reception , to the rooms and the buffet restaurant outlet . disney character be everywhere and kid can take photo with the character to their hearts desire , my kid even play with goofey at the swim pool

celebrate a daughter 's   birthday be no mean task . for this particular birthday , we decide to celebrate it at hong kong disneyland . travel with small child age   and   we decide to shell out a few more dollar and book at the hollywood hotel instead of a city hotel for convenience 's sake

this be our second trip to hong kong , last time we stay at the hong kong disney hotel . we be very happy with the disney hollywood hotel , as it be very centrally locate close to disneyland , and close to the mtr for quick access to all of hong kong by train

my family , myself , my wife and   child , stay for a day , for a long overdue vacation . other than the hotel have so many guest , the entire experience be nice . there be a line at the reception area . with the date we have choosen , the week between christmas and new year , a peak tourist season , this be understandable . consider the long line of people ahead , it only take us about   minutes to have ourselves check in . the staff be very courteous . the staff take all the trouble to make our stay memorable . call a bellboy to take down laguages during the checkout need improvement though . we decide to take all of our laguages down as no bell boy come after   minutes . whatever shortfall cause by the bell boy be more than make up for by the reception staff , the waiter , the cleaning lady , the shop sales people and all the rest of the staff we met . in all , a nice service disney should keep up

i really enjoy our stay in this hotel because it really be a mickey moiuse heaven ! compare to some other hotel rooms , it 's quite small , but not uncomfortably small . the rooms have lots of mickey things like mickey decor , mickey toiletry and mickey slippers . the bed be comfy and the tv be a flat screen tv . the bathroom be clean and comfy , quite small though

have a one night layover in hong kong , we choose the hollywood hotel and what a beautiful hotel it is . we be both impress by every aspect of the hotel , the lobby be beautiful , the staff courteous , the room impressive , we be on our way to manila ,so it be our loss to be there just one night . it be much nicer than the the manila peninsula ! the taxi from the airport cost   hkd . we be airline staff and they give us the room for   usd in late october

i stay there with my wife and   years old girl from   nov

my family visit hk disneyland in early november . we have a lovely stay at the disney hollywood hotel

wow . we have just come back from a three night stay and have an excellent time . we   adult       kid age   and   arrive at the hotel at   after an overnight flight no sleep to find our rooms be ready and we could check in immediately . the room be really quiet and we could set the air con to our preferred temp . what a lovely surprise to find 'mickey ' slipper which we be welcome to keep . bathrobes even for the kid be a great touch too . the room be very clean and we could close the curtain and block out the light to sleep . the hotel service be perfect   very friendly and efficient . even the lady that do the rooms would ask what time you would like your room cleaned . our kid be make to feel special   always chat to and forever be hand disney stickers . goofy be always hang around which the kid loved . there be a kid tv lounge , a 'kids club ' where you could go and colour in , play game etc . and each day there be various organise activity for the kids . the pool be brilliant   love the waterslide   and the water temp be   degrees . great spa too . and there be always a couple of lifeguard around the pool   even at night pool be open until   . the hotel have three different place to eat a snack bar with things like salad and sandwich , a bar that have meal and the buffet restaurant . all we could say about the buffet dinner be yum yum yum   it be excellent . there be also a shop with disneyland souvenir etc . the shuttle bus be very regular and only take a few minutes to get to disneyland   mtr station . we get a taxi from to the airport   easy and cost about hkd     each way . we love our stay here and will definitely be back

here 's what i write to disney 's hollywood hotel

this be the first disney experience for my partner and i , and the second for our friend and her daughter . all of us be thrill with the hollywood hotel . i notice some cynicism in previous review , so i intentionally choose to just take it for what it be and have some fun , and fun be exactly what we have ! yes , it 's kind of over the top , but that 's what disney be all about

brilliant hotel , really enjoy our   night stay here , we book   rooms and although none of us have child , but we enjoy the atmosphere , the convenient shuttle that run every   min to disneyland     mtr , the releaxing sea view from the window , the nice decor and the comfy big beds . we think the food cost will be a bit expensive , but we find that one of the cafe be very good , it 's like a nice little cafe if you just fancy a simple cup of tea and cake with reasonable price  

read some bad review about this hotel , but decide to try it . it turn out to be a nice hotel , the twin bed be big , big enough for   adult     a child to sleep comfortably

what a great place to stay . be pleasantly surprised . the check in be a breeze , the staff be extremely helpful and inform you of all the current promotion and discount available

we stay for   night at the hollywood hotel and be so please that we choose this hotel . we be a family of   with four child age from   through to   the hotel be fantastic and give us connect rooms , with the two older child stay in one room and my husband and i with the two younger chldren in the other

just return from hong kong with last   day in hong kong disneyland . we my wife ,   kid and myself stay in this hotel on   sep   we be quite please with the stay as we we be give the highest floor   and early check in       late check out   . may be it be off peak . rooms be big enough to fit all of us with a baby cot nicely slot in between the   twin beds . the hotel staff even bring us a bathe basin for the baby when they fix up the baby cot while we be enjoy ourselves in the disneyland park

we just recently get back from a trip to hong kong . the place be okay , we love the street markets . bargaining be a must . stay at dorset olympic for the first   night and then satyed at disney hollywood for the next two . i wshed we have more night at disney . the hotel have big spacious rooms . it be a great place to stay for family with small child as it be locate near disneyland where we could just take the shuttle bus provide by the resort . wait for the bus be not a problem since there be always a bus . altho the room rate be a bit on the high side , we think it be worth it . i totally recommend it to everyone , young and old

this be our first time in a disney hotel . room be spacious by hong kong standard     well appointed . we have   double bed which be perfect for our family of   adult       kid

excellent hotel of a very high standard we also stay at the disneyland hotel but think this be much nicer , as it be more peaceful and the main restaurant food be slightly better . the service and standard of accomodation be that of a good five star . it have a great pool and nice grounds

we stay with our   child age   and   very clean lovley hotel pleanty of space in the room , fab pool the free bus run very couple of minuit to disney land and the train station so you can easly go and explore hong kong  what great holiday would recomend this hotel to

hollywood hotel be a great place to stay in when you intend to visit disneyland in hk . we especially like the current promo they have you get to enter the theme park for two days straight when you be a guest at the hotel . as i be with two elderly parent and a baby , we appreciate be able to relax for half a day in the hotel before venture to the park and then continue for yet another day the next day . while disneyland be much much smaller than the other disneyland we have be to orlando and la , the heat be too much for us and it be good to be able to go back to the hotel when we see fit . from the time when i call to make a reservation talk to somebody name kevin who even call me up long distance when we get disconnect ! to the time when we have a lovely breakfast at chef mickey , it be an overall great experience . true , the hotel be a bit expensive and not what i expect disney hotel in the usa seem bigger and better but it still have the disney charm . from mickey mouse ballpen to mickey slipper , they have adequate disney touches . the service be good . they give us connect rooms as we have request and also provide a mickey themed crib for my baby complementary of course . the bed be huge and comfortable    maybe a little bit on the hard side but i think most hk hotel be like that . plus , they allow four people in one room so that 's a big help if you 're three or four people stay in one room like us . most hk hotel charge you a triple rate or quadruple rate if you 're   or   adult stay in one room . the only complaint i have be that the room size be small consider the bed be big . we can hardly open our luggages . end up opening them on our beds . true , other guest might be a bit noisy but that can be true elsewhere in hk also . just a tip , if you 're three or more people , it 's better to take a cab from the city and go there probably around hk     with a     fee per luggage in the trunk . and then take another cab from the disney hotel to the airport since it 's just a   minute ride to the airport . good experience overall and would n't mind stay there again

book online direct with hotel . july     nites before go to kowloon part of our holiday

what an amazing hotel . my husband , me and my two child   and   stay for   night in march . we absolutely love it . the foyer be beautiful with statue of mickey mouse , check in be easy and staff very friendly . rooms be clean and sprinkle with disney touch like the shower curtain , tolieties , picture on wall etc . rooms be perhaps a bit small with not a lot of room to move , but this do n't bother us at all . the outdoor pool and spa be great , my kid love the water slide . the breakfast buffet be very nice , even the waffle be shape of mickey . the evening food be a bit expensive but if you eat in the park it be a lot cheaper . there be a free bus every   minutes to and from the park and we never have to wait for more than   minutes . it be a little out of kowloon so really suit if you want the whole disney experience . we love disneyland hong kong and would absolutely have no hesitation in stay here again

my brother and i stay here for the last night of our   tour   our experience be awesome ! from reception we be give an upgrade to a seaview room   we stay at the   floor   the hotel staff be all so friendly   check in be no hassle and check out you just have to go down your room at   nothing more to ask or do unless you avail of the internet connection etc , then you just leave your stuff and go back to the park for another fun day  

although the rooms and their bathroom be very small , our stay in this hotel be memorable . the theme be great . lift , bedroom , stationery and toilet amneties all have the mickey mouse symbol . even breakfast waffles . it be fun . the hotel also have a nice swim pool and a jackuzzi

stay at disney hotel with family . place be     full , and the hotel do not have the resource for so many bookings . several hours in line to check in , no porter for bag , rooms be small and noisy , no room service or any extra

upon return to hk this time i take time to take the family to disneyland . we stay two night at the hollywood

this hotel be fanastic . the overall experience be great

hollywood disney hotel â € “ to be a child again

the hollywood hotel be one of two at the hong kong disneyland resort , which be just over a year old . the details at this hotel be incredible ! the lobby , rooms and grounds be impeccable and the service be outstanding . though we arrive at midnight , our check in be quick and courteous , we be able to buy park pass , and our non smoking , king bed , park view room be still wait for us

gorgeous . my family and i stay at the hollywood hotel for   night and it be the most memorable part of our trip to hong kong . on arrival back from china to hong kong we be pick up by disneyland limo and drop right at the door . as soon as we step out of the limo staff be there to take our bags . we walk up to the desk and be then suprised with an extra days free park ticket ! check in be easy and simple and we also exchange the rest of the chinese money we have left . we book two rooms as we have   people   kid ,   teen ,   adult . at first i be abit disapointed to be stay on the ground floor i want to ride in those mickey elavators , damnit ! , but the rooms be amazing and the pool be a short walk away

i have not long return from my stay at disney hollywood hotel in hong kong and i be write this in the hope that other people will not experience the terrible stay i have and choose to stay elsewhere

its a beautiful hotel , thoughtfully fitted . love the cute mickey theme eveywhere include the toiletry

i be at the hotel last   with a group of   guest , they treat me very bad one day at the night around   they call me from the reception to pay some money i mean they didnot wait till morning thats really bad , sales dept . also very bad no customer service at all i not recommend any one to stay at this hotel

me , my wife and child age   and   stay at this hotel for   nights . the facility be basic but clean . we stay at garden view room at   floor , but luckily have window from where we can see the sea . the double bed be small , so it be not comfortable to sleep with your kid in the same bed

we stay one night with our   and   yr old daughter and they simply love this hotel . the room be big and clean they enjoy the pool and i cant believe the park be so spacious and nice . if you want to save some cost be better to bring your own snack and drink for the kid during your stay there . plus the hotel be have     stay one night and play for   days    promotion for international guest which mean you get a second day pass to disney for free . i highly recommend anyone go to disneyland to stay at least one night here be all worth it as i understand that other disney 's park hotel be much more pricey

we have just return from a   day holiday to hk disneyland . we stay at the disney 's hollywood hotel which be pretty and interesting for the children . the play area be great and the pool quite invite despite the rain

