the hotel be a standard   star within   minutes to   different stations but after a long day this can be a bit sore on the feet . they have an hourly shuttle to their other hotel which be near the night market which be a good idea to take . overall   days there be a bit too much . yes rooms be small but they be clean and staff be friendly . we get the price online very cheap for about   buck canadian a night which be hard to beat in hong kong . if you be a walker then go for it because we walk for hours . i would not pay the full price for them though , i only book it because it be   buck more than a guest house

if you be only look for cheap rooms , you can get one for under   hkd , but almost everything else be not worth the save

i stay with my partner at the dorsett kowloon for   week , our room be n't spacious but be comfortable . it be on   floor and have good view , the room have amenities like a kettle , tv , fridge and air con

we have book this hotel from a hotel website     get the best price . the area of hotel be actually in mongkok , name dorsett kowloon may mislead you as it be in kowloon . the surround of hotel be dirty     nothing available at doorstep . far from the place of interest

great hotel , reception staff be a little frosty but provide an efficient service when request the housekeep staff on the other hand be much friendlier

there be no standard at all from dorsett hotel . i come to hotel via taxi and the doorman have already see me that im carry a heavy bag but wht he do be just watch me . system be not accurate , no one explain as well the fire exit and even the feature of the room . internet be connection be too expensive to think its only three star hotel . even no considerartion for a wiser price of late check out   minimum late check out charge be expensive becaause there be no satisfaction at all . they actually should give a consideration because the location of the hotel be too bad wherein you can only see building around you with old ac attached . staff be not friendly and helpfull . except one butler who open the lift for the guest and even assistance in the room . im workin in a five star hotel . and   star hotel should have a set of goal and satndard to meet the satisfaction of the guest . for them to get a repeat guest

i am travel with my husband and arrive in hk pretty late around  

the hotel be neat and clean . the staff be very pleasant and of help nature . they maintain our room neat and clean . it be a small room but we enjoy the stay

stay here for the chinese new yr celebration , get really good rates , front desk right away accommodate me to avail rm despite be early . really tiny rm but i be single traveler , so it be okay . room smell fresh clean and so be tiny bthrm . all amenities be present , good use of space . location a good   minute walk to train , not that near as they describe , and one should be really sharp about map or orientation . i take the bus from airport to yau ma tei and take a cab which be suppose to be a   minute ride . cab pretend he do not know area and play acted by take out book with map and locations . end up play double what should be rate . i be seasoned traveler , work for an international airline , and besides could blend in hongkong so i do not at all look green , but watch out for scam like this . be very clear of route and map before get in cab , if you can help it . breakfast buffet at hotel be really good and reasonable and so be lunch . there be a shuttle that can bring guest to train stop as well as to airport express train station in kowloon . front desk be professional , but friendly and helpful     i would stay here again

yes yes the rooms be small    but like the budgie , it 's cheap

we book for the first   night of our visit to hk because it be sell out afterwards , we move to the hotel benito , which be far better in every single way , and be more or less the same price . dorsett be very very noisy . i would not return to dorsett kowloon nor recommend , it be fine , but not a hide gem

myself and my girlfriend stay in this hotel for   night at begin of march . we read a lot of review on tripadvisor beforehand and they be very helpful . the rooms be small but we not mind as we mainly use the hotel as a base to go off and do things around hong kong . it work well as a base , it be about a   minute walk from olypmic mtr station and about   min from mong kok mtr . which make it ideal for nathan road and the night market of kowloon

this must be the best value in hong kong . the room be small but it be clean and well furbish   nothing tatty as be so often the case with smaller , cheaper hotels . the staff housekeep and concierge be polite and very professional . the location initially seem a bit far from the hustle and bustle but , once you have map your shortest route to nathan rd . , you be only   mins . brisk walk away from all the fabulous shopping in mong kok . for what i pay for my accommodation , i think this place be fabulous . the buffet breakfast at hk     compare favourably to place where i have pay   times that for breakfast in hk . if you need a bigger room with al the other facility , go and pay for it ! ! the room be very quiet , unlike rooms i have stay in in expensive hotel where the street noise be audible

negative comment

i stay at this hotel for   nights . we choose this hotel because it be the cheapest in town area

we stay in the basic double room . it be a pleasant stay as everything be clean , new and comfortable . the only downside be that the room be quite small as be the single beds . i be     and my foot dangle off the bed a little , if you be shorter than this you should be fine

we stay here march of last year and decide to stay here again this year . although the rooms be a bit small , it be cheap around hk     + a night , and just a few minutes walk to olympic mtr station . they also have a free shuttle service to airport express kowloon station and to mong kok

i stay at dorsett olympic in mid january   with a girlfriend , we decide to go for the cheaper option and take a bus from the airport , it be a struggle to communicate with the driver in regard to what stop to get off at . but we manage with a bit of luck and some english speak local , its quite convenient if you know what stop to get off , its only   bus which take about       minutes from the airport , you get off and walk underground to cross road and its about   minutes walk from the bus stop . but unfortunately the mtr be a bit further away about       minutes to mong kok

although not locate in the middle of the shopping district , it 's still very accessible through the mtr and the free shuttle service to and from the airport express , and other strategic locations . rooms be small , but very clean and comfortable . staff be friendly too . there 's a mcdonald 's and a shopping mall nearby , and the mtr be walk distance . will definitely book here

friendly staff and very clean rooms ! yes , the rooms be on the small size , however it 's all you need while in hong kong . free shuttle service to mtr station and other dorsett hotel close walk distance to market ! . mcdonalds and     block away . breakfast be very nice

this be a low to mid budget hotel locate probably in one of the most congest and overcrowded parts of the planet . that say , the staff be extremely helpful , and the rooms be clean

i do alot of research before decide to stay in this hotel . do n't have much expectation but hotel end up do better than expected . room be quite small , but adequate for   persons . hotel room be clean , they take their cleaning house keep seriously . fresh towel everyday . new bed if requested . a c be cold but be adjustable in room . staff ok friendly but only helpful when needed . the housekeep staff tend to be more courteous than the front desk staff , thou they do n't speak fluent english they will greet you     make you feel like home . the hotel be in a older side of hong kong , but it 's very urban . there 's a   locate around the corner with mini + bus stops . walk distance to nathan road , about   mins . overall condition of the hotel be satifactory . they also offer luggage storage for traveller w  flight after the check out time . i will stay there again

very nice hotel near the center of hong kong . olympic mtr metro station be a   minute walk but be n't on the most useful hk transit line taxis be very cheap though   e .g . dorsett to kowloon center tsim sha tsui       hk =   â ‚ ¬

i stay here for four night in march . i think the room be great   clean , light and modern . ok , so my foot be hang over the end of the bed i am   but i get use to it . the people on the front desk be very helpful

okay . it be small , but it be clean . for me , clean trump big . some friend of ours stay at another hotel the imperial and it be more like a western hotel , the lobby be clean , but the room be old and moldy . the dorsett olympic be clean , quaint , and quiet . it be near shopping area and the train station be right around the corner . and hong kong have one of the most comprehensive train system i have ever seen . we be only there   days and by the time we leave i feel like a pro on the subway . as long as you know what station you want to go to you 'll have no problem get to where you need to be . the only bad thing about the dorsett be the     buffet    . it be suppose to be a western style breakfast buffet , but it be a nasty collection of snack food and odd sides . i mean like hot dog , dumplings , croissant , bake bean , and spam . certainly not worth the price . but no fear . if you want something a little more like breakfast there 's a mcdonalds right around the corner and they have sausage mcmuffins . other than that i have no complaints . the bed be slightly smaller than what we call a twin bed in america and at     if i scooched down too low my foot hang off the bed , but my hubby 's   '     and he have no complaint about his bed . it be a fun way to experience a little bit of asian living . think and live simple and small

the picture you see be of a     standard room    on the   floor . unfortunately i have book a     king    room , and end up be give a twin room instead . the check in process be enjoyable , the people very polite . i arrive however at       and be starving . front desk tell me last order allow be at       when i call to order , they tell me     sorry be closed    , a half hour early

base on the limited information in earlier review , i be pleasantly surprise with my stay at the dorsett . yes , the bed be very firm , and the rooms very small and the air condition do not seem to have a heat option . on the other hand  

my girlfriend and i stay here   nights . although the rooms be small , like almost all in hk , they be well equip and above all very clean . it take about two minutes to walk via olympic station , which be easy to get to from the airport via a change at tsing yi . although it take   minutes to walk to nathan road , we enjoy the fact we be away from the craziness . breakfast be a buffet affair mix cantonese and western . a vending machine in the lobby be handy take octopus card too as it be loads cheaper than the minibar

i be n't sure what to expect when i get to this hotel . i have hear it be very small and also it be new . other than that i do n't know what i would find

we stay here for   night split up with a side trip in between . we be newly arrive from america and wonder the street look for the hotel . the hotel be set a few foot off the street with no big signage to guide the way . note to hotel   allow guest to find the hotel be a good idea ! you can literally be standing at the shop next to the hotel and not at all tell that the hotel be there

my bf and i stay for   days in nov   we book the room through our travel agent , only to realize there be   single bed instead of a queen size bed . request to change room but be tell the hotel be fully book , so we have to move the   bed together . and every morning , the housekeeper will move them back to their original place and we 'd have to do the move all over again

let me start by say we be look for a hotel that be     good enough    and that 's what we found . my partner and i be visit hong kong on a weekend , when hotel price seem to go through the roof . after spending a lot of time reading review and look at price , we conclude the dorsett olympic appear to provide a good balance between price and quality

the overall stay at dorsett olympic be quite a nice one   in terms of cleanliness    it be good   nice chamberlady   and clean n cosy furnishing . in terms of location   although it be not near the main nathan road , take a cab down to mongkok be only less than hkd   also , it be   min walk from olympic station which be along tung ching line . so location wise should n't deter one from choose dorsett olympic hotel . overall , the staff be quite friendly , with nice staff opening the door or press the door lift for you

the room be small as expect , but it have everything we need so it be good value . the dine room be limited and do not give us a full breakfast . the     pc with internet access    as advertise be non existant

i stay for a week while attend an event at the hong kong expo

the rooms be rather small but i be well prepare for that since i have check up on it on a few travel website include trip advisor . however there be a lack of storage space since the closet be really small . recommend to book a double room as its bigger than a twin room since price be same . even the closet and toilet seem bigger in the double room . location wise , it be definitely not your touristy area and it look like it be situate in this metal industrial area . but that be still bearable since it be n't particularly noisy or anything . it be about   min from the main shopping area of kowloon and maybe   min from tsim sha tsui , hence will really require a lot of walk or cab rides . staff be not exactly very courteous but you can still live with that . i would n't mind stay there again as the room be really clean and neat and its value for money   it cost less than     per night

i and   friend be stay in the dorsett olympic on   august   for holiday . the room be quite small but adequate for two person , the bed be only   m long so if you more than   m this could be a problem . the room be very clean and bright so the bathroom . the nearest mtr be olympic which be about   minutes walk but you can always catch the hotel shuttle bus to the pioner center than to mtr prince edward which be only   block away from the drop off point . there be two seven eleven shop and one park n shop near the hotel less than   minutes walk . i also have a friend who stay in dorsett olympic for   day then move to dorsett seaview because olympic be full . accord to him , dorsett olympic be better than dorsett seaview while seaview cost more than olympic , the room be more modern and cleaner at olympic . for its price , i think dorsett olympic be

what draw the most attention to this hotel be that it be the cleanest and newest building in the area    i would agree that the area be a bit old and not very pleasant look , but that 's hk . the room be tiny , but once again   that 's hk

i stay in the dorsett olympic hotel for a week . overall i really like this hotel . the rooms be small but it 's hong kong , you ca n't expect to get a very large room at a reasonable price . as a solo female traveller i feel the room be small but nice and cozy . another reviewer comment that this hotel be locate in a total slum . it be true that the area surround the hotel be not very visual appealing . but a lot of area in hong kong look a little run down but be perfectly safe . as a solo female and often very paranoid traveller i feel safe walk from the hotel to olympic station since it be literally only a   min walk . however at night past       pm i take taxis just to be a little extra cautious

we stay here june   ,   and i would say this be a good and nice hotel for its price . we be able to get a good rate   per day for a twin room . the room be very clean and well organize despite the fact that it be small . staff speak good english , and they be very polite and accommodate

stay here the first week of december   for two days . be a big man     ex rugby player , i find the room to be very small . i have double room with two single bed for me and a buddy of mine . it be rather claustraphobic , there be really no space to manouvre . the room be clean and the bedding be make up everyday . the bathroom be tiny . the guy at the reception be good though . he give us map and be always on hand to help if we have any question

i go to hong kong to see a friend who be there for a study abroad program . i stay a week and i must say this place be such a great place to stay . room and bathroom be small but that 's ok . there be a tv with   english channels on it , the bed be nice , and the place as a whole make up for it greatly . there be excellent service at the front desk and they make it so easy for me with the english they speak very well . shuttle be always on time and the maid tidy up the room every day . bellman will push the elevator button for you and direct you out to the shuttle bus when it arrived . if i have any shopping , direction , or nightlife question they be always helpful by pull out a map and point out all they know which be alot  they call taxis for me one time the guest service guy go all the way up the road just to flag one down for me ! i be so very please with my stay and would stay there over and over again . be careful , though , it 's in olympic city which be not an area where many other westerner stay . the place be still very safe , and be never in any worry that anything would be stolen . i be pretty much the only westerner at the hotel . but a   min . shuttle ride will get you to an mtr metro station which will open the door to anywhere you want to go in kowloon or hong kong island . it 's super cheap ! so be the taxis , but more expensive than the mtr

stay in this hotel in april   for   nights,got there by metro and get off at the station olympic was not a good idea with big luggage as it take   min walk we have twin rm   look exactly the same as the photo published yes,small,it be hong kong , and i just pay   â ‚ ¬  night     i ca n't expect a   room i get what i pay for new , nice     clean room not good situate for tourist but the hotel provide shuttle bus service to mongkok,kowloon station     temple street once every hour even by taxi to mongkok it be just a few minute drive     cheap . the service people front desk,housekeeping     concierge be all very nice    

i stay in this hotel for a total of   days in between i leave for a short trip to korea . the service at the front desk be excellent . the day when we check in , the receptionist give us an option to check out the double bedroom and twin bedroom to decide which one we liked . the room size be a little small compare to other north america country , but this be a normal size in hongkong . we stay in a room at   floor . the room be very clean and decent with some tasteful decoration . there be a in room safe where you can keep your valuable . the free shuttle bus service be excellent . each hour sharp from       , the first stop be pioneer centre mtr station   prince edward , second stop be dorsette seaview hotel mtr station   yau ma tai , third stop be kowloon mtr station directly attach to airport express line . however , if you do n't take the shuttle bus , walk distance to the mtr station be approximately   minutes to mongkok station e exit . there be in fact some minivan and bus stop in the area , you just have to find out if the route suit you . everyone in the hotel be very courteous and helpful , always have smile on their face . the hotel restaurant have a very modern design , on the second floor

a tall thin building close to hong kong 's most crowd area , mongkok . nevertheless , conveniently place for the airport , kowloon and central as it have two mtr stations very close by

my bf and i stay at the dorsett for   weeks . first impression of the hotel be that it be nicely decorate , but rooms on the small side . the view on the   floor , wasnt exactly spectacular but it be clean and service be good but find the staff do not speak english as fluently as i expected . not situate in the best of area as it be quite a walk to mong kok station , esp when its   celcius ! great shopping in mong kok and nathan road which be close by and lots of different attraction only a few stop away . hotel best suit to people who not intend to stay in their room for the duration of their stay . noise level be to a minimum , no street noise , get peaceful night sleep     of the time , maid usually get their hoover out early and the door be n't exactly noise proof . overall , pleasant , but would not stay here again

we stay a couple of week in hk in dec  

i stay here for   night and find it convenient and comfortable . the staff be a little abrupt but efficient . the room be clean . it feel a little on the small size but still adequate . the location be excellent being very close the olympic mtr and taxis frequently pass by at the street corner   block away . the street be quiet at night . i eat at the hotel cafe once and it be nothing spectacular but be an ok option if you 're too tired to go out . it be one of the best budget hotel i have stay in

we stay in the dorsett olympic for   days in november and would recommend it as a relatively cheap stay . it appear to have recently be refurbish and would Ã © cor and bathroom fitting be all of a good standard â € “ fresh and clean . the rooms be small but adequate and ours on the   non smoking floor even have a view out to the harbour . the house keeping service be excellent â € “ very prompt at lending us plug and computer cable etc . staff seem to have good english skill

stay at the dorsette olympic hotel last march and think it be a great hotel , overall

