we stay there for   nights    the rooms be very clean    i just not like the guy in conceirge he get angry so fast    the location be good   there 's a lot of shopping mall near    the food be well prepare but not that delicious   but over all i like this hotel

we stay at dorsett far east for   days just last september , we have a great time at this hotel especially the buffet breakfast , it be most convenient to have breakfast take at the hotel than otherwise , especially if u get kid travel with u , would have be hard for us to locate a nice place to eat before we hit our tours with kid tag along , since we 're not familiar with the place . rooms be a ok ! tiny but really cute , so clean and neat and if i be to compare the housekeep service to most hotel i stay at in the usofa , theirs be more accomodating even though they do n't speak very good english , they 're very polite and would attend to your need in a flash . there 's just one guy in the front desk that i think should n't be there , so cold and unwelcoming . overall , it be a great place to stay in , so yeah i recommend this hotel if u plan to visit hongkong

this be my first time in hong kong . i be not the one who choose the hotel for us . i would say this be a very nice hotel but a little bit small for others ' taste especially the bathroom

small double room but great location in busy area with shop , mall and very close to mtr short walk   very safe area . cleaning staff be very good . room be very clean . would recommend this hotel if you like small value room . i pay     per night during new years rate very good rate . mtr ride be approx .   to the tst area or hk island . bed be very short and shower very small

my hubby and i be invite by our newly wed friend who be give a hk package gift from one of their relatives . we be at first hesitant on the hotel which we have to stay for accord to our research it 's far from the main city . i for myself have my vacation last   in one of nathan road 's hongkong hotel as for the rest of the group it be their first time . when we arrive , my first impression be it be a small hotel but when a i enter the room it be small as i read on review but it be clean and it have all the functional amenities . the room be clean from time to time and our things be secured . staff be helpful and courteous . there 's a lot of food to choose from in the breakfast buffet . the fact the hotel rate be cheap they be able to provide good service and supply need for their guests . i 'll definitely go back to this hotel if time permit me to be in hongkong again

be no bad stay here  room be small but be clean near subway station but subway station to xim sa shui bout   min be far for me will not stay there again but be good hotel also

i stay here for   night in november   the rooms be pretty small , which be ok for me , give that i be a lone female traveller , and that heathrow airport have conveniently lose my luggage . however , for a couple or for a prolong stay , or if you be pretty tall , you would probably be better off stay somewhere a bit bigger

my first trip to hong kong be full of anxiety . nobody i know can recently tell me how hong kong be

i read many review of this hotel before choose it as my recommodation in hong kong . the first word i say when i enter the room be ,     wow , the photographer have a really great technic to capture a small room into a big room !     but pleasure its clean . the toilet be really small , especially the shower

the hotel location be just a few min walk away from tsuen wan mtr station   room be clean and the staff be nice   though may not be very near to the famous lady street in mongkok  but mtr service be very fast   accessible to every parts of hongkong  there be shopping centre and food centre nearby too .

one thing i like be the location of the hotel . it be near to the mtr and be good for new visitor who be unfamiliar to the bus route when they want to travel to different destination

the rooms be tiny and so be the bathrooms . there be no wardrobe space however the location be very good for travel round hong kong . it 's opposite the station and it 's only a   trip into the centre of kowloon and another   minutes to hong kong island

yes   the rooms be tiny . the shower be probably the smallest one in the world , and the bed be short . i am   and my foot be off the end of the bed   but the width of the bed be ok for   people

small rooms but cozy , cold rooms , clean , nice lcd tv mount on wall . wifi be expensive and be n't free . elevator be soo small . but overall it 's not that bad

if you be look for a cheap hotel in hong kong , i recommend this hotel . if you book through their own website , they usually have half price promotion on

my wife and i stay in this hotel during a trip to visit her family in tsuen wan . on the plus side it be very convenient to the mtr station and the buffet breakfast be very enjoyable . also we do have a nice view of the park from our window . air con be good also

have travel to hongkong before and have stay in rooms   bigger than the one we stay here in dorsett . however , the rooms be definitely clean and bathroom i give thumb up

we use this hotel as a stop over between flight from a   week trip to vietnam so have big bags . my husband be over   foot tall . on arrival we notice we seem to cause amusement on enter our room we realise why , the bed be the room with about   inch to spare . also the bed be only about   ' foot long , my husband legs certainly extend over the end when he be lay down . the hotel be locate close to bus stop the metro and a shopping

overall , this hotel be worth for money . the design be good , furniture be new as it be only open in october ,   , staff be quite friendly and it be strategically locate

