as many other review have say , the hotel rooms be quite small and minimal , but we find them quite clean and it be a good deal for the price we paid . we stay here for   night and have   twin rooms amongst us . there be just enough space for you to sleep comfortably and place your suitcase down . we do n't spend much time in the hotel at all because we be out most of the time anyway . the hotel be in the perfect location . it be a short walk away from yau ma tei train station and the temple street night market be right at it 's doorstep . there be also a lot of nice cheap eats at the market . the other market in mong kok be also just a stone 's throw away

this hotel be good if you do n't want to spend a lot of money , but still have a clean place to sleep in a great location

ok    first off , if your goin to hk for shopping like me and my g f , you wont be in the hotel for a long time , all we need be somethere to sleep . yes the room be on the small side , but they have everything u need    and plus its cheap    what do u expect ? ?

three words   would not

we stay here for   night , i find the hotel rooms modern , small and clean . we have breakfast in the hotel but it be very cold and it be not suppose to be you do however get to see a partial view of the harbour . the hotel be locate about   minutes to the yau ma tei mtr station . the hotel be at the near end of temple st . and nathan road

we choose this hotel because it be cheaper due to some recent renovations . the receptionist speak too fast in break english . i have to ask him several times to repeat what he be saying . the lift be very slow . the room be tiny , the furniture oddly placed . the save grave be the newly renovate i think sept oct bathroom â € “ clean and tidy but so small . the shower be about two foot side with a shower curtain , not glass . as the hot air rise the cold air rush in the bottom pull the cold curtain against you . every time you move you hit the curtain . the water from shower head fall at a very sharp angle so you have to stand with your face about six inch from the wall

the hotel be very small but the price be reasonable for hotel in hk

my husband and i stay there for   and   nights . the rooms be small but it be clean . i recommend it to young couple like us . the staff be helpful and nice except for one , the lady receptionist schedule at night ! she be snobbish to a filipina like me   but my husband and i just ignore her and enjoy our stay there . the hotel be very near to bus stop , mtr stations , temple street , night market , jade market , nathan road and the tin hau temple , there be lots of   around the hotel . it be also near the broadway cinemateque , yau ma tei rest garden , mcdonalds , and lots more ! you can enjoy the kowloon city and can go back easily to the hotel if you want to rest or to change clothes . the hotel be very accessible and be locate at the heart of the city . we love our stay here and will definitely go back !

we know we be in trouble when the first response from reception be     we do n't realise you would have so much luggage      my wife and i only have   large and   medium size suitcase between us ! ! to start , the hotel be misname because there be certainly no seaviews of any sort , just view of the wash hang from the back windows of the aprtment complex across the road . there be only   very small lift service   floor , and it be a regular occurance to have to let the lift pass three or   times before there be space available . the one time i decide to use the stairs they be also be use as storage space create a fire hazard , and the stairs dump me in a dirty back alley . the smoke smelling room have a double bed push into   corner , leave only     of floor space down one side and at the foot of the bed . there be a small bedside table , but no upright table or chair of any sort . no movie chanel of any sort as advertise , and tv chanels be local commercial chanels , only one of which have any sort of regular program in english . mini bar be only   deep , fill up when we put a bottle of milk in it . absolutely nowhere to sit in the room other than on the bed , which create problem if one of us be sleeping while the other be awake . no storage space , drawers or closet of any sort other than a small pipe from which about   coathangers could be hung . restaurant close at   every day , so be only available for breakfast and lunch . the photo on the hotel 's web site do not show a standard double room at all , and the photo of the twin rooms be deceive because of the use of the wall mirror give the appearance of extra space . lobby staff be rude and abrupt throughout . particularly on first arrival when ask for direction anywhere we be tell     just get a taxi    , and when ask where the best place be to get a taxi the roadside all around this hotel be strictly no parking and no taxi stand , and on a very busy intersection we be tell     anywhere outside    . we be tell the mtr railway station be nearby , but rather than give us direction we be again tell to get a taxi . the station be only   minutes walk when we eventually find it . the hotel have only one particularly expensive internet computer which be never not even once able to provide a connection , locate in a claustrophobic room smaller than a toilet on the ground floor . we look for other hotel in the area but unfortunately they be fully book , otherwise we would have move out immediately

we stay   night , and try to get one more , but the hotel be full . good place to sleep , but there 's nothing more with this hotel . it be good for explore the town , few minutes walk to mtr station . there be also things to see within walk distance from the hotel . room be very small , but enough for us and very clean every day . only service we need be check in and out , and everything go smoothly

it be a bad decision to listen to the travel agent who recommend this hotel , it be too small for a family with   young kids . the bed be too narrow and short even for asian like us and be place against the wall cause my husband to bump his head twice . the space be too small , we have   normal size luggage with no room to place them on and so we leave them near the foot of the bed and every time we need to pass we have to move the luggages . the cr door be a slide glass which when you open slide to the closet , my son 's foot get catch by this slide door because as i be go out of the cr he be get something out of the closet

it be a great little hotel    just outside , they have a great food place that serve the best beef brisket curry in the world

i recently spend two night at the seaview . what seaview

i have be travel to hongkong regularly and stay at some really nice boutique hotel in kowloon . because its halloween , my favorite hotel be fully booked . thus , my travel agent book me at dorsett seaview . prior to departure , i read some review about the hotel and majority of the traveller write not so nice things about the hotel   , its rooms , service and hotel staff . well , after stay there for   night , i find the hotel rooms modern albeit small you 're in hongkong honey , we have breakfast inside the hotel on the   floor and the cafeteria be small but cozy . you even get to see a partial view of the harbour . the breakfast simple but fill and be the same daily but that 's ok compare to have mcdonalds everyday . the hotel be locate about   minutes to the yau ma tei mtr station and   mtr station away from fabulous mongkok . the hotel be at the near end of temple st . with many restos in between . for budget traveller , this hotel be a darling

locate near yau ma tei mtr station , just a few minutes walk away . temple street night market be right below thus its rather exciting at night . walk to the woman 's street night market be n't mission impossible either as you can do window shopping along the way

we arrive at hk airport   and our flight to europe not until midnight . instead of pay high cost for a hotel near the airport or for a shower and   rest at plaza lounge for hk     for   of us . we book double room at this hotel so that we can have a shower , rest and spend our day see hk city , shopping , and food in kowloon

the doorsett seaview hotel location be good for its price . however the service at this hotel be very poor . during my two night at the dorsett the staff never smile except for one of the housekeepers . in general the staff make you feel unwelcome at this hotel

we stay at this hotel for   night and we be more than satisfy with the stay . it be true as many review we read about the tiny room so not go to elaborate any further on this . the room have everything we need , daily clean room , great shower , electric kettle , safe box but no wardrobe minus point for this . i guess the floor we stay have be recently renovate because the room photo we see here be different than the room we have . another thing i would like to point out be the the bathroom slide glass door . even it be not a 'see through ' glass , but we can still see some shadow of those inside the bathroom . i be travel with my partner so we be fine with that but a point to note for those travel with friends . the hotel staff be polite speak relatively good english and check in out process be fast . this hotel be at a very good location and easily to locate from the mtr yau ma tei , which be just       minutes walk from hotel . we even use the mtr all the way from the airport to the hotel without ask any local so i guess it be not hard for me to find this hotel . a lot of good chinese eatery nearby the hotel . there be mcdonalds too nearby and right across the road of the hotel , there be a famous dessert shop hui lau shan   famous for its mango base dessert . temple street market and jade street market be just beside the hotel . lady street market , sport wear street market be just about       minutes walk along the nathan road . we never take the breakfast at the hotel so no comment on that as there be too many choice outside the hotel . definitely worth every cent we pay for

our travel agent book us to this hotel without idea about the hotel

this hotel be well locate and you step outside of it right into the markets . the night life outside of the hotel be vibrant and alive . i love hong kong and would recommend visit to anyone . my review have be make bias though because i have the company of my beautiful girlfriend and if i have be on my own my enjoyment of stay here might not have be as great . but even on my own i think this hotel would have give me a good place to sleep and have as a place to travel from everyday to go and explore the city . there be tube stations close by and if you have the energy you can walk to lots of place of interest . right outside a few steps away you have the jade market . and if you go down at night you walk straight into the night market . one word to sum up my time spend in hong kong be wahaha   would sorry you would n't understand unless you be there

the tour actually state that we would be off to dorsett far east hotel but since the whole place have be book [ that 's what they tell us ] , the company do another arrangement and have send us here instead . the receptionist be simply civil and only one attendant help us carry our luggage . the hotel be really tall , but ideally it be rather skimpy . but what amaze me the most be how really small the room was . do i need to add the bathroom too ? ! we just come from macau and unfortunately our room in hk be like   smaller than our room back in macau ! it be like . .wow . be this really hk ? ! well of course be travel on a budget but i seriously do n't think it would be that small . but anyway , their one day mcdonald 's coupon be fun [ which be a block away from the hotel ] and yeah  their ham serving for their buffet breakfast be pretty bland or maybe that 's just how they cook it

want to get the most out of our trip to hong kong more tours and activity , we scrimp on the hotel . we figure we be n't go to spend that much time the hotel to begin with . it be a bad decision

we stay at this hotel for our hong kong tour june   to june   , but it be not really our choice since it be the travel agent that book us at this hotel . the room be very small , and i be quite amaze how they be able to fit a tub in such a small space . the hotel place be very close to night market and convenience store . do not be fool however with the hotel     seaview    as there be none plus the front desk staff be not so accomodating . if ever i visit hk again , definitely i will ask my travel agent to book me in another hotel

we be travel in a group of   and check in the hotel promptly . we get a room on the   floor for triple and we be very shock beyond words when we get in . there be hardly space for   person to walk through , let alone   neon green light in the toilet , with no toilet lock . there be also no wall btw room and toilet . all there be be a mask glass panel which mean you can see the shape of someone 's body when they bathe and whats not . obviously a room for those who be look for mates to spend the night with romantically

this hotel be a disappointment . the rooms be extremely small with no storage space for clothes or even a suite case . the bathroom be as small as an airplane 's . the room and the entire hotel be filthy . the lobby be fill with net luggage and people sit on the floor there be no couch or chair , since it be so small . the buffet be pretty inadequate . it be an embarrassment to bring my family to this hotel in hong kong

we choose this hotel for one night in kowloon due to the review and the price . we have read that the rooms be small â € “ but we be not quite ready as to how small it really was . two of us could hardly fit into the room at the same time , certainly not in the bathroom . the bed be also very small , cram against the wall . the amenities be fine tough . soundproof be not great . television have only one english language station . the carpet in the room be stain and look unclean

generally speak , it seem that hk national be not courteous by nature . i experience it first hand from the people i meet in mtr , ferry station , shop and even from the hotel 's staff . good thing about our stay be the cold weather and the good location of the hotel . other than that , it be just so so . nevertheless , i would still recommend this place . but if you have other option , make this least of your option

the hotel be locate near the shopping district and be very accessible . its just a   walk to the yau ma tei mtr station . the rooms be a bit small and can only accommodate   persons . it also include breakfast coupon in mcdonalds . hotel staff be accommodating . i recommend this hotel for people who will travel to hong kong

the other review have this place pretty right . the location be good , not hong kong island but good for kowloon . the rates be very reasonable again consider where you are . the rooms be teeny , put you bag down and you struggle to have room for anything else . our bathroom be similarly size but have the necessary

this be a very small small room

damn , i expect that it would be small what else do you expect in hong kong but seriously    the room that we stay be advertise for atleast   people room , hell,   it be like for   , and you have to be size   to be able to manouver in that crappy room    it be dirty , the bathroom look really really old and not clean for weeks    the bed mattress be really hard    and they have a curtain    a freak curtain to cover the windows , its not even thick enough to let the sunlight in    it be like those you can buy for     hong kong dollar , it be that crap  

during our first visit to hong kong , we stay at this hotel from   to   january   despite some negative review of this hotel on this website , we go ahead to book this hotel online because the price of the standard room they offer for the period we want be suitable for our budget and the location be in the centre of kowloon area and very near to yau ma tei mtr . also it be near nathan road , so take airport bus   will not be a problem to reach the hotel . we have no difficulty on find the hotel after alight the bus

stay during dec   for   night

i review this hotel from my stay in oct   we visit hk again   years later , this time in nov   my wife and i both in our   stay here from nov     we pick it again since we like the location of the place

we be tell by brochure etc and in photo that this be a great hotel  the first thing be we book a non smoking double and get a smoking twin  ok so we stay the first night as they do not understand much english at the front desk . second day we be give a non smoking room double  it be smaller than my bathroom and we could not move in the room without one person sit the bed  the television be so high up and close to the head of the bed as the room be small could not see it without tilt head back . toilet do not work and bathroom be old and grotty

i stay for   night and seriously do not enjoy it . room be just too minuscule and service be not very kind . do n't know what kind of person would design a hotel room like that and think that a guess would feel good . i need at least room to place my bag , and there be not any . basically you need to sleep hug your luggage . it be well locate though . but the vecinity be not the best

yes , the room be small if you 're taller than       ' , your foot will hang on the edge ! bath be tiny but shower works perfectly

the room be terrible . it be so small . bathroom totaly disappointed . location be good . near temple street but i definitely will not stay here again .

we stay at this hotel sept   , i think for all the review here post it be the same for us , very tiny rooms , but good location . and it be clean . the only thing that get me be that the front desk people be not smilling and be a bit rude      i think they lack customer service training , but the housekeeper be all nice   

i go there last october with   other friends . hotel be small and old . but location be good

i book through the hotel 's website and when me and my friend arrive for check in , they only recognize that i have a confirm booking . the person at the front desk be name elle and she be n't even smile and she talk so fast , we have to ask again what she said . we arrive early because of our flight and through email , we be advise that we can drop our bag and just go back in time for the check in time at   when she begin do the usual check in process , she do n't inform us that she 's already do it   she just borrow our passport and my credit card and have it verified . i ask her again , what she be doing . we only try to verify our reservations . we be worry that she might charge us with an early check in charge . she say that she only verify the card . i say that it have adequate amount to pay for the hotel . i only want her to clarify with me what she be doing . she 's talk so fast that i give up . i make her an assurance that our rooms will be ready by the time we get back

i have book   night stay in this hotel via a travel agency in singapore . the price be ok for a tourist   star hotel

before we book for the hotel , read many negative review on the size of the hotel . however , we choose this hotel due to the feedback on the location of the hotel

'just come home from a business trip in hongkong . we stay here at the dorsett seaview fo the reason that it be one of the in demand hotel from my clients . though i am a travel agent tour organizer in the philippines , i never get the chance in stay here . the rooms be small but one thing i be impress be the cleanliness and affordable price of this hotel . consider that i have a business meeting and do not stay too much with the hotel , i could say dorsett seaview be a pretty much a good option . also , flight schedule monitor be very recognizable at the lobby , in which case make it a hassle free one for its patron . the location be also an asset . situate near the night market and mtr station . friendly tip   bring your own umbrella ! my dad borrow umbrella and the front desk officer be very rude and tell us     you buy !     . we be thankful he 's front desk officer not in the philippines . otherwise , he 'll expect some trouble and body aches . kudos to the management of dorsett seaview for a job well do except to that guy    here 's my message   please do not come to the philippines and something bad will hapen to you

like many reviewer have post before the rooms be extremely small so therefore if you 're look for a regular to big size hotel room it be not ideal . then again when you go to hong kong you be not go to be stay at the hotel , so you basically just need a place to sleep which be excellent . the room be always clean and the service from the front desk be excellent . literally   minutes away from yau ma tei mtr station , and really close to the police station , mcdonalds , many amazing restaurant , footstep away from temple street and nathan road . this be the best place in regard to location which be excellent , cost , and quality . for those traveller who be taller , it may be difficult to stay here because im   and i just fit on the bed length wise , so if you be over   be prepare to have your foot hang over the bed . other then the size of the room i have no other complaints . i will defintely go back to this hotel due to its location and price

just come back from hk yesterday   the country be excellent , with tons of things to eat , shop and see   the hotel dorsett seaview we stay in be alright to us althought the negative feekback from other travellers . i agree that the room be really small , but the location be good . the service of the front office personnel be also not bad . nt a bad choice if you be try a hotel at the area

this hotel be just a   minutes walk away from yau ma tei mtr , and a   second walk from the famed main streeet   nathan road ! hence its location allow you to explore the entire stretch of nathan road , include mongkok , jordan , woman 's market , temple street on foot . the police station be also locate right across the street hence make it a very safe place to stay in . it have numerous eatery around the hotel which operate till late at night . the reception be professional and polite

the night market be right outside the hotel . the surround area be great , a short walk to the mtr and great location

if you be on budget this be the place   although i must admit the hotel rooms be pretty small  no way a couple can walk without brush shoulders . as mention by other reviewer you might find the tv be oddly position if you need to watch due to jetlag , etc or you be trap in the hotel like me due to the monsoon . it be possible to suffer backache from sleeping in the soft bed . however generally the room be consider clean . another plus point , the staff be patient and helpful

overall   average miss out on above average . ideal for short stay   maximum   days . ideal for independent tourist who be not bother about mini bars or perks .   out of   i have be to hong kong   times and with the right change   asthetically inside and outside uninviting this hotel have great potential for any owner and for visitor

from the outside , you can sense that this hotel be pretty grim on the inside . the ground floor reception look reasonable enough but the rooms be dreadful . not only be they small with bed push alongside the wall , the wallpaper be peel off , stain and go off colour . a     colour tv position in one corner , very little space to move around

if you like night market , and buy in bargains   you may consider dorset , but    with your bag plus additional item to be place inside your dorsett room i do n't think it will fit in     the room be very small    if its your first time in hongkong , just try other hotel like bp intl or stanford hillview but not dorsett    or else you will be disappoint

the hotel be really small , but this be expect as most of the hotel in hong kong have small rooms . location be really good , minutes of walk away from the yau ma tei mtr . good food around especially during the night time   claypot rice , mantis prawn , dim sum , fry oyster cake etc    temple st . be just right down there where there 's a night market every night . convenient ,   be just a minute walk away . room be quite old , but not as bad as i expected . not very clean , not dirty either . however , i would advise the traveller not to get a room with double bed . get a twin bed instead because the double be really small , and hard . good for budget tourist   backpacker who do n't really spend time in the room except for shower and sleep

hongkong hotel be all basically pretty expensive and small but dorsett seaview be really extreme ! there be no space to walk and there be only a small bed and tv . but at least you can sleep in it and bathe in it , but there be definitely much better deal out there ! if you do not intend to spend much time in the hotel then maybe you would n't mind its minute size but its still not worth it ! and of course there be no sea view , just some roads maybe

i want to report that this hotel be absolutely terrible . i pay     for a room which should have cost no more than     at the most . on arrival at the hotel , there be a sign out the front offering rooms for     ! ! ! there be no one to help with the bags . i complain about the room , but all rooms be the same

my friend and i stay at the dorsett seaview hotel for   nights . it be a comfortable stay because the hotel be conveniently locate near a mtr station . it be right in the middle of everywhere and if you 're not too scare of walk , you can go through the whole nathan road and enjoy the shop that line the road

the hotel be indeed small , as i expect it to be . but luckily , our rooms be ok   clean , no foul smell , cold thermostat be adjustable anyway . there be bathroom with shower , there be those with tubs . avoid the tub if you be tall coz the attach shower be quite low . there be only two elevator and i find no stairs except for the emergency probably . since my family be place in the   and   floor only , it would have be better to take the stairs sometimes if they be available to avoid the wait . consider the affordable price , it be really worth it and the location be good , too

stay here last week of april , for   nights    want somewhere close to transport train , and around the shopping district . good news be that the night market be right outside the hotel , and nathan road be literally a stone throw away . plus the train be about a   minute walk up the road

ok . where do i start , maybe the tiny room where you cant even leave your bag outside the tiny wardrobe ? or shoudl i start with teh stain bathroom toilet ? how about the bedroom itself   with the peel off wallpaper and the stain , i mean really dirty stain curtain that you would not want to touch without glove or disinfectant ? maybe i wont even bother with the carpet

this be the letter i write to the manager

ok so we be prepare for a small room have read the review , but as the man say this be hong kong    although the room be small , and i mean tiny , it be on the whole clean and functional . basic amenities include , i e tea  coffee maker , tv etc . even smaller en suite attached . reception staff could perhaps be a little more jolly but be at least attentive during check out

be the smallest room i have ever stay  i wil never go there again ,it be like a coffin i feel sufforcated and the room be not clean we stay only   night be book for   but move to the kowlon instead alot

an excellent little hotel   part of hong kong 's dorsett group and better than its sister hotel dorsett olympic that i have previously stay in

smallest place i have ever seen . so small two people and two bag not fit . the restaurant which look good in their picture be nothing like it with food not only horrible but strange . the bed which feel like an iron board give me back problem for the   day stay . the service overall be average . location be good but thats about it

it be one of the smallest rooms i have ever stay in

after view the hotel 's website but not reading tripadvisor at the same time for past guest 's view and note the good location , we decide to stay at the dorsett seaview hotel as part of the last leg of our journey

i be there along with my fiancee in the month of october . the room be so small that we feel suffocated . it be cramp up with the twin bed , side table , main table with a small tv on it . not think of spending   and watch one of the movies . its not worth it . do i say carry your laptop ? oh , incase if you be run short on your digital camera space and want to download the picture onto your flashdrive , not try the business center . a very small room , with one pc run windows   . be a nightmare . happen to go to their karaoke ? the place be reserve after   for their gambling stuff . no table can be occupy after   location be good , but if you want to try chinese food , please stay away from those restaurants . mcdonalds be walkable distance , with tasteless food . god , terrible stay altogether . only best part be when we be out of the hotel , move in city receptionist at the hotel cant speak in proper english . you can not change the rooms . elevator   in no . be small . by the way , i could not have any view of the sea from any of their floors . why be it call seaview ? ? yau ma tei be flood with lot of hotel , and with our experience , no more dorsett . my fiancee almost break up with me , coz of the hotel . we would not want to go back to hong kong just coz of this live experience . all the best to folks who wud want to spend and live in dorsett

hotel rooms very small , but hey you 're only sleeping there . great location near to temple street markets . staff be helpful , no complaints . the bar on the top floor be enlighten and hence we drank out most evenings . we only stay for   night and feel the hotel meet our requirement as a cheap hotel in a good location

it be very hard to think anything good about this     hotel    . rooms be so small that you can barely open your luggage there . if you be smoker you will love the place since you can enjoy the smoke of your neighbour , but maybe that be just how the air condition be suppose to work . seaview lounge , which be the hotel 's notorious restaurant , only sell some greasy substance which they call food . but if you want to see as much hong kong as possible during your vacation maybe this hotel be then good choice since you wo n't spend your valuable holiday lay in the hotel room

what can i explain for this hotel ? so small , dirty , old ,very thin wall so we can hear everything from the other room and liltle smell in the bathroom . so may be the hostel will be better than this hotel

i stay at dorsett seaview along with a group of three other friend from the   july and from   july . the night of the   , we spend in china .

my husband , mom and sister stay at this hotel for three nights . if it be not inconvenient for my mom to transfer to another hotel , i would have transfer right away ! the rooms be very small . there be no closet to hang our clothes . there be a tiny desk but the telephone take up most of its space ! when we be in the toilet , we have to make sure that the door be lock otherwise we we would have be injure if someone open it . on the other hand , the rooms be clean . the staff be courteous . the location be ok if you be into night markets . its near the mtr stations too

stay at dorsett seaview hotel for   night last week . jan

we choose the dorsett seaview because the price be right and our last minute trip to hong kong during october 's canton trade show leave few options . i like the fact that it be a distance from the craziness of tsim sha tsui but , be only two subway stop away , be close enough to the star ferry and other services . its proximity to the jade market and temple street night market interested me

this hotel be only a few block from the subway     night market . the room itself be clean but small with outdated furnishing , especially the bathroom . housekeeper be quite stingy with toilet paper as sometimes we 'd only get half a roll . we request for a non smoking room , but all room reek of smoke . in terms of the hotel 's breakfast buffet , the food be not impressive . what 's worse , the coffee shop be small     it allow smoking , so every morning while eat breakfast , we 'd have to deal with smoker right on the next table . most of the client of this hotel be people from mainland china who smoke like chimney , so i 'd suggest to get your breakfast elsewhere

