we be very impress with the service , staff , everything about this hotel

we use priceline com and get a good price for eaton hotel for our four day stay in hong kong . the hotel be conveniently locate on nathan road , about a   stroll from the jordan st . mtr subway station . plenty of familiar store nearby     a   across the street and a starbucks and mcdonald 's   second away so you wo n't feel too far from home

nice and neat hotel conveniently locate off nathan road . do not expect big rooms , because you be in hong kong . but the rooms have nice setup and be pretty clean . it have easy access to subway , restaurant , and shopping place

we stay for   night on the way back to uk from new zealand . we have go out via hong kong and stay in mongkok . i much preferred the jordan area . there be more sophistocated shopping , easier access to the waterfront and hk island , plus a large park nearby for when you feel the need to get away from the crazy stuff . lots of restaurant around but not much in the way of bars   the way brits think of a bar , that is . beer seem to be expensive in hk , even in hawker type place

we have a fabulous   days at the eaton . it be ideally locate within a short walk of at least two of the major market area and the jordan mtr underground , so get to other area be a breeze . the hotel 's rooms be on the smallish side we have an adjoin room which help , however they be comfortable , clean and well appoint and well deserve of   stars . the staff be excellent . polite , accomodating and efficient

on arrival be give what i can only describe as a single room with a queen bed . we have   case have travel for a month , and the room only have cupboard space for a carry on case . the hotel change the room , without fuss , to a larger one but still on the small size . on the plus size , the location be great , on nathan rd , with lots of bus pass and the train   minutes away . the buffet breakfast be good , big choice and even dim sum available . pleasant bar long happy hour early evening and helpful staff . i would still say though that for the money , it be a good place

hotel location be great , close to all the transportation to get you around hk and great restaurant or fast food within   walk distance , also have   mcdonalds and a   across the road

we stay at the eaton for   night recently and be surprise about the good value for money . yes , the rooms be rather small , but well organise and clean . the restaurant be good , the menu long enough to find something , the quality of food very good . staff be friendly and the location be great , as the subway be only a few minutes walk away . we will be back

we have a deluxe room and the rooms be decorate very modern , but the rooms be a little on the small size but not unbearable   when you think about it you be only really sleeping there , but we love the eaton and be return again in march   but will need a bigger room as take our son with us . ideal hotel for a couple but with child i would not recommend a deluxe room would need to go to an executive room and then of course the cost factor come into it

the eaton hotel be in a good location for see the sights of hk . buy and octopus card it can be use in   and on all transportation

this hotel be ideally locate to shop , market and restaurants . it be a short walk to transport but you can walk to both the lady market or to the harbor in the opposite direction  

i book this as a 'mystery hotel ' deal through wotif , so it be an incredible deal     off . i stay here after a month of backpack     the extra luxury , hot water , cleanliness be worth it

this hotel be great overall . it be in a nice location with a starbucks     mcdonalds nearby if that 's your thing . the hotel be on the nathan ' you need a tailor sir ? ' road which be pretty busy but a short walk from the local market and the star ferry

we stay at the eaton hotel for   night in a room that be a tight squeze for two people , let alone   adult and a   year old . the hotel itself be situate on nathan road which be a very busy road and close to everything include the night market,a mc   and a subway whic be   block away service here be very good , the breakfast be excellent although it lack variety and the concierge , who help with all travel plan know his stuff and be very helpful my mom become ill and the staff be very ubderstanding and helpful in get her soup etc to her room thehy also assist with a wheelchair which they lend to us it be safe the whole hong kong feel safe and i would recommed this hotel to people on business trip and traveller who be travel in party of   at a time do n't expect space though

my company use this hotel often and i stay   might whilst on business last month . i be put into a deluxe room which be on the   floor and recently renovated . it have a large bed , which unfortunately take up the majority of the room . there be a desk and office chair and minibar cram in , and the wardrobe be too small for   days worth of clothing . the bathroom be , however , a decent size . in spite of the tiny room , the service be excellent and the bed be very comfy  not rock hard like you usually find in hong kong and china . i skip the breakfast hkd   per person in favour of the mcdonalds across the street . wire broadband be hkd   per   hours , or hkd   for one week  only work for one laptop , have to pay again for the second one . location be good , farther up on nathan road and the   bus connection from kowloon station where you exit the airport express train stop right at the hotel . i find the location convenient for dine and shopping both jade market about   minutes walk . note this be a popular hotel for wedding at the weekend so there seem to be a lot of people come and going . also appear to be use for some american tour groups . there be a rooftop pool and fitness centre , but i do not have time to see them for myself

stay at eaton three times in the last six month and the overall service be good . the breakfast have a good spread and be quite satisfying . like many hotel in hong kong , the rooms can be a bit small , but reasonably furnished . i have stay in three different type of room and my suggestion be to go for the renovate one , i .e . deluxe     executive . the standard room and city club room be show their age , although the city club have a good view

me and my girlfriend stay at the eaton hotel for   nights . we be very impress with this lovely hotel . i work in the hotel industry so understand hotels . since we be n't difficult guest we only need to visit the reception for check in and check out and at no other time

reaaly like this hotel . stay for   night in october   good location on nathan road , close to shopping and attractions . executive room really nice and well appointed . love the touch of lime green in the decor and accessory ! really appreciate have a glass of champagne each evening at the executive club lounge . personnel very nice , sometimes a little bit slow but willing to please . nice swim pool and fitness center

the eaton hotel be in a great location on nathan road , which make it easy for us to find our way around . lots of shop and restaurant nearby , i would recommend go down the side street to find cafe with good food that be much cheaper than place on the main road

overall not too bad , room be tiny , as expect in hk , service be the best for this whole stay . location be good enough for me , the daily walk to the mtr be easy and taxis be easily available

the eaton be well locate kowloon , it be about a   minute walk to the centre down nathan road , for the ferry to hong kong island , the walk be very interesting in itself . the road include shop of all type and plenty of place to eat . in it be close to kowloong park which be a must to visit , especially on sunday for all the free shows . the temple street night market be close by . the rooms be a reasonable size , be keep very clean and be very quiet . if you can get a deal which include breakfast it be worth it as it be an excellent buffet which set you up for the day . otherwise starbucks be opposite the hotel . the hotel also provide free internet access . we eat in the local chinese restaurant with the local and also in the hotel , good chinese food at reasonable prices . the staff be friendly and helpful and the hotel be good value for money . if you need a late checkout , consider use the change rooms in the swim pool area , good shower with towel provide

eaton hotel be in kwoloon and be centrally locate on nathan road . it 's close to the temple street market as well as the lady market about   min walk . the hotel have excellent facility for drink and dining . the rooms be comfortable , although a bit small , which be typical for hong kong

we stay here for two night and i must say we be extremely happy we choose this hotel

we stay in the eaton on the first four night of our honeymoon and the hotel be great . the location be really good as even though you be on nathan rd , it 's very quiet and only a   min walk to the harbour . the rooms be very clean , and the hotel be great . definitely recommend it

the check in staff be very nice . the hotel location be what prompt me to pick it , it be locate right above the mtr subway system so it be extremely convinent to go to other places . everything be right down the street , include a laundromat just behind the hotel , and they charge you by lb , not per garment

hong kong hotel be small in general . services be average nothing out of ordinary

we stop off for two days in hk en route to australia , and be very impress by the eaton . we have order a deluxe room which be unavailable at the time of arrival , so they upgrade us to a suite . great start ! the hotel be handy for most aspect of kowloon , and have good bars and restaurant . breakfast be especially worth having . the coffee shop in the basement be very welcome too , as there seem to be a great shortage of them in kowloon . staff be very courteous and we would definitely stay again

my husband and i stay here for   night at the end of september . we use the limo service from the airport and after a long flight from uk , this be the perfect way arrive and well worth the money . we be give a bottle of water each as soon as we approach the desk at the airport and be take down to the car . the driver give us a great commentary during the journey to the hotel and we be able to just chill and relax all the way . from start to finish , the staff be absolutely brilliant . all speak english very well and christine from reception   eclub be especially helpful . we stay in a club room and buy the eclub package . the eclub be like be in the first class lounge and be worth every penny . the hotel be modern and exceptionally clean . in an excellent location on kowloon close to the shop and temple street market . if i ever get to hong kong again , i would choose this hotel without a second thought . we thoroughly enjoy out stay here and would recommend it to anyone

gay , you be enthusiastic about this hotel , probably you forgot how hotel have to be

our experience at eaton hotel be disappointing as we have choose the hotel because the review be good

we travel to hong kong from the state and stay here for   week during our honeymoon . the room be tiny compare to what we be use to in the us , but it serve its purpose . the hotel and room be clean and neat . we also have breakfast downstairs a couple times a week , and although it be a little pricey , it be good . the staff be nice , but nothing exceptional . we do recommend this hotel , but we 'd probably book a place closer to the harbor ourselves , just for the shopping and attraction

this hotel be absolutely fantasic , it be a little away from the main tourist area but good public transport make it easy to get around . the staff be great , very friendly and would do anything to make the stay great . the roof top pool be fantastic and not over crowded . the restaurant at the hotel be clean and the food be good , the rooms be small but very clean and modern . the staff go out of their way to make the stay great and the price be reasonable . this have be my favourite place to stay

we stay at the eaton hotel for   nghts and have a great time . the room be clean although small but the hotel 's location be excellent . we find the staff helpful and friendly and the rooftop pool be very invite at night . the breakfast buffet contain plenty of variety and overall i would definately stay again if i be go back to hong kong

this be my second time in h k , and yes , the location be great   but next time will defenetely be closer to the star ferry pier aera , wich i consider the best location in kowloon  

the location of the hotel be great , nice neighbourhood , temple market around the corner , close to mtr which be very easy to use with the octopus card

after some pretty ordinary rooms and service in europe , i find the eaton hotel be a pleasant surprise . on nathan road , within   min . walk of the star ferry , and a couple of block from the temple street night market , the hotel be well situated . the rooms be lovely , with large , comfortable bed , immaculate linen , marble bathroom , and attractive decor . the best thing about this hotel be the staff , who exemplify the hotel 's     can do    policy . they be unfailingly helpful and polite , and they go to extraordinary length to be of service



stay here on my first visit to hk . double room be very clean and big for asia standard . cleaning staff be good . location on nathan rd walk to all shop and restaurants . tst and harbour area all walk distance . mtr very closeby and bus stops . laundry very expensive , take it to local laundry mat closeby or pay lots       . pay     per night   years ago , now after the renovation it 's very expensive for stay . like double the rate

i have recently return from a   night stay at the eaton hotel , kowloon and can only report back positive things from my experience with this hotel which i have summarise below

i stay at the eaton hotel for   night in late july . i book with an asia mile promotion offer , which offer complimentary in room internet connection and double mileages . however , they seem not to be aware of my book and insist that there would be no complimentary internet connection . it be until i make several phone call and show the actual terms that they know it be a mistake . it 's not the end of the world but it be annoy

very good hotel . room allot to me be on   floor from where city view be excellent . room be little small but it be value for money . i stay in this hotel for   days and all days , i have morning breakfast which everyday be different and very good

the eaton be superbly position for easy access via bus , mrt and octopus card   to everything

i 'll start with the positives . the hotel be excellently locate on nathan road only a short walk from the jordan mtr station and a   minute walk from the star ferry terminal . if you take the airport express train there be also a free shuttle bus include in the proce that take you from kowloon station to the front of the hotel

i visit hong kong for two days with my mom . it be both our first time there and so i pick the eaton hotel as it be recommend by my handy frommer 's travel guide . it be indeed a good find , as it be reasonably price at a little over     a night . the room , though small compare to american hotel rooms most hong kong hotel rooms be apparently smaller than their american counterpart anyway , be very clean and comfortable . the bathroom be spacious and clean as well . the hotel staff be very cheerful and helpful . also , the location of the hotel on kowloon 's nathan road be pretty superb . it 's a short walk to the temple street night market and the jade market . it be also close to the jordan mtr station . lots of shop and restaurant and other hotel be nearby as well . if you like to walk , then you can stroll down nathan all the way down to tsim sa tsui and the promenade that look out to central hong kong 's skyline in about   minutes time well , longer if you end up stop by the numerous store on that street . my only     complaint    about this hotel though be that it charge you even for local hong kong phone call , but that 's a pretty minor gripe . in the end , i would probably stay at this hotel again when i come back to hong kong in the future

i stay at this hotel for   days with my wife and be very impressed . i opt for their shuttle service from the airport which take   min accord to their website , however it really take only   min and be cheaper than the express train . i be expect a standard room which be   per night but on check in be upgrade to a suite on the   floor which be fantastic . the room be great and have fabulous view of kowloon if your not scare of heights ! we pay for the breakfast which be good quality although a little pricey . delaneys irish bar be only   min walk down the road and we eat there for most of the trip . altogether i find the hotel and staff excellent and would definately stay there again . my tip be to book with them directly on their website as this be much cheaper than use a book agency

great hotel , run by friendly helpful staff . nothing be too much trouble

first things first . size be a relative term . when you be in one of the most crowd city in the world the term size be relative . hong kong be a very efficient city and little expansive . take a window seat in the plane as landing on a airport which be build on partially reclaim space from sea be a good experience . the airport be one of the best in the world with respect to design,efficiency and experience . the immigration process be very quick and smooth . before you realize you be at the door steps of a metro within airport which be wait for you .   minutes frequency . though it be very fast and convenient i suggest you take bus instead , for two reasons . you can see most of the kowloon island on the way to hotel and it be economical . however , you learn fast that always you should have correct change in hong kong for transportation . octopus card be a must which be a kind of credit card you can use for all mode of transport like ferry , tram , bus , mtr metro train and most of the shop include   to   pick up few map of he city which be available in the airport . as you come out of the airport walk to your right to bus stand . i suggest take a seat on the upper deck to see the city most bus be double decker . bus have a electronic display which clearly indicate current stop and next stop and other important place near the stop . incidentally eaton hotel be display and the stop be right at the door step of the hotel . initially i be at a loss to find the main entrance of the hotel as the hotel 's reception be on the   floor . you can reach the reception by elevator , escalator from different points . check in and check out be very quick . the staff be very professional and courteous . i have book the room through it 's website which be quick and reassuring . query be answer promptly . they could not accept debit card and i have to book the room use credit card . room be bit small compare to other hotel in different countries . but the smart design , clean sparkle bathroom , attractive toiletry provide , gadget like light control with ipod dock next to bed , well stuff fridge , hair dryer , weigh scale , pressure plumbing , lcd tv,     you would not miss a thing . i suggest you use item in the fridge and replace it from the   store which be at one of the entrance of the hotel . basically hong kong be a model city for it 's transport system . generally , where ever you stay it should not be a problem to reach any part of the island kowloon and hong hong . there be few bus stop in all direction near the hotel . famous mtr point be just few building away . hotel be surround by many attraction like temple street , lady market , jade market , tst , star avenue , kowloon park , star ferry , mall , etc . , all within walk distance . it 's a great experience to have simple breakfast at nearby australian dairy . you can see review of the place in travel advisor . it be really crowd with local and totally cram , but you will have a different good experience of hong kong with local population . adjacent to kowloon park there be many high end shop with brand merchandise . you can go to macao from the star ferry dock . use very inexpensive tram service in hong kong be a good way for sight see and relax

superb location , clean rooms , accomodating staff and airport express free bus transfers . no free wifi and breakfast be expensive . but , the deal be superb . a four star hotel ambiance in a cheaper price . the eaton hotel website offer promotion for a free night for a two days stay

just return from   day shopping expedition . this hotel be great . book deluxe room but upgrade to suite on arrival corner room overlook nathan rd . well situate hotel close to all the action . walk distance   min to lady market mong kok and the   b us from airport at the door

the value be definitely good for such a low price .

nice big hotel in the heart of kowloon hong kong . our room be spacious and comfortable . within walk distante to temple street night market , jade market and subway station . lots of shop , restaurant around it

i stay at the eaton from june   and i must say it be a perfect stay . check in after our   hour flight be quick and easy , and it turn out that our room only book be actually b    b which be an unexpected turn up

stay for   night but actually use the room for   days . we arrive early at   and our room be ready , we ask for a late check out and be give till   at no extra charge . we then pay for another   hours at only     an hour which be less than     aud per hour . get your breakfast include in the tariff as it include everything you could want to fuel you for the day . hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . you can get the   bus from the airport which pretty much stop out the front of the hotel and costs only     , so less than     aud , its air condition and very comfortable . you can catch the same bus to the airport but you will need to cross nathan rd , we manage with heavy suitcases . the hotel be well maintain and close to the jordon mtr , only a   min walk . the room be small but be clean everyday and the bathroon include a bath and be a good size . do n't have time to use the pool but we do check it out and it be beautiful , the gym also be fully equipped . temple street market just across the road ,   min walk and so be the jade market and mongkok market just a quick bus trip up nathan road . excellent location for shopping , easy to catch a bus or train . we use public transport to cross the border into shenzhen and also into maccau

we stay in a standard room for   night   it be smaller in general than western hotel , however we find the room big enough for us and our stuff , the bathroom be lovely and have a bath , aircon work well and not noisy , bed be very comfortable and as we spend the majority of our time around hong kong , or use the decent gym and small pool in the hotel we do n't find the room too claustrophobic   but if you like spend a lot of time in the room maybe opt for something a little larger

stay in a deluxe double room with a view which be a bit smaller than expect but just right for   people . modern facility , very clean , comfortable . hotel have a rooftop pool which be small but it be still nice     we never have a problem find a space to swim or sit . free internet access at hotel cafe . metro bar     grill restaurant on hotel   floor be recommended . hotel location be excellent , right on the main road nathan road in kowloon , second away from shop , restaurant and a couple of minutes away from the jordan mtr train station . the hotel look exactly like the photo on their website ! !

beautiful interior , fresh , clean     good size rooms . really comfortable bed with fresh white linen each day . locate in a main road in kowloon so always easy to find   even name at exit in tube station nearby . free internet access in hotel cafe . beautiful roof pool not big but be quiet with plenty of free sun loungers . small but functional gym . several restuarants but with usual hotel prices . good tv selection in room with ipod dock station and internet access point for laptop

really enjoy our stay here . lovely hotel , excellent staff , excellent food , especially the breakfast thank you , lorraine , head chef , for the duck eggs one morning ! ! spotlessly clean hotel , comfortable room and recommend the e service . my partner enjoy the cocktail in the bar too ! nicely situate and near to the market . great shopping ! our first trip to hong kong . a wonderful , memorable holiday . would certainly return and definitely stay at the eaton

we stay here for   night with our young child , in a small deluxe room   the desk take up so much of the space we be unable to keep our bag open and have to fold up our buggy each time we come in our room . there be no bath in the bathroom be it do n't score well for a family room ! we stay on a bed and breakfast basis and the breakfast be a buffet style with everything you could want . there be a rooftop outdoor swim pool but unfortunately we be unable to use it as it be close because it be raining . for the night market this be a very good location   min temple st market and there be plenty of restaurant near by as well as convenice stores . we 'd recommend a chinese restaurant call cheer around the corner do n't be put off by the name good value for money very tasty chinese   the fish be take live from a fish tank straight to the kitchen

we go to hong kong and macau on a whim from sydney for a couple of week of snap hols . book the eaton which be on nathan road because they have a great special , it come to around     for the five night be be there

it be good business hotel . it be locate in the heart of the city

the eaton staff be one of the best i have seen . location of the hotel be great very close to the jordan mtr and there be everything you want to do in kowloon in and around the hotel . rooms be small but well furbished . take the deluxe and higher category only

my husband and i have a great stay at the eaton hotel over easter this year . as with all hong kong hotel the rooms be small but perfectly form and extremely comfortable , the room service breakfast be huge so big in fact we share one breakfast between two of us but its best point have to be the staff   they be fantastically friendly and very helpful , which be unfortunately not always the case in city hotel

= = = stay     night at the eaton hotel in may

i be quite surprise by some of the photo on this page,as it bear almost no resemblence to the room i stay in

we stay here in the second week of may for   night in a city club room with access to the e club . after arrive at   by taxi from the airport for hk     , check in be relatively smooth and quick

highly recommend for location , comfort , food , staff and cleanliness . not the cheapest but all round great value for money

my wife and i visit hong kong for the first time on our   anniversary and the management and staff make our one week stay the best ever . the e club lounge staff be of great assistance for planning our daily excursion each day and be always welcome at morning breakfast and afternoon cocktails . the location be a short walk to the jordan mtr station which make our city travel easy . will go back for sure

i stay at the eaton hotel for   night on a business trip . i pick this hotel base on the review i find on tripadvisor , and find most of the review pretty accurate . the location be in jordan , not tsim sha tsui as the hotel say   so it 's not a great location for tourist who do n't know their way around , but it be a short walk to the mtr and temple street market . rooms be larger than i expect , and i be upgrade to a city suite upon arrival . e club access be n't worth the extra money unless you plan have the free happy hour drink breakfast be very minimal every night , but if it 's already include in your price it 's great . buffet breakfast in the hotel be good and only   gym facility small , but clean new . overall , a very good value for the price pay    

this hotel be nice , i choose the dexule room as it be on offer . the location be not bad , just next to temple street , however i do n't know jordon be a mini red light district , which do affect the mood there abit . the room itself be clean and roomy enough to place my lagguage and stuff hk rooms be all small so comparatively this be better , but all the stuff in the hotel be expensive , the room service , restaurant , internet access in the biz centre , idd call , pay movies . the tv channels be also limited . but maybe its just hong kong standard , that everything nids money , unlike shenzhen and guangzhou . but the hotel do give u a sense of security , and the hotel staff be all v helpful and nice . n there be a tsui wah restaurant just next to the hotel which serve really good food , must  try when u 're in hk

great service , hotel upgrade us on our arrival to a bigger room and on my birthday give me a cake on my birthday , unrequested . i really appreciate the personal touch . the hotel be good value and be in a great location , close to the mtr station . would definitely stay there again

like any other hotel in hong kong , the small here be small . my wife , sister and i stay in a bedroom suite for   days . the room be really small . it be the smallest room i ever stay in . good thing they give us complimentary wine in the room . the room also come with the access to e club or lounge where you can have your breakfast , all day drink and snack , and afternoon snack where they serve wine , champagne

stay here for one night and pay hk     through a competitor 's web site     mystery deal 

we visit the eaton for   night in early april . we have two rooms , one an executive room with a double and divan for our daughter , the other a standard twin . both rooms be unrefurbished . we be inform that only the deluxe double be available refurbish , so these do n't meet our needs . the older rooms be not bad , just a little date versus the boutique style of the refurbish rooms , the carpet could be declare somewhat worn but that would be nit picking . in fact the rooms be perfectly okay , clean , bed comfortable , quiet , well serviced though somewhat small as others have observed . there be a curious smell on our floor , though not in our room . the e club be a great benefit with breakfast , daytime drink and snack and evening drink canape available free . we only find it occasionally busy and certainly not cramp as others have commented . free wifi and pc internet access make this a regular place to visit . nicely do

great location   in the heart of kowloon district  with shop just a walk distance   taxis easily available at the hotel .

have read mix review on this website before we go it be clear that opinion be divide over the rooms . but our standard room be very clean and be presumably one of the renovate ones . yes it be small ish but why would you need a bigger room anyway ?

stay at eaton with adult child   have   rooms . we be give   unrenovated rooms   mine be a smoking i be a non smoker and the room reek   be move the next day to a renovate room . this be really nice , the others be leave in the unrenovated room   very basic . perhaps they reserve the awful rooms for people book through qantas holiday or similar   and it be christmas new year period . so make sure you get a renovate room . buffet breakfast and lunch be really good and service fine . they just need to upgrade the lower parts of the hotel as they have the other rooms . i would stay again in the renovate room   under no circumstances in the older

excellent hotel with professional helpful staff . very good location in nathan road for shopping . would definitely come back to this hotel . rooms comfortable clean with good facility

stay in this hotel for one night on way home from australia . not sure why other reviewer say rooms to small as basic room more than adequate with room to move around easily . view from window be over nathan road and be great to see the neon light down the road , and great view of the glass elevator which we do not realise the hotel have untail we look out of the window . great position for market   night and local and about   minutes stroll to the ferry for a trip to hong kong island well worth doing . we have meal in the bar next to reception which be really good and breakfast a excellent buffet . everyone very friendly and efficient . would definately stay at this hotel again if i return to hong kong

we stay here   march   on our way back from the uk and be very happy with it . the room be fine at   we do not know what to expect as we have read that the rooms be very small . we have ample room and be very comfortable . the staff be very obliging  food be   class  especially the buffet breakfast  would certainly stay again if visit honk kong  easy walk down to harbour  approx   minutes  and close to market and public

i have a fantastic rooom which be one of the suite with use of the e club which be absolutely fantastic . the staff in their be lovely and could n't do enough for you   it have free internet access and it be great to be able to go and get free drink from there anytime during the day . the breakfast be basic but perfectly adequate

we stay here for a total of three night   night before and one after our holiday in sabah , borneo . it 's reasonably locate at the northern end of the 'golden mile ' on nathan road in kowloon . our standard room be small as be the bathroom , especially for   hotel , and we certainly would n't want to stay in such a small room for any length of time . the worst aspect though be on our return , when we be give a smoking room instead of the non smoking room that we have requested . to be fair , we do check in late at night and the hotel be full

i love this hotel and have be stay several times

we have book suite initially give non modernise one which be old,tired and dull asked for change and immediately give upgrade at no extra charge . suite be modern with nice power shower . the service in the e club be excellent . the staff could n't do enough to help and it be lovely to just go to   floor when you get back to the hotel and get cold drink and a snack . staff have all the info you need at their fingertips e club staff have champagne and a cake send up for a birthday very nice . the rooms be keep very clean and nice touch like slipper lay out at night . hotel be very well   min walk to mtr and across the road from the temple st market . avoid camera shop near the hotel they will rip you off

stay here for   nights . the first room we be give be tired and very small , we complain and be then move to a club room after   night the hotel be have some refurb work do so not all rooms be available . the   room be very staff , the service from the staff be excellent throughout   at breakfast , reception , the concierge even the housekeep be excellent . the hotel seem to have a mix of family , couple and business traveller and be in a good location on nathan road in kowloon . free internet access in the downstairs cafe be good

the renovate eaton hotel be fabulous . the room have a simple and modern look , a bit small but contain all the necessary amneties , facility , etc . it even have a radio alarm clock speaker dock for ipod

recently stay in the eaton hotel for four nights . be book into a deluxe room on a high floor . the newly renovate room be very comfortable with all modern facility expect , though a little on the smaller side . find the hotel to have good facility in all areas the buffett breakfast be well stock and have a good selection of western and asian dishes . the staff at breakfast be freindly and very professional . the location be amogest shopping on nathan road and close to the jordan mtr station . overall a very pleasant stay and look forward to return to the eaton hotel

we stay at the hotel from the   to the   of january ,   here be a summary of my view

great location at the top of nathan road , staff be efficient , friendly and helpull , breakfast be first class the rooms be smaller than average but the bathroom be clean and roomy loved the glass lifts  

room be tiny , smell of stale smoke even though we request no smoking . no room to hang up a shirt , unhelpful staff . first and last visit

we be look for a decent hotel in hong kong for a three night stay last march . look at the hotel ranking quite high up and the star rating   star i assume this one be worth a closer look . accord to their website     most club rooms have floor to ceiling windows  

we stay at the eaton hotel for   days at the end of december , and have an excellent stay . we book an e club room , which prove to be a really good option for us . the room be compact but not cramp and absolutely spotless . it be immaculately clean throughout our stay

this be a lovley big hotel in a good spot to explore hk . our room be a bit small but it be fine for what we need   just somewhere to rest and freshen up and then we be out and about all of the time   we would definately stay here again . cant comment on the food as we always eat out and never tend to eat in hotel

we spend   night in hong kong at the eaton hotel . for   people , we book an e club   bedroom suite . the overall room size be on the small side so have   bedroom , a bathroom and a sit area be a good choice . the sofa in the sit room make into a bed and there be   tv sets . therefore , there be n't a fee for the third person . there be a view of nathan rd . from the sit area . include with the suite be a bottle of wine and a fruit platter . the e club be superb include a full breakfast with lox , roll , fruit and hot food . in addition , there be an evenng reception include beer , wine , mix drink and appetizers . the e club rate also offer free internet service and private check in . the location be about   block from the jordan subway station . we like the location because it be n't a tourist area and it offer many reasonable and authentic chinese restaurants . we like the shamrock restaurant on nathan rd . very much . there be a   across the street from the hotel . the common area of the hotel be very nice and the service be excellent . we thoroughly enjoy our stay and would book the eaton again on our next trip to fabulous hong kong

we spend eleven night there over the past two week   the purpose of the trip be to get to know hong kong a little better we have only be there for short times before now . the eaton be a great place to stay for that

we stay in the club floor room for   nights . the check in be a pleasant experience with a private check in available on the e club

the rooms be compact but very nicely furnish with a modern look and good quality linen etc . the staff be very helpful especially the cleaning maid and the lobby area be very stylish   lots of wedding go on as it be a lovely setting . free internet be available in the downstairs cafe . great location on nathan road  close to the shop and street market and a     minute walk to the star ferry for hong kong island etc which costs about   and take   minutes . taxis buses and ferry be very reasonably price and plentiful . my father use a wheelchair and we have no problem with transport . loads of restaurant and fast food joint around and a lovely park only   minutes down nathan road . loads to see in hong kong . there 's a light show every night at the harbour at   and a cable car ride to the top of hong kong island for great view   madame tussaud be also site there and there be loads of shops . we take a bus round the island to see the sights

rooms be very small this be hong kong though , service be spotty , rooftop 'pool ' be very small . my main beef with the eaton be that i arrive at   and be tell my room would n't be ready for an hour . well , give that check in time be   , i be rather pissed . they give me a free beer coupon and have the room ready in   minutes , but after a   hour flight , this be not the best way to start my stay . other than that , it be just ok . i get a deal through travelocity , but have i pay full price i would have not be happy . get a good deal , stay less than   night , and you should be fine

we stay at the eaton hotel from   december   till   january   below be the pro and con of our stay at his hotel  

my husband book this through the cathay pacific 's supercity package . ok , it be a good deal . so we get what we pay for . here 's my note on eaton

we stay at the eaton on our way back to uk from australia . book an executive suite Â £   per night but on arrival the room be smaller than yha room Â £   we have in cairn

the eaton be a fabulous place to stay it be spotless,staff be superb,food be excellent . the market be all within walk distance the star ferry be only a short bus ride away , the mtr be nearby you could say that the rooms a bit small but why would you want to spend time in them when there be so much to do and see in kowloon and hong kong island we have a great time

my wife and i choose this hotel from cathay pacific 's cp supercity package list of hong kong hk hotel   since it rank quite high here   hotel in hk . [ by the way , if you do n't mind really old plane and uncomfortable business class seats with no on demand movie , fly cp ! ] eaton hotel 's deluxe room be so small + with all their windows completely seal up , we feel like we be in a coffin ! if anyone think all hotel in hk be as small , just walk across the street to nathan hotel less than one minute walk or novotel about two minutes walk down the street . bottom line   we check out of eaton hell tel as quickly as we could   after eaton 's staff inform us that their club floor rooms be just as tiny ! it do n't matter if their staff be super friendly and the room be super clean   when a room feel like a coffin , you want to check out even if it be free ! [ we stay at shanghai eaton earlier this year   , although the rooms at shanghai eaton be far from big , we could still stay   night without complaints . ] nathan be a much nicer hotel   for less ! the only complaint we have of nathan hotel be their fake club lounge , it be very , very small and you get cold , cheap     lousy snacks . the only good thing about their lounge   their coffee . beats starbucks handsdown ! pray to god you do n't need help from eaton 's reservation supervisor , stella ng , she will make sure you feel unwelcome

nice hotel in the centre of kowloon . very small rooms and i be offer a single king size bed . cant remember the last time i be offer this size of bed , ok because i be travel without my partner but expensive

i just return from hong kong last night , which mean yesterday also mark the end of my   night ' stay at eaton hotel . i be decide between kowloon hotel great location and eaton but choose eaton in the end because of the no . of great review i read here

i get a good deal through orbitz and after some coupon code we be able to get this hotel for     usd night . we stay there for   night from nov   and find the location extremely convenient . i have write to the hotel prior to arrival and receive email response right away . i be inform that i can take the   bus from the airport for only     hkd and it take about   minutes . the hotel be conveniently locate to the jordan station and right across from temple st night market . it 's about a   min walk to mongkok

one of the major factor behind my decision to choose the eaton hotel as my base in hong kong be the comment on this website mostly very good , some critical

great location , clean rooms and friendly staff . great location only   block to the mtr subway . rooms be on the small side but be common in china . internet charge if use in your room , but free if you use the eclub on level     computer or use your laptop wireless for free there . the free breakfast each day and free drink and snack at night be just the thing to start or end our day . only   block from the temple night market and jade markets . star ferry to hong kong island be about a   minute walk or a short taxi ride for   hong kong dollar about     usd

stay at the eaton in an executive room for   night in november   on arrival we be give the older style executive room with curve windows . the room   be small and in need of renovation so we ask if we could be give one of the newer executive rooms . staff be more than happy to assist and we soon have ourselves a newer room on the   floor

stay four night at the eaton in an executive room . rooms compact but faultless and staff very helpful . a few minor annoyance   you have to pay   dollar per day for wifi and i have real problem make international call , but for price and location this hotel be a safe bet . nice bar and small roof terrace on   floor , similar price to other hk place , and lots of shop and market etc closeby

this be our first visit to hong kong and can not fault the staff or hotel . the location be great only a short stroll to jordan stn and the night and lady market . the staff be great breakfast buffet great and the room very clean good view of jordan street

we stay in eaton hotel for three night in november   the hotel be lovely with excellent service and nice facilities . the rooms be excellent but small . great location on nathan road and good transfer free to kowloon station to get the airport shuttle

a group of   of us stay at the eaton for   night in november for a trip that be half holiday half business . i be responsible for select accommodation and change our book at the last minute to the eaton after the terrible exchange rate with the hk   to the ` aud   . we be suppose to stay at the excelsior on hong kong island , but move to the cheaper kowloon side . we all take rooms with access to the e club lounge , which be definatley worth the money . all email and phone call to the hotel prior where answer promptly

we stay in the eaton hotel the first week of october . it be our first trip to hongkong . the eaton hotel be a winner . we be welcome as soon as we get of the shuttle bus and our luggage be take up . the whole stay the staff could not have be more friendly . breakfast be a joy . very well organise , no wait times etc . we advise this hotel to anyone

my husband and i have a two night stopover in hong kong on our way home from england and paris to break the journey home to new zealand

stay at the eaton for four night

the rooms be small but very clean with nice bathrooms . the metro be a short walk away or it 's about a   minute walk to the star ferry . the hotel be in a good , lively location but if you only have a couple days in town you may want to stay in central . the staff be courteous and the value be very good

we stay at the eaton hotel for   days during september   overall , we be not impress with our stay at all , and most likely , we will not stay there again

it be my first time stay at the eaton . i be skeptical at first because i have book the reservation online with hotels .com . i want to reconfirm my reservation with the hotel via email the eaton hotel email but have not hear any response . finally i call them long distance from vancouver , bc , and confirm my reservation

stay here on   occasions in september . on   visit we have a non smoking room obviously recently renovated . on the   occasion the wife state she must have a smoking room . higher up than last time but not refurbish and a bit dated . pool be fine if a bit small as be the rooms but not tiny . my brother be stay at the prudential close by and the rooms be larger if not as well decorated . you be pay extra at the eaton because it have a outside area to smoke and drink if you choose to do so . free internet access available in the coffee shop in the basement your suppose to by a coffee to use . hotel be   min from jordan mtr or you can get a number of bus that travel up and down nathan road , we usually look for the   and  

the location be great but the rroms be small but i guess it 's expected . generally , a forgettable hotel , neither here nor

well , i just back from my   days stay in hong kong and decide to write this review . first of all i can say that if you be look for a good hotel service , location , amenities you definately have to stay at this hotel . i make my choose base on other review and now i be sure that be a right choice . staff be very friendly and helpful , they speak good english which be unusual for the other chinese cities . they always do their best to help you to reach your goals . room be a little bit small , that be true but as i understand that be common for hk city , so that be not an issue . location be another great thing  nathan road with many shop mostly jewelry and electronic be just around the corner  althouygh you can get cheaper e devices in other place , the choice of jewelry be exceeltn , for budget traveller there be a lady market   famous place crowd with tourist till   am . you can get there by foot   about   minutes or by taxi   just   hk     the lowest rate you can get taxi for . if you be not willing to walk such a long way   there be a temple market , just across the   minutes on foot     you can get there whatever you need and many sex toy you would not find on lady market   , there be plenty of restaurant around it also , mcdonalds , pharmacy and all you may want to find just walk around hotel . jordan metro station be in the walk distance     minutes , tsim sha tsui station be a little bit remote from hotel , but walk to it , you will get an idea of night life in the city . area around be safety even for midnight walkers . trasportation to the airport by taxi be more reasonable than take octopus , if you be not travel alone . octopus be   hk   for two , taxi be just   hk      needless to say it be more convenient way to get to the hotel on your way from airport or on the contrary . money exchange service be available in the hotel lobby or just in front of the main entrance . so , if you decide to go to hong kong for a vacation like we do , it be good choice and good money value . try it and i be sure you wont get dissapointed

this hotel be a great base for a short visit . not too expensive which mean you can afford to upgrade to the e club service which include breakfast and get you a bigger room . handy for mtr station which open up the whole place to you

this place be unbelievable    there be   of us in   rooms and , have read previous review , we decide to upgrade to the e club rooms . we be very glad we do since the complementary breakfast and   hours happy hour with delicious snack be just excellent . the e club on the   floor allow us to relax , eat to our heart 's content save a lot on food since we do n't need to eat in the evening and the kid could check email , play game and feel like they belong



i love eaton ! get a really great deal from their website . i be travel solo and the location be perfect !   minute walk from jordan mtr station,    and surround by local shop

i find a great price on expedia for this hotel , the week before the olympics and i pay     us per night . the hotel be in a great location , just a few block to the jordan mrt station , you can be on hk island in minutes without the hk island price , it 's just metre away from the temple street night market

the hotel be great until the bed bug bite show up and create havoc . have stay in this hotel many times before and never experience problem until now . therefore , i be not go to blame the hotel because the bed bug could have come from previous hotel guests . the hotel place us in another room but we worry that the bed bug might have come home with us . we leave the day after but still develop new bites . when we return home , we have to wash everything down with bleach and hydrogen peroxide include luggages . terrible experience . from now on , we be go to bring a small flashlight and check every nook and cranny for bug first before take any room at any hotel anywhere . in case you be wonder , we still pay for the room

we stay at the eaton hotel for two week from   august  

i book this hotel base on other traveler review and the main motivation be the location

our room be on the   floor with a great view down nathan road . the room must have be newly renovate as it be set out and furnish with quality . the other floor be renovate during the day not bother us at all . the service and staff at the hotel and all its restaurant be exceptional and be always willing to accomodate us . the rooftop pool be have great surroundings and in general the hotel look really nice

stay in this hotel for one week while attend the equestrian olympics in shatin . find the location good and rooms nice but small . however drink be a complete rip off and whats more appear to go up in price the later the night go on . also i think you should watch your bill and one evening we have be charge for   drink we not have . only have drink two night and you can see why

the location of the hotel be quite good . it be locate in between jordan and yau ma tei station . if you do n't mind walk , you can take a   min walk to mongkok too

we recently return from two week at the eaton in hong kong , myself , my husband and our   year old daughter , and we could not have wish for better . we book one of the club rooms which be brilliant recently refurbish . with the club room breakfast be include as be drink and snack all day and also a   happy hour in the evening these be take in the eclub on the   floor where all the staff be very nice and helpful especially ter . the roof terrace have a lovely pool and gym where billy always greet us with a warm welcome

my boyfriend and i stay at the eaton hotel for a week in late november   we be originally book at another hotel , but change when we look at the location of the eaton as well as some of the good review it have receive

we want a bit of glamour on a budget when we get to hong kong , and we be pleasantly surprise with the service and quality of this hotel . the room be small , and a bit dark but bed be clean , bathroom be clean , and we live there comfortably for   days

i book a family holiday for three at the eaton hotel in november   our experience at reception after a long flight from the uk be refreshing . we be make to feel very important and a pleasure to serve . we be take to a separate reception area in the executive lounge and offer complimentary drink and snacks . what a fantastic start to our holiday and first impression of hong kong . the staff could not have be more friendly , helpful , polite and professional . i have book a room with   single bed which in the past have cause challenge at other hotels . not at the eaton . our large and clean room be ready for us with complimentary beverage , shave kit , tooth brush etc . wow another great start to our stay in hong kong before we have even start sight see from the central location of the eaton

i be a little unsure about this hotel as i have read mix reviews . when we arrive our room be n't ready but we give another room on a higher floor which be perfectly fine . staff be polite and very helpful   when we enquire about good electrical store they even tell us which shop to stay clear of that be likely to try and rip off tourist , in addition to provide good recommendations . location be good . it 's not far from a mrt station , and to be honest the walk down to the kowloon harbour be not that long about   min . the breakfast be nice , and they offer a good variety . the rooms be very compact but they be really nice and very clean . the bathroom be lovely . the room even have a ipod dock station which be great to have . this really be a good place to stay

a good start   have arrive at   after an   hour qantas flight , the hotel manage to have one of our   rooms available , and the   be ready less than an hour later

we have return back from a great trip round asia and decide to splurge on our last two nights     this be probably the best hotel i have ever stay in   and i have stay in a few !

location

the eaton be situate on a quiet street on the edge of the bustle of kowloon . on arrival , the concierge excel in make one 's arrival a pleasure together with the personal attention of check in . i stay in a very comfortable suite with a well design asian feel to it . the bed be very comfortable and the bathroom very well design with the latest italian accessory and efficient use of the space . room service and housekeep be very good . food outlet be excellent and i particularly enjoy the new japanese restaurant with magnificent food and presentation and the best wagu around

we book a suite direct with the hotel and get what we think be a good price however,having just spend time in hotel suite in auckland and sydney we be disappoint at the size and standard at the eaton but we suspect that unless you pay a fortune you will not get much bigger in hong kong

the location and price be great   was right smack in the middle of mongkok   walk and tsim sha tsui   min walk

i stay at the eaton with my husband for   night in april on recommendation from a friend who currently life in hong kong

excellent food buffet for breakfast and dinner , rooftop heated pool , like a grecian villa , exercise room , and comfy bed , a rarity in asia where hard bed be everywhere . by go directly to the hotel website , and checking back , i get a scream deal . for breakfast you sit in a large glass in area . hotel save us a bundle on taxi to the airport by negotiate with taxi for us

i stay here with my partner on the way back from australia . we do n't arrive until about midnight , but there be still lots go on in the bar area a very funny sing act

for   buck a night through priceline , the eaton be an excellent deal . however , priceline rates this as a   * hotel . it clearly be n't unless you be stay in a club room and i would n't pay even the expedia rate

stay at the eaton for   night in february . we have book a club room and be very pleased . with free wireless internet and free hot breakfast and two hours of free drink per day the e club offer fantastic value

i stay at the eaton hotel for     attend a course that be run at the hotel . the hotel staff be pleasant , friendly     helpful  very service oriented . the meeting room be impressive , well equipped but the air con be cold  thermostat do n't seem to work

i arrive at the hotel at about   hotel staff be friendly     helpful . the bell boy even refuse to take the tip from me . the reception   check in counter be at level   if i can still remember . the room , bathroom     lift might be slightly too small but be ok for hong kong

eaton hotel in hong kong be an outstanding experience . i can honestly say the only thing that i do not like about the hotel be that it be locate on nathan road . i have never be to hong kong , but quickly find out that i absolutely destest nathan road . i feel like i be be accost every   steps by a tailor   so annoying . other than that , i absolutely love the hotel . the staff treat everyone like royalty . we reserve the cheapest room , but it be unavailable when we check in so they upgrade us for free to the executive room . it be much bigger than i expect with a sofa .   hour room service . the internet be a bit pricey , about     a day . the hotel restaurant be also a bit pricey but have delicious food . it 's a bit of a walk to the harbour and i do n't recommend the walk down nathan , unless that be your kind thing . the hotel be very close to the night market and the jade market , both worth a visit . i love the eaton and can highly recommend it for it value and quality . personally , if i could pick the hotel up and move it to stanley , i would stay there every time i go to hong kong . kowloon , just be n't my thing , but if it be yours , i highly recommend the eaton . you wo n't be sorry

we have just return from hong kong and have a   night stay at the eaton hotel . i do a lot of research on this site     others on this holiday as it be a surprise   birthday present for my girlfriend     the eaton in principle appear to tick all the boxes . the first good thing about this hotel be its location . an excellent base for exploration , just off nathan road where bus run frequently and cover all of the key area in kowloon   and also   minutes from jordan metro . a lot of the big attraction be just a short walk or bus metro ride away , such as kowloon park , the waterfront , plus the main museum     market , i book a deluxe room     we be on the   floor . check in be simplicity in itself , reception     concierge be very helpful , friendly and informative . the room itself be very clean and well presented . the bed be firm , spacious and comfortable . the a c be fully adjustable . the flat screen tv , the remote control light panel and the i home ipod player be a really nice touch . the rooms be not oversized but i personally think its all relative . if you be go to stay in it   then you probably get cabin fever . we be out explore most of the time and when in the hotel we chill out in the ample space planter bar or the lovely garden area , so room size be not an issue . the food in the main restaurant be first class with a choice of buffet or al a carte . some other review say that it be expensive , but i believe that you really do get what you pay for . the steak be sumptuous     they even have a chocolate fountain   ! the buffet breakfast be diverse and the restaurant staff be usually on point . the   hour gym be not very big but it have all the things in it you need for a total cardio physical workout and i could find no fault . the complementary towel , bottled water     fresh fruit again be a nice touch . the pool be open and even though we do not use it , it be in pristine condition

we stay here for one night on our way home to the states . although the rooms be small , they be very clean and have all the amenities you could want . super super efficient . the location be great   you could walk to the harbor , to the night market , canton road , etc . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful . wonderful place

i have stay at a few different hotel in hong kong , and i have to say , the eaton be the least impressive of them . maybe it be just because we book the most standard room which be as small as a small hotel room in new york city . there be barely room to open to our suitcase and the room itself be a little run down . the window be small and the view be unremarkable . the shower be not bad but the toilet have the loudest , linger flush i have ever hear ! the location be okay , but a little far up nathan rd , so it 's quite a hike to the harbour . at least it be close to the night market

this holiday be amasing and far excedeed my

first trip to hk and stay at the eaton because one of their online promotion lure me in . be n't sure what to expect because have read about hk and small rooms , well to say the least i be pleasantly surprised . larger then a room in manhattan and much better price , they look to have be recently renovate and upon check in we be upgrade which you can never complain about . the room be very modern and very clean with full size bathroom and plasma tv

i live in hong kong for several years hk island side and have return   times since to visit friends . i have always opt for hotel in wanchai or causeway bay because the island side be where i feel ground

my husband and i return today from a   night stay at the eaton , and we be already miss this wonderful hotel and amazing city . from the moment we arrive we receive nothing but prompt and courteous service , always with a smile

modern recently refurbish hotel . apparently upgrade room on arrival but unsure of what the difference be other than we be on a higher floor . no view from room other than limited view of nathan rd . hotel be a two night stop over for us and be very clean and helpful friendly staff . location not as we expect and spend time on ferry over to hong kong island . public transport be excellent and suggest purchase an octopus card to use on all public transport . this include the peak tram . hotel transfer be include in our trip but would reccommend the     airport express    from to airport , this stop on hong kong island where you can easily reach hotels . this system also allow you to check baggage in at the station for return journey , save you time at the airport . would reccomend     the peak    for wonderful view of city and accross to kowloon , suggest go early to reduce queueing . bus to     stanley    worthwhile quaint beachfront location . good choice of restaurant and a typical oriental market to pick up gift

we stay at eaton       and have a really excellent stay . i book through hotel website and decide to upgrade to club class   this i think make our stay completely satisfying . we book the hotel shuttle via their website . the shuttle take us from arrival hall   area b , desk   which take us directly from the airport to the hotel where staff be wait to direct us through to the main lobby . from the lobby we be take to the e club check in , and although happy hour have finish we order a complimentary drink while check in . the staff could not have be more oblige and helpful . our room be a good size and not too small be worry after reading previous review but find the rooms to be very comfortable and we be very happy with comfort and facilities . we be on   floor and have no noise . my only grumble would be that the pool be close , although we have be inform by email , have be not advise that an alternative hotel could be use if we have want and could use the swim facility at their chain through langham hotel , not far away . have we know this we would have enjoy this faciility . but overall , complimentary cocktail and hors douvres during   hour period be very welcome start at   pm . use of the lounge and internet access a bonus , vary choice for hot and cold breakfast buffet be excellent , complimentary use of coffee and muffin throughout the day if we feel like it . i love the outside lift that look like glass pods . i would definitly return to this hotel and recommend it to all , family , couples . i though it be excellent value for money and extremely comfortable and freindly

stay here during a trip in september   and book a deluxe room for both me and my girlfriend

we stay   night during our family trip to hong kong . we have one executive suite and one standard room booked . the standard room be upgrade for free to deluxe and give on the same floor as the other room per our request   

we be disappointed  when we arrive we could n't find the entrance its to the side with no sign post i leave my partner with the luggage at what we think be the front , get to reception it then take them close to an hour to help us with the luggage . we have book a double room in a high floor and be give a twin near the bottom . i find staff to be unhelpful and when we be move to a double room where expect to tip for a second time

we stay here for one night on a stopover catch up on sleep . we reserve the room through priceline for     , which i think be a bad deal to start with . i could get better hotel

we just return from our first trip to hong kong . we find the hotel via an old frommer 's recommendation , but look at many hotel online before book on the hotel 's website . the hotel be a tremendous value for the quality we received . the staff be solicitous , the hotel very well appoint and extremely clean and up to date , the ambiance restful and the location superb . it be a short walk to the mtr which be easy to figure out and it be within walk distance to so many of the market in kowloon . my only negative be the size of the room small , but from what i hear of hong kong , it be no different from other hotels . i would not feel the need to stay anywhere else for our second trip to hong kong

my family and i stay at the eaton from dec .   and find our stay to be very comfortable . the rooms be clearly very small and not upgraded updated , if you opt for a basic standard room , but where they lack in size be very much make up in service by staff . the front desk be always hospitable and the concierge fantastic . before arrive , i have email request for reservation at various restaurant in hong kong . within a couple hours of my email request , i receive a confirmation email detailing confirming each night 's restaurant reservation ! then , some   days before our arrival , i realize that i have not even think of transfer service from the airport to the hotel for my large family with overload baggage . i email the concierge yet again , and they advise promptly with their bus ' availability to retrieve us from the airport ! the lobby be very clean and relatively spacious for a boutique size hotel . overall , our experince be wonderful and well worth the money

the first impression of the eaton be excellent , we be give an upgrade on arrival which be a nice surprise and have a lovely room overlook nathan road . although the room be small , it have everything in it that we need and we werent there enough for the size to worry us . the staff at this hotel be excellent and be so attentive ! ! we eat in the coffee shop on a few occassions and the food be lovely . i definatly recommend the supper buffet , it start at   and costs only   dollars . well worth it for the choice that be there   the deserts be so nice ! ! ! ! ! ! the location be great and give us easy access to the market and shops . would stay at this hotel again , and would definatly recommend to anyone visit hong kong

we stay for three night in an executive room with access to the e club with breakfast and free drink   every evening . the e club unfortunately be underground , it would have be nicer on the top floor with a view . they have a pool and gym there instead which look nice . the room be ok in size , although the bed be rather queen than king size . the location be very good , near the temple street market , metro , and for a taxi from to the airport . if i go to hk again i will probably stay here again , and definitely in kowloon rather than on the hk island

i travel to hong kong for a one week business trip . i normally stay on the hong kong but opt this time to try kowloon . i get an executive upgrade room eclub level room and be look forward to my stay

we stay at the eaton hotel , en route to a wed in bali . the location be absolutely first class for the jade market , lady market , temple street night market . the public transport system in hong kong leave our uk one stand and the hotel be close by bus and train

fantastic location for shopping on nathan road . short walk to the mrt which give access to the whole city

for the price , you ca n't really knock this place although we do get an online deal . the rooms be pretty small but we expect that   however , they be clean and functional . the location be the best thing   very close to public transport , which be both cheap and reliable . also good for the market and shop and only a short walk from the waterfront . my only gripe be that we be overcharge when it come to pay the bill . sure , mistake can happen but we find three separate things and at make me a little wary of their integrity . would i stay there again ? perhaps , but next time i would n't use any of the hotel facility mini bar , massage etc  

we stay at the eaton hotel in may  june   and we book the eaton room . although quite small i think it be lovely , luxurious , clean and comfortable with modern amenties . i think the class of this hotel be much higher than rate and would give it   a half star ! i like the digitally control light in the room and the ice machine on each floor be especially handy

very well price comfortable and modern hotel situate in between the jordon and yau ma tei mass transit railway stations like the tube

i have stay twice in this hotel and on both occassions have find it to be great . the location , whilst not in the centre of hong kong , be fine . if you do n't mind walk , it 's about   minutes to the star ferry

i stay at this hotel with my wife and we both thought it be fantastic . the hotel staff be very polite and the hotel be clean and up to a high standard

we spend   night on vacation at the eaton in an executive room with     e club    . the room be good and have panoramic floor to ceiling windows look out over nathan road . it â   s definitely worth book the     e club    as this provide access to a cosy lounge and include breakfast , all day soft drink , and evening nibble and alcoholic refreshments . there be also a number of pc 's with free internet access , which be ideal for checking in for your return flight

we stay in the eaton in late october   for   nights . we book the executive room with access to the e club via the hotel website . this be a good idea as not only do you get a larger room for hong kong but you get access to the club with internet access , breakfast and drink water tea during the day and alcohol for   hours in the evening

i have stay here about   times in the past   years . i still think its a great hotel the best thing be a central location the reception , hallway , cafe and gym be all still great but the room i stay in november   be get a bit tired definately need a lick of paint . but i will still stay here again but will consider upgaring the rrom to a

stay at the eaton for   nights . good position , very oblige happy and pleasant staff . beautiful breakfast serve every morning room small and clean . however hairdryer faulty wardrobe door fall off and the worst pillow i have ever sleep on

very nice hotel , friendly staff . airco outside the room in the hall make a lot of noise . stay on the   floor . recommendable

we just spend   night in the eaton hotel . after deliberate for week on which hotel to book we be thrill with our final decision . the staff be ultra friendly and go way out of their way , the hotel be beautiful and glitsy enough for such a good rate . the location be perfect ,   minutes from the mtr that can take you anywhere you'ld want . the hotel have computer and internet free of charge   hours a day , the breakfast be include in the reservation , which be perfect too . it 's a little difficult to find     breakfast    like we be use to in the states . asian country do n't eat breakfast like we do , but what the eaton provide everyday be above and beyond . they also provide heavy hours d'ourvours and drink each evening include in the room rate . the rooms be beautiful , and clean . all things consider the eaton hotel be perfect . i would n't change a thing

we stay at the eaton for one night . we fly from sanya to do a   day trip in hong kong . when we arrive at the eaton i be pleased . it be in a good location in terms of shopping eating etc

i have stay several times at the eaton and have not have any major problems . my most recent visit i upgrade to the     excecutive level    i be on a business trip so my company be pay for it   ~ c     and i receive access to the     e    lounge , which offer free wi fi internet access ,   desktop terminal , free drink pop , water , juice , some munchies mini muffins , cookie and newspapers magazines

we stay at the eaton hotel for   night and we could n't of be happier , the room have small but comfortable and modern ! stay on the   floor and have excellent view of the busy street below . the bathroom have modern also , my only gripe be that it do n't have an exhaust vent

we stay here as a party travel from sanay the book in be flawless the rooms adequate for what we need it for the problem i find be that the windows do not shut so i wake up in the night with a freeze foot but apart from that it be ok small but fantastic location straight on nathan street about half an hour from the harbour where we watch the light show fantastic and slap bang in middle of all the

this great hotel be in a perfect location on nathan road , a few steps from the mtr station and all the shopping hong kong have to offer

we have spend a wonderful time in hongkong . the hotel be magnificent and we have a perfect service . it be situate in the heart of the city . bus stop and train stations be only a few minutes walk from the hotel . it be hot and busy in the street , but we could relax because of the peace in the hotel . everything be clean and neat . the internet access in the internet cafe be perfectly

a smart ,   * hotel with friendly and efficient reception staff . we 'd only book the night before to escape the ibis in north point . jason be superbly efficient and professional in explain that our room be not yet ready so we do n't mind wait one bit

stay   night at eaton hotel . use their limo service to get from airport with no problem at all , wait for us , very friendly staff . check in painless , although we be give a twin room instead of a double not a problem for   night and ask to check in the morning if double available   we do n't feel the need . really just use this as our base , do n't eat or drink there or use much of the facilities . however , it be very conveniently locate , quiet consider the central location , and we find all staff extremely helpful and friendly . would definitely recommend and stay there in future if visit hong kong . rooms admittedly on the small side , but have everything require for a short stay !

spend   night at the eaton hotel and base on the emotion of my wife and   kid on leave , we have a great time . service be good , rooms be small but good , aircon work well and shower provide plenty of hot water

the eaton seem to fit the bill its in kowloon near the famous nathan street shopping area

just return from the eaton in hong kong . good rooms for the price , you not need a suite , your visit one of the busiest city in the world . our room be clean , comfortable , air condition , clean have a great shower and wonderful hospitality . would definately recommend , we do n't upgrade to     e club    not feel the need , lots to see and do locally , great location , busy all around , always feel welcome

we stay at the eaton in sept   for   nights . the quality of the newly renovate room as excellent for the price and the service and staff be all top notch

standard rooms   not renovate

you 'd think reserve a room for three would give the hotel a head up the number of people come to stay . we arrive around   yet we be miss one bed and set of blanket sheet , pillow and blanket    not to mention the third set of toiletry and towel ! they try charge us for the extra bed but they be see reason when we explain the downfall to their room they provide us

stay here from sep   to sep   book a suite through hotel 's own website . keep in mind , this be one of their     old    suite , not the new one with all the fancy technology . have also book limo pickup on arrival

my second visit to hong kong in less than a year   i admit i really like this place ! my first time , i stay in mong kok so i want to try a different location since i want to explore more of the area i do n't get to go to the last time . most of my plan destination be go to be more in the south victoria peak and hk island + a day trip to macau , but i still want to eat and shop up north , so i think be in the middle of kowloon would serve me best . i could n't have ask for a more perfect spot . the mtr be just a few minutes away around the block , and get here and there be so convenient . i stay in the     eaton room    which be n't the largest room i have ever stay in , but it be n't the smallest either . for a single person like myself , it be just right . i am sure   people it would n't be a problem either , unless you enjoy play catch with a football . it have nice , neat , modern , and stylish decor which make me feel relax and comfortable . it also have feature , such as ihome great to plug my ipod and charge listen to my music , a flat screen lcd tv and broadband internet access i do n't have a laptop so do n't get to use . i have a queen bed with feather pillow which be quite comfortable and clean look which i could really appreciate . next to the bed be a small desk and chair setup for gathering my document and look over my trip dossier . the bathroom be also clean and bright with a modern and stylish sink . suffice it to say , i be very please with my accommodations . i get to use the pool upstairs which be enjoyable . i be take swim class the semester before my trip and i be glad i get to practice my strokes . it 's a pretty small pool so i am not sure what it 's like if there be more than   people there . my time spend there , i be always by myself so i could n't complain . next door to the pool area be the hotel gym . it have a good amount of equipment and free weight to use . again , the times i use it , there be n't anyone there so that be cool no wait to use equipment . lots of tv to distract you and a nice view out the window when you 're take a water break . after , there 's a little change room at the side with locker and where you can shower . my choice to visit hk when i do be unfortunate because some big tech convention be go on and as a result , hotel all over be book up and price be n't what i would have preferred . my costs for   night include     off for   night stay be   +   =       , or     . kind of pricey for my cheap [    ] , but it be bad timing on my part plus i deserve a treat one in a while . probably better rates on a non convention weekend . but , again , the centralize location and feature offer at the eaton make my stay worthwhile . the hotel overall be very nice and appeal

i have read many review of the eaton hotel on tripadvisor , not quite convince that it be the best selection , but i book it anyways in hope of a good choice

after reading previous review i be a bit skeptical and unsure what to expect

let get this out of the way . one of the best hotel we have stay in during our worldwide travels . we would have no hesitation in recommend this hotel

my husband and i and our   teenage child boy and girl stay at eaton for   night on a stopover go back to usa for home leave . upon arrival at the airport , we be give the option of the bus shuttle or a limo which end up be a better value than the bus . we have a smooth ride via mercedes to the hotel . check in be late and a bit hectic but no problems . however , our rooms be not interconnect as request and reserved . unfortunately , our   different sex child have to share a room and the same bed for the night       our complaint be hear and of course as the hotel be completely book , we be unable to change the room until the follow day . and , the only room 'available ' be several floor below ours . not really a drama but , have the child be younger , we would have insist on another option . we also receive a 'discount ' for the room change which always helps       there be a significant change in rooms the higher one go in the hotel floorwise . our room be fabulous and more than adequate for the   of us           very clean , recently renovate and have a good smell . however , our child 's room be date and smelly          i would recommend upon make reservation that one request a newly renovate room . the entire hotel be undergo renovation and will be stunning once it 's complete

reservation   stay at eaton for   nts . in jul aug . i make reservation via the hotel web site in may . between may     july , every time i check back , price have go down . i cancel     rebooked   times for better rates   save hk    

we stay at eaton hotel at nathan road for   night in july . make the reservation as we have read previous review seem ok and we wish to stay a few night in kowloon , near the tourist attraction such as the temple street night market and nathan road

we love the eaton   nice look to the rooms , very clean . good shopping around the hotel . the location be between metro stops    which be good but sometimes a bit of a walk

we stay here for   days at the eaton on the first leg of our honeymoon

i have just return from a   night stay at the eaton . this be a combi business   pleasure trip and i stay in an executive room

i stay in the eaton hotel for one week last year . through expedia we book a double superior room . at the arrival we be bring to our room and give a superior , at least we think so . we ask this to the bellboy and yes he say it be a superior room we would stay in . after some days we start doubt about this because the other rooms be bigger . we ask about it at the reception desk and then the problem started . we show our book and the first person tell our room be not a superior room . so we ask for the superior which they refuse to give us . we have to argue a lot and have a fight with the front desk . finally we be give a room which we have pay for after they try to put us in another room which be not a superior again . this battle take us like   hours and lots of energy . we be very dissapointed by the service of the front desk . hotel facilites be okay , nice pool and good breakfast lunch area in the basement with free internet . but the service certainly lacks . would never return here because of that

service be great the moment you step into the hotel , a   star hotel with a   star service

we stay at the eaton hotel as part of a two week honeymoon to the far east . the hotel be tell in advance that we would be stay there as part of our honeymoon as we be advise by our travel agent that we would receive complimentary fruit and free upgrade to the next category room

i stay at the eaton hotel for   night and find it to be in a great location for shopping and sightseeing . i be upgrade from a standard room to an eaton club room on arrival . room be small , but have everything i need , be very clean and new . the pool and gym be also great . close to the jordan mtr station , tin hau temple , night market and many restaurant and shops . short train ride to anywhere ! my favourite hotel in hong kong

we be   eaton from   may till   june   book the grand suite as we have child , and be like a   suite . check in   in the room by the asst mgr . the e club lounge mgrs ms mimi be by far the most helpful person we met . the room be keep clean by ms kitty of hskp . fantastic staff overrall . location not that great , but a   walk to jordan mtr . night market   roads away . mcd 's just across the road . we enjoy our stay very much

we stay at the eaton for   days in april   the thing that stand out about the eaton be the quality of the service   it be excellent right from the airport pickup . we book the club room with e club privilege and be very please with our decision . the morning breakfast be top notch and they also have an evening happy hour which make for an welcome break in the evening . the hotel be well locate , couple of block from the jordan mtr and an easy walk to mong kok . the street market lady , temple , jade be all within walk distance . overall it be a great place to stay and we would highly recommend it

a really good hotel , from the very start the service be excellent and worthy of an upgrade to the executive rooms . the e club be very good with friendly and relax service

just stay here one night on a fleeting visit   visit after a business trip to singapore to hit the shops . never stay here previously , though be impress with sister hotel langham place in mongkok when i stay there this time last year

we stay at the eaton hotel for   nights . we have two standard rooms book and be prepare for a pretty small room base on review we have read but be presently surprised . we have   adjoin rooms between the   of us and have two single bed in each and find there be enough room on the floor for all our bag and our shopping . although the standard rooms be n't flash , they be very clean , well present and feel comfy

stay at the eaton in april for   nights . love this hotel . its in a fantastic location , walk to mtr station , walk to market , shop , everything ! very nice rooms , small of course but all hong kong hotel have small rooms i believe . rooftop pool be lovely and the buffet breakfast include be to die for ! staff be very friendly and the hotel have a lovely atmosphere . highly recommend

rooms be very small and we need two upgrade before we be happy . end up with and eaton club room executive suite on the   floor . these be about     a night but , but if you be stay more than a couple of days , this would be more comfortable . the club room come with it 's own   floor staff , free internet , and free drink and food from   to   american breakfast on the   floor be so , so . ist floor staff be great and more familar with western requirements . you can book in and out through this reception . location be central ,a choice between the two mtr subway staitions , still have you walk a couple of block either way . temple street market across the road , with general night market in one street then food the next . everone be get into the food if you new what to get . again we decide to go it a lone regard tours . a long walk to the harbour stop at most of the large department store , then a star ferry to hong kong island then a bus to the stanley market and repulse bay be achievable but a full day . another trip along the same line to the peak just about coverered what you could see in a short time . overall ideal for the business man or a short stay money changer across the road from the main car prk entrance be consistant

i stay at the eaton frm   march for   book the executive room . great for space not much of a view though . if you get the   degree window room , ur look over part of nathan rd . if you get the slighty bigger room , u have no view at all . i stay   at the slightly bigger one but then ask to move to the   degree window as i want some kind of view

i be there twice in march

  night in this compfy and modern big hotel . think we have standard queen room , size be ok with modern decor , big compfy bed and great view of downtown kowloon . great location , walk distance to lots of shop , parks , bars and restaurants . have rooftop spa and pool with relax feel and again great view of city . hotel offer great value for money rates especialy on their website and if your a travel agent you get a very good discount . disapointed with staff customer service except for spa pool staff , he be very sweet . would definately go back

we stay at the eaton , hong kong for   days in nov   the hotel be very central , and close to the temple street night market   walk and on nathan road which have   's of shop

the eaton be everything you would desire for a good and comfortable stay,well locate on nathan rd in kowloon

everyone we meet be exceptionally polite and helpful . the room , although small , be very comfortable , clean and new . i would stay at eaton again on my next visit to hong kong because of its great value . a little gem

we stay for three night in hong kong from   we book and executive room for the increase space and access to the e club

i stay at this hotel between   feb   as part of a stopover to australia package . i book a superior room which be on the   floor . this be certainly high enough to escape any ambient noise from the hotel or from the traffic down below on nathan road . the room be of a decent , but not exceptional size , the double bed be large , clean and comfortable if a little on the firm side . the bathroom be clean and well stocked with toiletry and two fresh bottle of water every day a nice touch i think . there be a free to use safe in the room for store your valuables . the room also have a tv with channels show english premiership football and bbc world for those who like a taste of home

the eaton be very near to all the market and shop and easy access to hong kong island

lovely hotel , with friendly staff . only problem be that we be on the   floor but be still keep awake by the noise of the traffic . be careful we book an executive room but be put into a club room , although we do question this at check in but to no avail .   walk to harbour , right in the heart of the shopping centre , short walk to night market

stay at the eaton two night end of january . small but nicely furnish rooms , great shower bath , beautiful swim pool on roof . nice exercise room , but do find elipitical machine not working . other equipment all work fine . staff very accomadating , everybody polite and helpful . within a couple of block of temple street and jade markets . subway also within two blocks . e club worth extra price , i be pick up at the airport in a luxury bus , very nice happy hour and breakfast . will stay here again if i return to hong kong

give frequent complaint about small hotel rooms in hong kong and the excellent room rates available at the eaton , i book a suite . very nice room   decent size . hotel in good condition . be allow to check in at   after overnight flight be a bonus . good location for jade market , temple street night market , etc . probably my hotel of choice on return to hong kong

we find the eaton hotel to be a great choice , especially location . opposite the temple market , a few hundred metre from jordan mtr . walk distance to lady market and down to the harbour although i must confess we do use the mtr on more than one occassion . rooms be as we have expect in hong kong   small but be more than comfortable . the smorgasborg breakfast be sensational   fully cook if you want and delicious fruits . and allow us to generally skip lunch . drink in the hotel be pricy , as they seem to be everywhere in hong kong . under the hotel be a really nice coffee shop with free internet access . we usually eat on one of the street restaurant in temple street   have no problems . all in all a very happy

stay in the eaton hotel for two night from   january as part of our honeymoon

my husband     i stay at the eaton hotel for   night from   january until   january the hospitality     friendliness display by the staff whilst we stay here be to be commend ! the hotel 's position ie close to the temple street     the lady market prove to be an asset along with the convenience of underground railway system closeby i would thoroughly recommend stay at the eaton hotel ! !

my boyfriend and i stay in a superior room at eaton hotel . it be wonderfully furnish   exactly as show in their website at             . the room be of an ok size   you do not feel claustrophobic inside , and the bathroom be great . bathtub , toothbrush set , shower cap and all the usual works . there be also a fruit basket welcome us on the first day . a pity it be not refill  

we stay at the eaton for   night , the rooms be very small i would say good for a stop over . people in our group upgrade and still not satisfied . the hotel be busy with renovation so if you think to rest after a long flight forget it . the staff not very helpful , do not even attend to my complaint about the noise . if you a big person and try to fit in the bath good luck ! !

while on my normal trip and stay at this wonderful facility , a certain fellow and what look to be a russian prostitute keep us awake all night . their constant use of hairspray and building airplane model at all hours be deplorable

i recently stay in the eaton hotel on a stopover for   night whilst travel to australia with my parent and brother . i book , and receive interconnect rooms . upon reach the hotel from the airport we be greet by friendly efficient staff both in the lobby and at reception . rooms be small but then i already new this have read report on tripadvisor . we be warn about ongoing refurbishment works but to be honest these do not impact on our stay at all   i believe they be due for completion in early january . rooms be clean , tidy and bathroom have a plentiful supply of toiletry if that 's your sort of thing

a true gem in the middle of kowloon . situate right on nathan road not let that oasis like photo on their website fool you . nevertheless , the hotel be well equip with plenty of restaurant and lounge and appear to have a very lively following of guest from around the world . book use the web and discover a hide gem call the eclub . a delightful and trendy lounge on the first floor available all day long for select guests . complimentary beverage all day long with a continental breakfast and happy hour plus free internet access . we actually not need to pay for breakfast a couple of morning without intend to do so . the staff be friendly and courteous . careful of the renovation though , not all rooms be complete yet

we like to contribute with this objective review as non profit tripadvisor with some usefull tip for frequent travellers what to do and remark about this hotel on this location in hong kong mainland kowloon like us who like always to get what they expect

my husband and i just return from spending   days at the eaton hotel and be very please with our choice

lovely hotel in a great , but busy , location . away from most of the hustle and bustle on nathan road , but near enough to enjoy it

we     adult and   child from denmark   stay at eaton   september   we have via hotels com reserve a double room , which should be oh so nice

this be by far the best value hotel we could find in hong kong when travel with small child age           . it be important to have interconnect rooms to allow us some space . the cost can be blow out by this but at the eaton the rooms be small but adequate and comfortable and about     cheaper than elsewhere for the same requirement

stay at the eaton on the last day of my   day trip business trip to china . book the hotel on line through their website as the price be great for a   star hk hotel   . reserve a queen , non smoking superior room , which be recently renovate with plasma tv . stay in room   accross from elevator

brilliant hotel , we be on our way to new zealand and stay at the eaton hong kong for   night as part of our honeymoon , and they upgrade our room and give us a lovely bottle of champagne ! the room be a club executive room which be massive and so luxiorus ! the staff be amazing and helpful and the club lounge be great with free internet access all day long and free drink and champagne and breakfast . its definetly worth have a club room as when we speak to some brits who be stay in a basic room they be say how horrible and pokey it be and that breakfast be so expensive to have as it wasent include in their package

as a former manager of a hotel i can truly say that my stay in the eaton hotel be one of the best i have experience lately . the staff be very effective and friendly . especially the eaton club package be one of exclusive pampering the dim sum restaurant in the basement be excellent and the aroma caf Ã © serve the best cafe latte . rooms be very comfortable with great bed

the arrival at the eaton hotel at nathan road be a good start . the very friendly people come directly towards us and help us with the luggage . in the great and clean room there be fresh flowers . special of the hotel be the so call e club , during the whole day there be drink and snack available and in the morning a good breakfast buffet and in the evening tastefull hors d'oevres . every day we have clean towel and blankets . also the swim pool and gym be very fine

we choose the eaton hotel base on price and location . it be on nathan road , just across the street from the temple st night market and be halfway between two mtr stations

there be no free airport shuttle bus that go directly from kowloon to eaton hotel , but it be about a   minute walk from the bus stop at jordan station to the hotel

we travel to hong for the third time in   month and once more stay at the eaton as we have enjoy our time here before . this time though the eaton club be up and run in full force , we receive private check in and the girl be so helpful and lovely , then find we have be upgrade to a suite

our room be on the small side compare with western standard , but we be expect this after reading the review of hong kong hotel on this website . but the bed be the most comfortable ever . bathroom also tight , but not inconvenient . room very clean but do smell badly of cigarette despite it be class as     smoke free    . no spare rooms available to relocate , so housekeep do special cleaning of room to remove as much smell as possible . be acceptable after that

great hotel  stayed during august   excellent service   food   pool . hotel staff could n't be better . rooms slightly on the small side but very clean and well equipped . would definately stay there again . the hotel be situate on nathan road and it take around   min to walk from the hotel to the harbour . a real must be to visit the aqua bar   restaurant at   peking road , kowloon   absolutely fantastic about   floor up with magnificent view at night of hong kong island

we stay at the eaton hotel from the   to the   of august   and enjoy our stay tremendously

we stay here about a week ago . as a thirtysomething backpack couple , we find it clean , central and quiet

although i be now a teacher prior to this i spend twenty plus years in sales the last ten of which in corporate finance with the bank of scotland group . during that time as i be sure you will understand i have occassion to stay on business in many hotel including    tower bride , london       the george       edinburgh , gleneagles hotel etc    etc     i be please to tell you now that none of these previous experience manage to measure up to the service i enjoy at eaton hotel hong kong . this be really down to the check in at reception which leave both my wife and myself feeling very positive about our decision not only to stay in hong kong but to stay at eaton . the first impression could not have be better and as you know you can not remake a first impression . i be please to report that the excellent job that mykee have do be back up by a similar level of performance by every other member of eaton staff that we come into contact during our visit                   we will return although the distance involve may mean that it will take longer than we would like

book eaton hotel , last minute via

to traveller look for a hotel in hong

we encounter several problem with our stay at the eaton . firstly despite us book   week in advance and be guarantee a late check in they have somehow completely run out of non smoking rooms , after a complaint we be tell although it be a smoking room we would be able to be upgrade to a club room . on the second day we spend a lovely day in hong kong but return in the afternoon to find that we could no longer enter our room . the receptionist be most rude and accuse us of only pay for one night and fail to check out ,       at night and half an hour of argue the confirmation number it seem be not enough proof they finally let us in to the room where i luckily have a full print out of the confirmation so avoid pay for the room twice , a quick unapologetic sorry be uttered . finally my dress hang in the wardrobe mysteriously 'disappeared '   i speak with at least   different member of staff to no avail , housekeep say they have not see a dress and it be not in their possession . i do n't get the dress back   so please lock your case if you stay here

after reading the previous review of this hotel on this site , we be a little apprehensive about stay at the eaton hotel but it be lovely . the communal area such as the breakfast area etc be excellent . our room be a little tired but renovation be expected . it be clean and not the box room i be expect and we have an excellent view of nathan road , especially at night with all the neon sign lit up . the hotel be only a few minutes walk from the jordan mtr stop which be very handy as this be our main mode of transport . the hotel be literally over the road from the temple street night market which we go to twice . there be also a pool on the top floor and although we do n't use it , we go to have a look for the view of the city at it look fantastic . we eat breakfast here every morning and we could n't have ask for a wider selection . it be a little expensive but be worth it and save us the hassle of try to find somewhere else . all in all we have a very plesant stay

i be in hong kong for six week , stay on hong kong island , so i want to stay at a hotel in kowloon that be not     special occasion    like the peninsula , but which would provide me with a certain level of comfort to get over my jetlag and get use to hk . after much research on tripadvisor , the eaton win over and i must say that i be not disappoint in the least

i hold my wed banquet of   table in the diamond ballroom in march ,   the reason why i choose eaton hotel be just because of the reasonable price and the beautiful ballroom , i really do n't expect too much       this be the feeling of me before my banquet date

my boyfriend and i stay here for a week at the end of march beginning of april   we have book a superior room in advance , as we 'd see picture of the huge curve glass windows . we be disappoint to find we do n't have one of these windows we have a sofa instead ! , but when we query this with reception the next morning , they move us without any fuss at all . neither of the rooms be huge , but by hong kong standard , they be palatial

althought the room size be a bit small but service in overall be great . the staff provide some wonderful     memorable arrangement for my honeymoon especially the concierge

we spend one night and half a day at the eaton hotel we be pleasently surprise to find that it be clean and the staff be very helpful it have a very nice planter bar which you could get a drink and snack . i would reccomend this hotel as a stopover

i order a superior room , which be advertize as bigger than a standard room and it costs more . the superior room be the smallest room i have have in hong kong . very tiny . far better value and bigger rooms as nearby hotel

a colleague and i stay at the eaton for   nights . i quite like it , nice restaurant and bar area , cute patio and downstairs coffee shop . the rooms be very basic , nothing to love or hate there . internet charge be daily , i think     hk , but if you go down to the coffee shop they have internet on a couple computer for free . one nice thing , the mattress be nice and soft , my other chinese hotel have mattress like boards . i would definately stay there again

i have recently return from hong kong and spend   night in the eaton hotel with my boyfriend . the hotel itself be lovely . the reception area be particulary nice and the staff be friendly and helpful . the rooms be average . compact but clean although in need of a bit of re decoration . however , during our visit we be not there to sit in the hotel room ! we pay Â £   per person per night , which i think be excellent value for money . the location of the hotel be good , with the jordan mtr only   minutes walk away . all the mtr 's be well signpost and easy to use . i would certainly recommend this hotel to other traveller

my husband and i stay here for four night before go to bali as part of our honeymoon

we stay in eaton hotel in april for   nights . we in indonesia get great package from cathay pacific call hong kong supercity package for plane and hotel exclude breakfast . for two people sharing a standard bed room for   night in eaton hotel we pay only usd   , include plane ticket jakarta to hong kong vv , shuttle bus by vigor from to airport and extra baggage   kilo per person , one day unlimited mtr ride card , cathay pacific fold bag , half day tour to aberdeen and victoria peak , etc . what a great deal ! eaton hotel surprisingly be a very good hotel . we get standard room in   floor , it a be soundproof rrom as our room face the large and noisy nathan road . we can use   free internet boot in hotel 's aroma cafe . we just need to order coffee they serve illy coffee or juice . we have an free early check in at   am . we be happy for this . the room size be ok , but definitely not spacious . but warning , they charge you local phone . better to use the   phone at the lobby which be free of charge if you dial local number . the half day tour be definitely a tourist trap . the bus take you to jewelry factory , and the bus ' tour leader persuade me to buy something , which be ok if you have desire to do so or have interest with jewelry . but no for a budget traveller like us . from eaton hotel we can walk to jordan mtr station or yau ma tei mtr station . it be only one mtr station ride to tst from jordan . it take us about   minutes to both stations as the hotel be in the middle of two stations . starbuck be in the corner of the street in case you do n't like illy coffee

we enjoy out stay at the eaton hotel . we stay there for two night in the month of march . we get to the hotel by taxi and find the hotel to be nicely decorate with a friendly staff . the hotel be undergo renovation , so there be a lot of construction . however , the lobby,lower ground , fitness facility be all easily accesible and nice . there be free internet at the lg level inside the cafe

just back , four night and be extremely pleased . find the place to be immaculate , the room compact and comfortable , staff friendly and helpful . excellent price service ratio   pay hkd   first night ,   subsequent , upgrade superior room . good location as a start point to discover good overall experience

i stay at this hotel for one night , book at the last minute and believe i pay too much for a below average room us     . i have consider stay in a cheap guesthouse but as i have only one night in hk , i think i 'd splurge and treat myself to something 'nice'

i stay   night in the eaton     club    part of the hotel , room   the room rate be arrange through carlson wagonlits at hkd   per night . my room be above average as good as some   star i have be in with a view of the street that 's about the only choice consider the location . ethernet internet available in room , but cost hkd   with a maximum of   why be i expect it to be free

i stay here recently with my friend for   nights . the price be good through expedia Â £   , consider a flight alone would have cost Â £

this be the   hotel i have stay in hk . compare to the   hotel which i have stay before   eaton 's rooms be much more smaller . the bed be sink and need a change ! anyway , the lobby and public area be so nice but the rooms be really lousy . time to renovate ! in terms of convenience   still need to walk about   before we reach the mtr station

we book the eaton through unite airline and select the hotel mainly for the price . i be a little apprehensive because the review seem to run hot or cold , no middle ground . yes , our room be small and truthfully need to be repaint , but for the price we pay ,     for   night , which include the buffet breakfast , we think the hotel be great . although the selection never change in the buffet there be enough variety so you never get bored . the fresh fruit be fabulous ! ! the staff in the restaurant and front desk be excellent . the lobby be small but beautiful . feed the fish in the pond outisde just sneak some cracker from the buffet . as others mention , good location . five minute walk to the jordan subway station . we be in hong kong   days fri   sun and love it . on the go every day

stay at eaton hotel from       december   the hotel be very clean and new . staff be friendly and very pleasant . size of the standard room be bigger than expected . excellent by hongkong 's standard

this be the worst hotel room i have ever stay in . i book it through hotel which only have a few reviews . i like this site better because of the abundant reviews . the blanket be extremely dirty and feel sticky . the water be brown , tv only have   channels , room be really small . for     us dollar , i think i would get a decent room but do not . i request a non smoking room . when i check in at   , the room be still not ready . i finally check in at   but when i get to the room it be a smoking room . they say i have to wait for a non smoking room . i do see another room but it be just as bad . the lobby and cafe be nice , clean and modern . the staff all speak english and be generally pretty nice . it be about half a mile from the main shopping , at least be you see most people hang out . i would only stay in this hotel if they have the rooms that be picture

the eaton be situate on nathan road which be in one of the main area of kowloon . the hotel provide a shuttle bus service , so if you go to location   when you clear customs , it 'll cost you approx .     which be a bargain . while our room be a little on the small size , it be clean , comfortable and have everything we needed . the staff be extremely friendly and attentive , nothing be too much trouble for them . there be free internet access in the aroma coffee shop on the lower ground floor , and a lovely warm pool on the roof which be worth a look . the star ferry be about a   minute walk where you can get the very cheap ticket to hong kong central . the soho and lan kwai fong area be definately worth a look for plenty of bars and restaurant which have a great atmosphere .   in many of them be happy hour which make them even better otherwise it might turn out a bit pricey . thoroughly enjoy our stay in hk

we spend three days at eaton , start on christmas day

i agree with most of the review and comment as they be most helpful

hong kong be not well know for its hotel so i guess i can say eaton be above my expectations . the hotel be locate in the middle of nathan road which make shopping a convenience . walk towards one direction bring you to tsim sha tsui whereas in the other direction you have mong kok . it have a good location and be about   minutes walk to jordan mtr . staff as agree by many others be friendly and speak good english . i book a twin bed room but request a single queen bed upon arrival and get it . throughout our stay , we be greet by almost every staff include the room maids . agree that room be small but which room in hong kong be n't ? , but it be clean and bathroom come with amenities . well , actually the rooms have relatively good view most rooms actually face the road , but do n't expect harbour view and things like that . some hotel in hong kong actually face windows of the building next door which be worse ! i would say it be an adequate hotel for its price and would definitely stay there again

we stay at the eaton hotel during a stopover at the beginning of our holiday to australia . upon arrive at the hotel we be impress with the hotel staff and the first impression of the hotel reception area be very good up to the point of opening our hotel room door . what a contrast , the room be in need of a major revamp not just a lick of paint . the room and bathroom be exceptionally small . we have to keep move our suitcase around the room to maximise the available space . at night the suitcase where place up against the door , not so we feel more secure but so we would not fall over them if we have to go the loo during the night . thank goodness it be only for three night and we spend the minimum time at the hotel . definitely not value for money

just come back from a   night stint in hk stay at the eaton hotel

my husband , mother and i stay at the eaton for   nights . we have a suite which have a separate bedroom . the live room have a sofa which pull out to a bed for my mother . when make , the bed take up the whole room of the live room . yes , even the suite be small but i expect this from pre trip research about hong kong hotel rooms . the bathroom be outside the bedroom which make it easy for all   of us . there be a welcome tray of fruit , candy , wine , and water upon arrival in our room . check in be very pleasant and the courteous . the location be convenient to the mtr and very close to the night market . we really like that the aroma cafe have free internet access . breakfast at aroma be very basic and if you have a choice of pay for it with the room or not , i recommend that you save your money and get it outside of the hotel . other encounter with hotel staff be pretty basic and just alright . the biggest negative be that we pay way too much for this hotel . we pay     for the   night use hotels . due to the late reservation , and convention in town nothing else be available . on a side note , we check out at   am . we decide to take a taxi to the airport since we have take one to the hotel for only hk   research say to expect no more than    expecting about the same cost , once at the airport he say it be hk   he do something to his counter which jack the price up . after some disagreement , he take   it be a disappointing end to our trip

this hotel be a a fine base for a week in hong kong . although the standard room be on the small size , it be clean , have everthing we need , and be service daily . this include a full set of clean towel and bottled water every day

on the first night when i check in they put me in a smoking room . i go down stair and request a change of my room it take them five hours to get it ready . to my surprise my non smoking room still smell of cigrette . i not complain because we be very tired . second day after a long day of site see i go back to the hotel to take a shower to my surprise there be no towel . i complain to the front desk and they send me some towels . the last day of my stay when i ask the man who be in charge baggage handler if my airport transfer arrive please notify me . we sit for a half an hour wait for the bus . while all the time bus be already here wait for us . we find this place service be horrible even for a   star . plus the room be in a horrible shape .

my wife and i stay there for three night , in a standard room , use expedia 's excellent rate of about     , and be not disappointed . we have spend the night previous at the booth lodge but be dissatisfied with the room and the smell , so we go to an internet cafe and book this room

i would never stay at this hotel again if i go to hong kong again . from the first day we be treat like one off the local and we be a tourist the room be the only way to put it be shocking no hot water at night warm water in the morning bed be make by staff if they feel like it front desk need to take a lesson on how to deal with there guest in a freindly manner never again, . i would stay in another hotel or sleep in the street before i stay at the eaton again

i basically agree with all of the positive comment make by previous reviewers . standard room be big enough for two , clean and well appoint , bar and restaurant be good , although we do have a couple of problem with our order i never complain too much as their english be far better than my chinese ! . staff very helpful and very friendly . the coffee shop in the basement aroma ? be excellent , and there be four free internet terminal you can use there

stay at eaton hotel from     september i read the review from a few site and arrive with little expectations . however , from my experience , eaton hotel be great , they be very helpful and friendly . also upon arrival you recieve a little discount book for their hotel . we also go to the gym and the pool , both be clean . the staff be very polite and helpful with alot of things . also , we have room service everyday , free newspaper daily , free use of phone to make local call also free use of internet down at the cafe . the location be very close to temple street market and cheap food and laundry service . so if you on a budget , you should consider this hotel also , we request for a non smoking room , although it be a non smoking floor we could smell smoke in our room , so we complain to fronkdesk and they immediately change us to level  

i have just spend   night here after try in vain to get into one of the hotel on hk island . book it straight off the internet without any fuss , and at a rock bottom rate , so my expectation be not run too high

i be in jam and need a place for   night in hong kong , i be already there and book via expedia from an internet cafe on hong kong island

stay there for week in august . after look at its location and reading some of the review i be uncertain that this be a good choice in accommodation . boy be i wrong

the staff be at least polite although i be not sure they actually understand english

small dingey rooms with black marks on the wall . small tv and a horrible view from the standard room small window . the bar area be nice though offering live music some night with a good atmosphere . the pool be great but even the view from there be spoil by small windows and the gym be tiny . better hotel around the tst area like the

the hotel be very modern and have good facility   gym etc . room size be smaller than european standard , but we understand this be typical in hk . very clean , friendly staff and free internet ! good   * hotel

we stay at the eaton hotel in june for   night

if you be look for a hotel that be central to everything then this be it . we stay here for   night in june and be very impress with all aspect of the hotel

stay at the eaton in may   in a standard room . rooms be smallish but still quite adequate with large bathroom and comfortable bedding . staff and service be exceptional . if you be go to hong kong to shop it be in ideal location next to the night market and halfway up nathan rd and   minutes walk to the mtr . and if you go to hong kong get an octopus card to travel with as they make get around hong kong a breeze

upon arrival the eaton hotel give the impression that your stay will be fabulous . helpful bellman , decent check in , nice lobby , good selection of restaurant and free manager cocktail happy hour from  

we stay two week and feel like home ! people be professional , curteous and very friendly . the rooms be great and have a wonderful view panoramic view . location be excellent as it 's right between two underground stations . the price be bargain down due to the duration to an excellent amount

the eaton be a fairly nice hotel . the staff be always eager to help . rooms be clean    a tad small as all standard asian hotel be , but the bathroom be larger than i expected . the aroma coffe shop have some good fruits muffins yogurts , plus   free internet computer expect to wait a few minutes for one of the computer to become available . the rooftop gym and pool be small , but nice . plus , there be rarely more than   or   people use any of the facility , so it serve as a nice tranquil getaway from the loudness and energy of hong kong . the bar be a pretty fun place , and the happy hour from           serve   drink as do most bars in hong kong . do n't try any of the other restaurant at the eaton

stay at the eaton march     ,   have be to japan and know that in densely populate asian city , hotel room size be small when compare to hotel in the us     no view unless advertised . i do not expect the eaton standard room to be different . i find the room adequate for   person and a very nice decent size bathroom     regular size bathtub . room     bathroom be very clean and well maintained . in room internet ethernet connection cost     hr and very slow when connect to us for email but very fast use yahoo hk and search page in hk . location and convenience add to the hotel 's advantage . coffee shop at ground floor of hotel , starbucks across the street on one side , mcdonald 's across the street on another side ,   visit often since there be no supermarket in hk like the us two block away , temple street night market much better than stanley market which take hours to get to   block away , mtr   min walk , star ferry   min walk , numerous restaurant , inexpensive to moderate all along nathan rd just outside hote . for tourist shopping just walk south on nathan rd , for where the local shop , just head north on nathan rd . fom the airport,taxi be   hkd to the hotel , so if there be   or   people it be cheaper than the express train . march be still kind of off season and hotel rates be around   us on the internet . snce it be not yahoo travel or expedia , i be relieved to find reservation be properly make at the hotel . check in take   min . almost everyone at the hotel speak english , some better than others and the better one i find at the front desk , concierge , and hotel operator . tv stations also gear for english speak tourist with several stations . the whole experience be better than i expect

i stay at eaton hotel in march   i book through a last minute internet website and it be the last few hotel available for reason that become obvious to me when i arrive at the hotel

