the location be breat , but the room be small . i not have a reservation , so im sure u can get a better deal online that i did . i pay about     for a single room

at the last minute , i book through the hong kong tourist agency and get a great rate for one night . the office at the star ferry terminal connect me use their phone   very helpful . when i go to see the hotel , immediately after i book at       be , they suggest i check in . since a room in my book class be n't ready , i be upgrade to a suite on the top floor . very roomy with amazing views . two flat screen , lovely bed , bathrobes , limited mini bar

i have be stay to this hotel   x . this august be my   and last stay at their hotel . my whole bag be stolen . imagine it be steal at their own restaurant . beware as this be the worst experience i have with them consider i be loyal to them every time i go there since december   their amenities be not the same the first till third time we be there

love this hotel , location be great . modern and chic . love every aspect of it , the design the sheet , everything

we stay in this hotel in   and have a good experience . as this time we be travel with an infant we think we would stay in a place we knew     boy be we wrong

the hotel be conveniently locate just off the main nathan road . good restaurant like fook lam moon and chuk yuen not to mention your very own ben and jerry 's ! be on the same street . tsim sha tsui station very accessible , and you can also take a walk to various attraction , from the avenue of the star and   heritage , or even the temple street night market in the other direction

staff be fall over each other at reception but no one can help you with any thing . this swarm of beautifully attire receptionist watch us struggle up the stairs with our luggage into the hotel foyer . their english be appalling . the pool indoor be at artic temperature . we be tell to go to the pool in our bathrobes however there be none in our room . when ask for one we be tell that not every room have them and we should go down the lift in our towels . the change room near the pool be closed . the room be tiny   smaller than the hotel we have just stay at in europe . the hallway have a musty smell even though the hotel be quite new . disappointing in every way

overall i like this hotel just a few minor things i do n't like . i like that the hotel be conveniently locate , not a far walk to the subway and good place to eat nearby . we get a room with a view of the harbour so we can watch part of the harbour light show at       pm . it 's a close walk from the hotel to the harbour near avenue of the stars . the cleaning lady be very nice . the room be quite small . i do n't like the shower because water would leak out of the door and you step into a puddle of water when you walk out of the shower . i have try to move the shower head to different angle and position and still get a puddle of water . the tv be mount on the wall so it 's uncomfortable to sit up to watch tv , you have to lie in bed . i suppose the wall mount be due to lack of space in the room . but this hotel come as part of a package deal that we get a really good deal on so i ca n't complain too much

enjoy the stay at empire hotel , kowloon and sighseeing in kowloon peninsula , hongkong island , lantau island

we be a family of mum dad and two boy age   and   and we just stay two night in the empire hotel kowloon . we the train from the airport hk     they have some family deal to the bus terminal and then a free bus take us to the hotel which be great a   bus . the train be efficient and quick and easy to understand . we have book the hotel through wotif and get a good deal with breaky include but we have to get two rooms and they be n't able to do them next to each other only on the same floor . i have request non smoking rooms and particuarly for my son who have allergy well i wish i have say it be all of us who have allergy as the room they give us with the bed for the kid smell awesome but our room smell like smoke get use to it after a little while but it hit you when you walk into the room . the breaky be nice and good choices . tea and coffee be never good in place like that just have to live with that . i would stay closer to mong kok next time as that be closer to the lady market and temple street as we do walk to both of those but it be a long walk in the heat with the kid

the empire be comfortable and inviting . we arrive on the friday of a long weekend and the hotel be very busy . we get a great deal on two consecutive night with a city view room . not much to see out the window as we be on the   floor but , you could barely see across the harbor to hong kong island , so that be nice

we be a young couple with a one year old child and we be travel with a party of   pax attend a wed in australia

we have just   night here,on a stopover from australia back to the uk and it really be n't long enough to appreciate not just hong kong but also this hotel . i have read some adverse comment on this site and be pleasantly surprise from the moment we arrive at the hotel at   p .m . we be welcome by the reception staff , our luggage be whisk away and we be usher to one of the   lift all of which work perfectly . the concierge and his team be all extremely polite and helpful as be the young lady who help us to choose appropriate tours . yes , the bedroom be quite small but well equipped and very clean . you have to remember that hk be n't a very big place so they have to cram a lot of building into a small area   the breakfast be very nice , a good selection buffet style and everywhere in the hotel be so clean . it 's about   minutes amble time to walk to nathan road where you can find the most amazing bargain and about another   minutes to make your way down to the waterfront depend on how many shop you look gawp at and how many indian gentleman accost you with promise of 'real ' gucci vuitton rolex etc . we find that to be the only downside to hk

my husband     i stay for   night at this location . the room be small but be keep clean . the room be locate on the   floor over look some of the old style high rise building not the best view in town but you could see the sky which be nice . we do not take up the breakfast deal which be extra . i do ask about an upgrade and we be quote hk     a night which be approx just under     australian dollar we decline due to the additional cost and as we mainly use the room to wash and sleep as we spend most of our time out and about while we be away take in the country and the sights etc on offer . we do not use the tour guide locate in the hotel . we do have a drink and use the internet in the main bar lounge area on a couple of occassions . this area be very very smoky as this section of the bar lounge area be not smoke free . all in all it be fine for the two of us . if you like to spend time in your room chill out i would suggest you go for a bigger room not sure how much bigger the upgrade room be as we do not inspect any other rooms or go for a different

we stay at the empire hotel at kowloon from mid december   to early january   the size of the room be ok for the four of us me , my wife and two small kid but we do have some problem with the toilet . the toilet have to be fix twice on our   days stay . in addition , there be several steps front the hotel and no ramp so that each time i have to enter the hotel with my family , i have to take my child out of the stroller or carry my child along with the stroller up the stairs . but have say this , the service of the hotel staff be excellent . when the front door bellman be not busy with other customer they would help us carry my baby stroller up and down the stairs . furthermore , they repair the toilet almost immediately after be report defective

my mom and i stay at the hotel for   night , and we be overwhelm by the service they provide for us . the location be absolutely perfect because it be close to many restaurant and cheap shop that line just along kimberly , carnarvon road . the hotel facility be good , and the staff be very much helpful with whatever it be that you need . i 'd definitely recommend it

i work for a travel agency     stay here as we contract this hotel

i stay at empire hotel kowloon for   night with my wife . the hotel be a bit out of the way , quite a long walk from the nearest mtr jordan . it be also tuck away from the main shopping area . but , it be quite easy to find food as there be many restaurant around the area

just return from   week in this

i come here with my family and we have actually book a standard room but when we arrive , we be give a nice surprise as we be upgrade to a deluxe room

we a couple both   have just spend   days at the empire and while it be true that the rooms be small by western expectation , we find we adjust very quickly and they be very serviceable . the area be a great place to base yourself for explore hong kong as it be close to the mtr , bus and shop etc

the location be a bit off the main road , but in an area that be not as commercial as in nathan road

this hotel have an excellent location   close to all activity in hong kong , restaraunts , shopping , and walk distance from the harbour

we stay   night in this hotel in hong kong . the location be excellent . walk distance to major tourist area and subway

stay here for   night in dec   and compare to my stay here several years back , the hotel continue to upgrade itself which mean it still look new and good

good new modern and clean hotel . rooms be a little small but have all the mod con and be comfortable . there be an ok view towards the city . location be n't the best as you have to walk a fair distance to get to the nearest subway stop . there be a good japanese restaurant below and one of the best peking duck restaurant     hong king    i have ever be to . it be just around the corner from the hotel . good service

we stay at the empire hotel in kowloon in august   on the first leg of a four city tour of china

the hotel in a good location for the mtr , ferry etc but our room be very small and the bathroom be even smaller . good shower and heatlamp though . broadband be not free

we stay for   last aug ,   we be a family of five adult and be give   rooms . we arrive around   at the hotel and as expect our rooms be not yet ready . its okay since we not have our lunch yet so we take the time to eat

our stay here be fine overall , it be over the chinese new year so lots of things be close and there not seem to be as many people as we have expected . the hotel be great for location,right near several mtr stations and the main road for shopping . the room be clean and very welcome , with a good size bathroom and shower . the bar in the lobby also have   laptop which you can surf the net on , they do ask that you buy a drink first though . our view from the

this be be to the destination for my honeymoon so naturally we want it to be good but unfortunately it could have be better . we get to the hotel after a   hour flight and a bit of detour when the taxi driver take us to the wrong hotel . the confusion over kimberly road mean he drop us at the kimberly hotel about a   yard away

this be a very modern   star hotel in tsim sha tsui . close to mtr subway and nathan road . lots of nice restaurant and trendy shop nearby , plus half block from knutsford terrace which have european restaurant and bars . hotel have small rooms , expect in hk , a japanase and chinese restaurant , plus bar . get a high room above   floor face harbor views . plenty of police everywhere in this area , so safety be not a problem . internet be     per hour or     a day . all rooms have high ceiling , minifridge , desk , tv , free slipper and bath rob , and shower . be sure to get money change to hk dollar as hotel do not offer exchange services . concierge be very helpful with local attraction and restaurant and hotel staff speak excellent english . they can hold your luggage if you have late departure time and late check out be   p .m . there be a sauna , gym , indoor pool on   floor . free shuttle bus to airport across the hotel . we stay during chinese new year at     per night . as of january   ,   , there be no smoking in all hk hotel and restaurant , but smoking be still very noticable outside and in crowd area on the street , as in most of china wherever you go . most people speak english very well in hk so feel free to ask for direction if you get lose

choose this hotel as i like what i see online from the website show pic of the rooms . i be n't disappointed . although it be a short walk from tsimshatsui mtr , it be stil close to nathan road . there be a free shuttle bus   to the hotel if i am not wrong and it be a   hotel . the room no doubt be small but it be very cosy and really nice and classy decor . the bad thing be that the tv be hang up and your neck could get a little uncomfortable while watch tv . the bathroom be nice . there be also a mini gym and an indoor pool which i do not have a chance to use . this be a good place to stay if you like stay in tst area

small rooms , nice lobby . rooms be modern but size                              this be unpredictable ! old tv set

i be stay in hk and china for a week of business trip , spend two days of weekend and one night before i leave hk

i be hesitant about book the empire kowloon after read some review but decide on this hotel anyways because of the great location . i be not dissappointed . while in hong kong  it seem that you be n't in your room much anyways because the hotel be surround with shop and great place to eat at any time of the day

i stay in the hotel for   night in mid may . i have rate above average as for the price i pay abt hkd     + per nite , the quality of the hotel room and services have exceed my expectation ! i agree with previous commenters that the room be a little small so if you be of bigger build , you might not enjoy as much

stay here nov of   after spending many hours look at hotel on the internet , a   night stopover head for oz be very acceptable here , although we not make much use of the hotel facility we do find the gym very basic . price be ok , staff friendly enough , tour guide v helpful and so be door staff . hotel be nicely situate for us and we be able to get around wherever we want , star ferry to hong kong island only about a   min walk and underground just few min away

i stay here on my way to nz as the bp international be full . i stay at bp on the way back

i presume i just get a terrible room in this hotel . it 's terribly small . it 's a deluxe twin room and it have only enough room for   person . not much view from the window as it 's very small . size of a cruise ship cabin window

we stay at the empire kowloon for three night in early may ,   previously we have stay at the kowloon hotel . the empire be not nearly as nice . while the design of the empire have its attraction lobby , bathroom overall we be disappointed . the room be small and dark . the bathroom , while beautifully design , show rust and fail caulking . the complicate wire failed . we come back to our room after a nice evening out to find that we have no light in our room . we have to prop the door open to let in light from the hall until someone arrive to fix the lights . cable tv selection be limited except overprice pay movies . there be no wireless internet and they charge for in room internet access . staff be quite helpful but not especially attentive . the buffet breakfast be pretty good but do n't consider it unless it 's include in with your room as it 's vastly overpriced . if you want basic acommodations and can get a room there at a reasonable price the empire be ok . otherwise you can do better

stay at the empire hotel kowloon for   days in march ,   never hear of this hotel before but the rates and facility attract my attention

this be one of the most popular hotel we , local hong kong bear u .s . immigrant , stay at . very modern japanese cyber feel very clean . for those of you who do not know how asian can live in very small place , check this out ! they have the cutest room and furniture designs . great architecture . i wish all the hotel be this good ! great japanese restaurant in hotel . however , it 's about a   walk to the closest subway station entrance

