summary   stay here during   week of december   this be my   stay in this hotel . first time be few years back and i am glad to see that they renovate the rooms

if you be look for cleanliness , efficent room service , a large well service room this be not the hotel for you , these services be very poor . the hotel resturant service be not much better

we stay here one night , because we could not extend our stay in previous hotel dorsett seaview . compare to that , room be big . breakfast be very good . bathroom have few flaw , toilet flush poorly , and shower hose be leaking . nearest mtr station be little too far away . there be better hotel for us , with less money

carpet in a bad state , curtain on windows filthy , bathroom tiny and old . internet fast

if you want to be in the bar district of wan chai admiralty , this be the hotel for you . the hotel be right next to admiralty station and right near the trolley bus

not the best , not the worst experience . stay for   week in august   on a     long stay package    with a rate of about   a night , include internet and daily newspaper you can find this package on the hotel website . the hotel be suffer from a bit of wear and tear   carpet be filthy and worn , wall be bang up , furniture be chip , that sort of thing . i would n't recommend this hotel for long term stay . i would only really recommend this hotel for traveler who need to be in the wanchai area . the neighborhood be a bit seedy with establishment cater to prostitute just around the corner , and the street surround the hotel be quite busy and hectic . often times i have to fight past large tour group from mainland china or korea to get to the elevator or out of the lobby . that say , the staff be very attentive and offer a level of service that seem to belie the physical quality of the hotel . there be a small fitness room and pool on the roof

stay at empire hotel in june . it be very centrally locate as be about   other hotel and hostel in hongkong ! , rooms be excellent , so be the restaurant unfortunately , the staff especially at the reception be pathetic

i join my husband on his business trip to hong kong , so the purpose of our week long visit be business for him but leisure for me

book at triple room for my partner and a female friend and be charge for a triple . when we arrive the reception offer to upgrade us for an extra     per night to a suite   we refuse and think that our room would be fine as we have pay for a triple . only to find out that the room be a double with     between the twin beds . the staff be intend to take the furniture out of the room and squeeze a third mattress in between the two exist bed to make one consecutive mattress with no gaps . the room as small as it be be not able to fit three people never mind three bed in it . the management and staff could not careless and it be only when we kick up a fuss that they eventually give us an upgrade for half price . in my opinion they sell us a product that they do not have and then try to take more money off us for the courtesy of stay there

the empire hotel be an ideal place to stay , good location,ideal for holiday or business,rooms be average sized,a brand new bed be be instal as we arrive and be very comfortable there be plenty of place to eat nearby,the white stag do cheap lunch and the boston restaurant do cheap breakfast and great sizzle steaks the hkcc be in walk distance on the cover walkway the staff be very courtious and helpfull there be some small fault as anywhere else after all you only sleep there as you should be out explore this wonderfull city

the room be decent size and look clean . however , the mattress feel well due its time and be a bit uncomfortable . there also seem to be a funny smell in the room . the bathtub feel a bit dirty as well . when we go for breakfast in the morning , we be only allow for   although we be travel with   plus a child . when leave the restaurant for less than   minutes and realize we forgot our pacifier , we go back . and they tell us no one see it . it definitely leave us a bad impression

the empire be a very good base for a week long stay in hong kong . it be close to the convention centre , many restaurant and bars , and the ferry cross to kowloon . the rooms be not as small as i have be lead to believe . the staff be unfailingly polite and pleasant

the location be quite good , to the nearest metro station it take a   min walk only . next to the hotel there be a lot of bars and restaurants . i dislike the smell when you enter the building and that the rooms be not very clean . there have a pool on the roof and a fitness center where you can relax after shopping or sightseeing . anyway in case there would be a     next time    i would try another hotel

the front desk staff be among the rudest people we have ever met . we know this be an inexpensive hotel , so the mold in the room do n't both us that much . nor do the mildew on the windows   nor the hard as a rock bed   nor the airconditioning that could n't be changed . but the obnoxious front desk be another story . avoid , avoid , avoid . there be many other hotel in hk that will give you better value for money

my wife and i stay here for a week in january . the room be small but clean . the bed be comfortable . it be in a great location and we find the staff to be helpful

warning i have book one night for hk     nett and be prepare for the tiny hk room   i be require to stay an extra night and i be lock out and tell the new rate for the extra night be     plus     approx =     plus     be an increase of     i stand my ground and after   minutes a special rate of     be supervisor authorise to be enter   worst hotel experience   i will be send a copy of this to the hong kong tourist

my wife and i stay in this hotel during the chinese new year . despite the mostly negative review on this site , we still opt to book at the empire

stay here over   times , for the location and use to have cheap rooms . rooms of course tiny , but the bathroom be a closet . have to go out to the main room to dry off after a shower . always a few bruise from bump into the bathroom walls . bed be terrible   sink straight to the bottom , like sleeping in a hammock . no heat , so don â € ™ t go in winter . you can ask for a portable heater , but they will hassle you about it

over rate at one star ! a must miss ! if you be in hong kong and this be the only hotel available , get a tent

great location on the edge of wanchai near pacific place in admiralty . it go downhill from there . on first impression the hotel floor and carpet be quite worn throughout the property . my toilet be never totally cleaned . the bath curtain be very moldy and there be lots of other mold around the bath . the only soap provide be in dispenser , no bars of soap . the bed be both hard   like most chinese bed   but also give in some places . the control box for ac and light be not work , tv option be very limited . cnn , bbc , discovery + chinese channels they take away the dirty towel but do not replace them on my last day so i have to call for replacements . internet hk       day . i would still consider a return give its favorable price location combination

visit china with a private guide , we be book into the empire . its location be fine , but the rooms be tiny and the bathroom minuscule . light in the rooms be terrible . clean , breakfast ok but nothing special

i arrive very early in the morning at the hotel , have travel overnight from sydney . in theory , i shouldnt have be allocate a room until later in the day , but i be in luck . no queue at reception either

the room be pretty spacious for hk friend live in hk where surprise about the size . bathroom size be ok . everything be very clean . the location be ok . i find central more fun , but everything be very near because of the cheap taxis

we stay in hong kong for   days   boy be that room teensie     all the review have warn us   but it be still a surprise . the bathroom be     ummm interesting   you could sit on the toilet   brush your tooth   and turn the shower on all from the one position ! !

i get my usa sim card steal

i go to hongkong to attend the toy fair exhibition,i stay in empire hotel room   from   to

i be in hong kong for a weekend getaway in june and stay for   night at the empire . the location be good   near to mtr and plenty of eatery nearby . there be a lcd tv and a mini fridge in the room , but the fridge be poorly maintain chunk of ice cover the base of the fridge

pro s

last january   i stay for   days just to take my nclex rn exam . the subway station at wanchai be just few block from there . it 's a an ok place to stay for such short visits . if you be out all day , and just need a place to sleep at night then this place be good enough to satisfy that need

arrive at the hotel late afternoon,the reception manager issue me with a room , i explain to the manager that the room provide be very small and unacceptable as i have book a delux room . i be inform that     as i have book via a web site the problem be with the agency not the hotel    . i requsted an upgrade for which i be willing to pay , again i be inform     contact your agency there can be no upgrade     although i speak to the hotel personally and email them before travel it count for nothing

i be quite skceptical of this hotel initially   run down super small size room with minimal facilities . but apparently not . no doubt the room be small , the size of the room be quite similar to that of the robertson hotel in singapore . i be not able to capture a full image of the whole room at any angle with my camera

this hotel have be in the middle of some kind of renovation when we stayed . the first room we be assign be very old , dirty and rundown . since the shower do not work right , we ask for a different room . the second room be very modern and clean   nothing fancy mind you , but about what i expect for the money . night and day difference between the two rooms . so if you stay , be sure to ask for one of these renovate rooms

the empire hotel be great . the location be convenient   close to pacific place and the convention centre   as i be here on business for the jewellry fair . my room be great   new renovation   clean simple modern look . comfortable   great value for money ! would recommend it to anyone

extremely tired and old premises . smoky rooms even on non smoking floor . bathroom damp and unsanitary . air con vent block by dust . aircon reek of stale cigarette smoke and faecal smell . dirty wall and bed . terrible terrible . it be a nightmare . wall too thin . loud mouth chinese mainlander guest ' conversation go on throught the night in their hotel rooms . could n't get sleep . wake up with painful chest , probably due to smoke particle in aircon . i be traumatised . difficult to have ashower in cramp bathroom . please avoid this place . i be not kid you . i be cringe even as i write this

we recently stay   night over new year . i be dissapointed with the hotel . despite book for non smoking rooms we be first give smoking one then after request to change even one of the non smoking rooms reek of stale smoke . we be upgrade to a     suite    which be a room with a sofa . the heat be break and a fan heater provide which itself break down

