no complaint at all for our   stay ! front desk , housekeep and dine room staff be all very friendly and very helpful and accomodating . rooms be a bit small but quiet , clean and neat ! everything we need be provide ! excellent location    close to everything ! ! ! ! free breakfast be simple but adequate   save us money and be satisfying . nice to have the free internet room and laundry facility . we enjoy the stay immensely and would definitely stay here again ! ! ! ! love the area ! ! ! ! great deal for the

great location . rooms small , but acceptable . free internet and get everything you need in the rooms include bath

if you want a no frill economical hotel this be the one for you . its not five star luxurious ,but you be out and about everyday you be only sleeping there anyway ! its a great location , just off nathan road and temple street and very near jordan mtr  its very easy to get just about anywhere its very clean , the staff be friendly and most speak english buffet breakfast be include , its quite basic and the same every day but adequate the place be surround by place to eat from upmarket restaurant in nathan road to the food hawker seafood place opposite look a bit rough , well very rough actually but the food be fantastic and cheap !  also the jordan curry house be very good   recommend the chille prawn

the location of evergreen be excellent . near the night market , subway and nathan road . take the   bus from the airport for hk     and you be   minutes from the bus stop to the hotel

travel to hk for a short business stay and on a budget , after have look thru the feedback , i think i will give this a go . well , not at all disappoint   the staff be good and polite   they know what they be doing . free internet access , room   clean , hot shower etc all top marks . breakfast   for sure need to improve on   toast wholemeal bread and boil egg and the coffee be what i stick to during my stay   which be fine by me

we pass beijing and go to hong kong , stay at the evergreen hotel in woo sung street . it be my first time to stay in the jordan area and to our surprise we enjoy it  

this hotel be price just above the guest house in the area and i think the extra money be well worth it . the staff be incredibly helpful anf friendly from the start and be more than willing to show me on the map where i be going . the room itself be quite small and basic but do have a light console next to the bed , a tv and a nice hot shower . it also have free broadband . tthere be a little noise from other rooms but nothing too serious

i just get back from our trip to hong kong and stay at the evergreen hotel in woosung street  it be my first time to stay in the jordan area and to my surprise i enjoy it    our hotel room be small but be very clean and comfortable  i just need a place to stay since i be out the whole day  the location be great just a   min walk fom the mtr  and a   minute walk to the night market in jordan  there be also lots of street food which i enjoy so much   the only thing i not like be their free buffet breakfast which be horrible and they never change the menu,same menu everyday   ill definitely book my next hongkong vacation at this hotel .

have stay at evergreen several times . it be not the ritz but it be not try to be . i ask to see the room as there be variability in size a bit . it be a great place to stay and close to everything . price be very fair and staff be helpful but not especially bi lingual . once when go out they chase after me and insist i take an umbrella . whatever , . but sure enough it rain and i be happy they think of me . i have stay there about   times . i really like the metropark wanchai but they have get way too pricey so i stay at the evergreen and sleep just as well

the hotel ‚ Ä ô s website direction from the airport be perfect ‚ Ä ì take the bus . the bus stop to return to the airport be two block from the hotel which be two block from nathan road   the metro be nearby as be the temple night market . the walk to the starr ferry terminal be about   minutes . while the location be a very busy one the hotel be quiet . the hotel be spartan in furnishings . the room be very small but as i be solo it be fine . the room be quiet , and clean as be the bathroom , the bed comfortable and the breakfast be substantial and provide a good base for the day . the staff be friendly and helpful

we arrive at the hotel and receive service promptly . also appreciate , on their website , it tell you be to go in the airport for a shuttle ride directly to hotel . our room be very small without windows and have a strong odor . when we ask to change rooms , they instantly help us even though our first room be in the     executive suite    . our second room be even smaller with a window , but no smell . we really enjoy the free internet access and the laundry room . the free contintental breakfast be not really worth it , but the convenience be excellent so you can walk outside and find lots of place to eat

be clean , cheap and in a good location . easy to get to , close to food , market and underground train

we book two rooms for our family of five , and i be very clear in the book how many of us there are . even though breakfast be include , they still charge me extra for my youngest daughter who eat a handful of cornflakes and drank a sip of milk . it be n't much extra , but it annoy me

we stay at the hotel for two nights . the staff be very helpfull . the hotel be old but nice and clean . it have a nice location , near the harbour and near the subway . the breakfast be not so good for the european taste , but it be okay . the hotel have free internet in a room with   computer

we 'd definitely stay in this hotel again . the location be just great  two block away from the jordan mtr   smack in the middle of good , cheap restaurant   temple market just on the next street   right next door to a good department store wing on   street well light and safe even late at night , and quiet enough at all times our room be on the first floor but no street noise come in

evergreen be one of the best hotel i have ever stay in . although it be a really small hotel , their service be excellent ! the receptionist be very friendly and accommodate

my husband and myself have stay at the evergreen hotel at least   times all together . we keep go back as the staff be friendly , location be great , rooms be small but clean and the temple street market be one street away . as soon as we walk in for breakfast which have a good selection of food the staff just welcome us with open arms . they always remember us . i be go back in september , along with my husband and sister . i highly recommend the evergreen

the evergreen hotel have everything you need in a big city hotel   great location , good service and decent rooms and be one of the cheaper hotel in hong kong . the staff be very helpfull and the place be worth

i decide early on i do n't want to stay at chungking mansion or similar and have a bit of trouble find something decent , but which do n't bust my budget

though the rooms be quite small in space and old , but they be clean , with great service from the reception to the housekeep staffs . the location be very good . food and shopping everywhere right in the middle of kowloon

the location be decent , although its not very close to the jordan mtr atleast a   min walk . they do not give direction properly to reach the hotel . give the impression that it be very close to jordan mtr , which it be not . certainly not walkable with heavy luggage , not know exactly where to go

the rooms in this hotel be tiny , there be hardly space to put your luggage . we pay extra for a room with a window but it be n't worth it and the slide shutter mean that you could only see out of half of it , it look onto the side of another tall building so we could n't see anything and it would n't open either

ok for two night , in the real part of hongkong we be the only

+ fantastic location .   to kowloon mrt , hang hom mrt and in the middle of happen temple

the evergreen be the perfect location if you be stay in kowloon .   min taxi from kowloon ferry pier ,   min to temple st market ,   min from jordan subway ,   min to airport   min from kowloon park . the hotel be clean and very good value for money . the staff be very freindly and helpful it have good internet access which be free . the breakfast be simple i have cereal , toast,and coffee each morning which be fine there be also lots of resturants to eat at near the hotel

we be a group of   ,   family travel together

we stay in this hotel for   night april   with my wife and   kids . we have   rooms which be very clean . a free breakfast every morning but serve exactly the same food . no problem . and the best part of all be the location . it be very accesssible to mtr and public buses . i give this hotel a perfect   ! keep up the good work

we stay here for   night in march for a girlie city break . it take a while for us to book a hotel for our stay in hong kong as we have a tight budget . it be a small neat     clean hotel with all the basics if you just want somewhere to stay the night whilst out during the day for a reasonable budget . we have a triple room     there be enough room for all the suitcase , bathroom be clean but just abit small . it include breakfast   not the best , it be basic but enough to keep you going . there a   right next door which be very useful . the best thing about this hotel be the location . it be about   min from jordan mtr     nathan road where you can get bus . if you like walk then lots of place can quite easily be walk to which be what we do most of the time . there be also free internet access which be very handy aswell . all in all , this hotel be fine if you just need somewhere to stay the night , it be clean     staff be quite friendly     helpful . we do n't have any problem whilst stay at the hotel

it be a great place to stay mainly because of the location . few minutes away from jordan station . the rooms be small but adequate . the biggest problem be that there be no toilet paper . we ask them for one and we be immediately give one . the carpet be a bit stinky but again when you be in a city like hong kong why stay indoor ? the food be bad ! although you do get cereal but the ornage juice be erruugghhh . oh yeh when you get outside of the hotel be aware it smell of dirty water and dry fish . the staff be amazing . i wouldn ‚ Ä ô t stay again but for a first time traveller and on a budget i would definitely recommend it

good service from the staff , good location , clean rooms . you 'll get more than your money 's worth

i would like to start by say that i select this hotel because of its location and price . i have set my expectation really low , because , as most people say , you get what you pay for    which be totally not the case here

just come back from a very lovely holidays . this hotel be very good in terms of location , cleanliness , friendly staff     tour services . yes , the breakfast be basic     they serve the same breakfast everyday but it 's fine for all of us . the graet things be the location which be just few steps from the hotel , you can enjoy your last minutes shopping at the nearest night market to buy some souvenir for your love one . definitely will recommend this hotel to my friend

i have just come back from hong kong   days ago and i ca n't wait to write a review on the hotel that my friend and i have stay in during our   days   night trip to hong kong

the room be small but what do you expect in hong kong ? the toilet roll be the worst i have ever have ! but this be a good hotel at a great price , right in the centre of all the action , what 's more the airport bus stop on the corner

my three friend and i stay at this property the weekend after chinese new year . i be hope for the best but expect the worst after reading some review and i be pleasantly surprise from the moment i enter the lobby . the entire hotel , include our room and bathroom be clean , well lit and be definitely better than most value hotel i have see in the us . the room , though quite small , have sufficient space for all four of us , our luggage and everything we shop for while in town . our room be a corner unit so it be very quiet , which help a lot since the wall be paper thin   you can hear people talk when you be walk outside their room . the room be on the   floor so we do n't have to lug our belongings up a flight of stairs as i be expect to do since we have one of the quad rooms   seem like that be the main complaint of all the review i read regard the quad rooms from this hotel . i 'll admit , the breakfast could be better , but it could definitely be worse so i have no complaint   it be free and there be quite a few things to choose from . the best thing about the hotel , in my opinion , be its location   its proximity to the jordan mtr station , various bus stop make it very accessible . you can also walk from the hotel to the harbor , if you really want to . and the hotel be only a block away from the temple night street market and various hawker restaurant so the street at night be very well lit and crowd   i feel very safe walk around . for the price we pay for the quad room , especially during this major chinese holiday , it be well worth it and i would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again

very good locate , just a few steps away from mrt station

well i be stay at another hotel prudential closeby and think not so wisely we could save some     by check out other hotel in that area . i ask the lobby to allow us to see the room before i be go to stay in a week or so earlier from my china trip and they say they have no rooms available so i could not see anything . price quote be     hk all inclusive

i would totally recommend this hotel to budget traveller who would still like to enjoy hotel amenities like bathroom towel and a relatively soft bed . we get it for hk     , around the cost of the chungking hostel in hk we go there during the new year season , so it be super peak , and be happy that it come with breakfast that , although very basic , be quite adequate the bathroom be very very clean , like everything else in the room , and it even come with a small tub . the bedding be spotless

if you be look the best no thrill hotel deal in hong kong without pay for unwanted pricy feel good feature , evergreen hotel be it . while not a   or   star hotel , evergreen have all the basics a traveler need   clean room , hot shower , very helpful     friendly staff , superb location in the middle of kowloon , safe walk distance to mrt station and bus stops . i stay at the hotel for   night and have a great time with extra cash to spare for shopping

the location of the evergreen hotel be perfect . the staff be very friendly and helpful although they do n't speak fluent english



we be a group of   get two rooms through agoda , a triple sharing and a twin . we all have separate bunks . one room have no window and we be all really cramped . the restroom be decent and clean , complete with the basic toiletry

since i be a child i have want to visit hk and when a birthday with a         come around i decide it be time to do so , on my own . the evergreen be excellent value , in an excellent location for shopping , mtr etc , temple street night market   minute walk away . the free internet access and free laundry be godsend , as be the   right next door , and the delicious cafe on the other side of the hotel . the staff there be very friendly , helpful and i honestly do n't have a bad word to say about the place ! the breakfast be monotonous , yes , but really not bad . special mention to jackie the bellboy ! the lift only go up to the third floor but its really not too much of a problem , that be the single downside of the place . i ca n't wait to go back

stay for a night . our room be in the   elevator be only up to   , so we walk from   so if you have lots of luggage , ask for a lower rooms . hotel be okay , nice staff , clean room , clean linen . there 's complimentary buffet breakfast , but not good though ! restos be all around , its not a problem . this be not a   star , so not expect too much . what 's good also in this hotel be quiet . you can have a good sleep after a heavy shopping well , room price be cheap but location be great . a minute walk to temple street night market , and near to mtr . if you 're into walk , lots of shop and shop and shops    tire though  diverse shopppers be bumper to bumper ! buy my lovely winter coat for half the price back home  

i have never be to hong kong before and be a little anxious to be landing in a large unfamiliar city alone . i want to stay somewhere that be central and safe . i definitely make the right choice with the evergreen

we chance upon this hotel when we be browse through the net for a good value hotel since we be go to stay for six night in hong kong . and what more   of all the hotel we browse through , this be the only one which offer a quad room that sleep comfortably for   adult and we be pay only about   nett inclusive of breakfast per night what a value consider the price of hotel in hk . the location be fantastic   smack right in the shopping area of kowloon temple street , jade street , nathan road , etc and if you take a half hour stroll , you can reach tsim sha tsui area where the waterfront be and also the arena of stars . food be abundant and affordable almost round the clock around the hotel and a   be just besides it . and two fantastic value services which one could not find in almost all hotel be   unlimited free internet usage   come even with a printer   free laundry which be very useful when one be stay on for a longer period

as we know that we will be spending little time in the hotel , we want to go for hotel that be locate near mtr but cheap . we choose this hotel after read good comment on tripadvisor . my girl friend and i stay there for   nights . there be many eatery surround the hotel . there 's   and a   eatery call Á ø † Â ç é . it be a   minute walk to mtr . sasa , guardian , watson can be find in the area .   wll bring you there from hk airport . the internet access be better than we thought . the lift be only up to   floor , so it be a challenge for us to bring down the luggage from the   floor when we be leaving . breakfast be provide but repeat everyday , so i suggest eat the delicious french toast at the eatery beside the hotel . service be excellent and staff be friendly . if you be not too fussy , this hotel may be a good choice

i book a single ensuite room at this hotel for   nights . i get a double room which be cozy and outdated in terms of decor , but clean and functional . there be a full bath , kettle , a c , cable tv , closet . most of the people on my floor appear to be businessmen    this seem like an ideal hotel for people who do n't plan to spend much time hang around the hotel , who just want a clean place to sleep and a good base for tour around hk . it 's definitely not a high luxury place but it do n't pretend to be  and for the price , i find it to be extremely good value and unlike other place i have stay in hk , i have no problem

book the hotel via a local travel agent . we get better rate than book directly with the hotel . note that the room rate usually increase on friday and saturday

i have do a lot of research and read review about this hotel then decide to give it a go since quite a lot be please in their stay here true enough,it 's far from posh and you would n't recognize that this be a hotel but it be worth your every penny or shall i say it go beyond my expectation compare it from the not so high amount i pay per night the motel in manila be better than this but they serve free breakfast buffet everyday , though it 's same course for the   we spend but hey it 's free and quite edible for asian i supposed . the usual , there be toast,chicken franks,ham,hardboiled egg,pasta,rice,oatmeal,cornflakes,chorizo,coffee,milo , and some veggies . free internet in the room all u need to do if wifi do n't work be to plug the cable find in the drawer . room be small , i wonder how caucasian can fit coz i see a lot of them book in the hotel . bathroom amenities be change and housekeep be do everyday  i suggest u bring ur own toothpaste though . there be a small old tv with starmovie channel . the staff be really accommodate i must say , the guy receptionist even walk us to the   bus station which be ultra near . so please do n't take a cab from the airport coz it 's a rip off . the airport fee something be like double the amount of ur actual bill . the mtr station be just a   walk and the night market and   be just right at the doorsteps . i ask mah husband if he be disappoint with the place i book and he say not at all and would love to return should we visit hk again . at any rate , you be always out most of the day

what can i say , you would not get a better hotel at this price . ok , it may look a little tacky , the rooms be quite small , it can be quite noisy . but who care ! you be in hk , the hotel be locate in a great location , it 's safe , the hotel staff be excellent , and it 's cheap . do n't come here if you be expect the ritz , you can go there and spend   the price . the evergreen be perfect for the   of us , spread over   rooms and   floors . we love it , we have a blast and we will come back . oh , do i mention the free internet ? thanks evergreen hotel

as usual , everytime i am in hongkong , evergreen be still it . not fabulous , tiny , yes , but very satisfactory . since you be out shopping and sightsee the whole day , why the need for a   star hotel ? a boutique hotel like evergreen will do . the staff be always smile , friendly and helpful . breakfast be simple , fill and healthy . the location be so strategic . one block from the famous temple st . night market and nathan road , two mtr stations away from another shopping great , mongkok . five minutes away from the jordan mtr station . one minute away from a small wet market for fresh vegetable and fruits . one block away from wing on department store .   minutes bus ride to star ferry . give all these information , i do n't see any reason why one will not opt to stay at evergreen . so simple . reasonable and ever reliable evergreen

i request a hotel in kowloon less than     , near nathan road . evergreen fit the bill . when the taxi drop us off , i could not believe this be the hotel . it look awful . but we be only sleeping there , right

stay for   nights . room clean and spacious yes ! i would say that the room   be great

i be in hong kong for a gift fair so all accommodation at this time be quite expensive . i choose this hotel because i be faliliar with the location and it have quite good review and the price be fantastic . i be not disappointed . the location be great , close to mtr , night market and nathan rd . the room whilst small be clean and hotel offer free laudry use , internet and breakfast . pretty hard to complain unless you want all the bell     whistle ! ! would definately stay there again

this be one of the least expensive hong kong hotel list on asiarooms ' webpage , and i be pleasantly surprise by its value for money . frankly , i have expect worse

my stay with my sister at evergreen be really pleasant , with helpful and polite staff . the hotel , although small be clean and in a superb location , a short walk from mong kok , close to department store and near the mtr . a   be next door so that be convenient

we be at the evergreen for the three night we be in hong kong . the evergreen be a great little hotel the staff do all in their power to make your stay a good one . the rooms be clean and the towel change daily . i be surprise when i be tell my card would be charge at the end of our stay in case we change our mind about stay there during the three days . there be complimentary toothbrushes,toothpaste , shower caps,comb and disposable razor in the bathroom and the shower be nice and powerful . with location like this , free internet access , budget price and great helpful staff the evergreen be well worth a stay , i would go back any time

me and my friend stay there for   night n we luved the location n cleanliness of the hotel . its just   min walk to the mtr but u have to walk thru street that look like some back alleys . the mattress be very hard n air con cold

the location for us be great , right near the temple st night market and near nathan rd in the heart of kowloon which we loved . we go on holiday to see other culture and local people not hang in hotel with other tourist

free breakfast buffet,free internet use,friendly staff,clean rooms and enough space to relax and have a good night sleep ! though the matress be a bit hard . a budget wise hotel in the middle of everything in kowloon . a very nice location for first timer

let me get some of the minor gripes first before point out the merit of this small budget hotel in the heart of kowloon

very nice budget

book after reading all the review on tripadvisor , we be allocate the   bed family room on the   floor . lift only go to the   floor , so along with the porter we carry our luggage up the   floor . the room be small but adequate however no windows at all . location be great right around the corner from the night market and loads of restaurant option , walk distance to everything include star ferry if you be willing to walk   to   minutes . breakfast be adequate although cater more to the asian tourist market . bed be extremely hard and short however the rooms be very clean . staff very helpful . a vist to shenzhen , china be a definite must for all shopper and very easy to get to with a metro station around the corner and very helpful customer service staff at all train stations in hong kong   however make sure you change your money in hong kong and not at the train station at shenzhen . would stay here again

when i first see our 'superior ' room i be a little surprised   it really be tiny ! . but , when you look at the price and location , who care ! !

compare to other hk hotel this be a bargain ! it be clean , comfortable and at a very convenient location

i stay with my wife at evergreen hotel hk from   to   april   and from   april to may       night out in shenzhen , china    i reserve via hotelclub net and pay   ‚ Ç ¨  night , with no breakfast on my book conditions , however when checked in , we be breakfast free after all   hotel be locate in a rather tipical hk street , with   right next door and lots of restaurant available , and besides right next to temple market st    and near cross between nathan road and jordan road , so lots of bus and mtr right a small walk away  very cool ! the hotel itself have fair conditions for the price , breakfast be everyday the same but not just oriental , also european , have free internet in   floor   computer ! , have free laundry ! rooms be small but with all conditions , include tv with   channels , mini bar , coffee    tea facility , complete wc with hair dryer and all ! staff be excelent , always at your disposal . . .mr . simon lam be the best , maybe because of him i get so nice rooms at hotelclub you can only get at evergreen twin bed , but he manage to give me double for both stay    is a great man !

if your prime holiday consideration be     the hotel      if you want to be pamper , spoil and patronise   if splendour and opulence be paramount , do n't stay at the evergreen

stay here for   night and be not overly impressed . location be brilliant and the rooms be very clean , with friendly staff . however , the bed be ridiculously hard   no give in the mattress at all . aircon be also very very loud . we turn ours off at night , but should have just leave it on , as could hear next door 's blocks aircon . if you be stay here , bring earplug , you will need them

not as well locate as it seem   it lie midway between tsim tsa tsui and mong kok , where not much go on . you will need to walk to the nearest mtr station jordan , and catch a train every time you want to go any where unfortunately , unless you want to check out temple street market

a cute hotel in the heart of kowloon . one block of temple market and jade street market . the rooms be clean , the staff be helpful and polite . the lady that put on a great buffet breakfast to kick off the day be the best . starbuckets be right on nathen street . this be a hotel to stay to experience what hong kong be all about . you in the heart of kowloon busy street for great food , shopping and night life . walk be safe and the mtr be close to explore all of hong kong

  day stay on a trip around the world and totally enjoy the stay,free laundry,access to great markets,ok brekky include and great staff include office too book tours rooms a bit small but good night sleep and close to all attractions hong kong disney an absolute dream place especially compare to la disney good rate book direct,excellent airport shuttle

the world 's smallest hotel room , with the world 's loudest airco and the world 's hardest beds . we bail out after one night . breakfast be terrible . spend an extra   and get yourself a   star hotel

my wife and i stay at the evergreen in may for   days . we enjoy the food and the staff be very friendly and helpful . i understand hard bed be the norm in hong kong and also in main land china , it be not difficault for us to adjust . the only thing we do not like be the dirty carpet in the room . the location of the evergreen be perfect . we would stay there again

i stay here for a span of about   days in sept   , and my travel partner and i basically use it as a place to sleep . it 's in a great location and very conveniently locate near   's there be   of them within a few block ! . give the price , location , free internet , laundry although we do n't really use it much , nice staff , basic necessity , i think it be very good . if you 're not into frill , and look for a good , low budget place , i would recommend this location

i stay with this hotel for   nights . we visit hong kong purely for vacation . we be not expect much on this hotel consider the price range it belongs . one of my disappointment be their tv which only have   channels with only   english channels . their elevator be only up to the   floor and you have to take the stairs to the next floor . their room be very small and their bed be also hard . their upside be their breakfast buffet with lots of chinese food in display . their free internet be also very helpful especially when checking the weather and the location and information for the place you wish to visit . the staff be also very friendly and even though handicap with the english language , they will try to communicate with their clients . this hotel be recommend for budget conscious and would only use the hotel just a place to sleep

room be very small and dark and could n't open any windows as they be all nail shut ! in ok neighbourhood and handy for the metro and night market . if you be really on a bucget come here otherwsie try the bp international or better still the salisbury

this be not a fanciful hotel but cool enough ! evergreen be one of the very few that give reasonable internet rate     they even provide daily breakfast . nothing wow , just simple fare , but good enough

travel to hong kong feb   for the first time with my wife and   child   and   . book the evergeen hotel base on the the review we read on trip advisor in reality be disapointed with the hotel this be the only hotel we find that would accomodate all   of us in one room . other hotel require us to book two rooms . find this to be the general case in the far east

we be a bit worry after reading review but find this to be a well position compfortable hotel,rooms be small but clean,well appointed,good staff,beakfast be limited but fine,easy to ac all that hong kong have to offer,great value for

the room be small , dirty , bed be hard and poor ventiliation

i just stay there . it be definitely not a fancy hotel , it 's a budget hotel . but it be great value for the money . clean , adequate rooms , free internet , free laundry . i do have a problem with the laundry though . after wash my clothes , i put them in the dryer for many hours before i realize that it be completely broken . my clothes still soak wet . both dryer be totally break , i mean not work at all , and there be no sign . so i have to lug my wet clothes down the street and pay someone to dry them     us . i am sure they will fix this i would hope . the other downside be the awful breakfast , but there be plenty of nearby place to eat . the location be good , but not great . about a   minute walk to the mtr . the best thing about it for me be the price and the free internet

i have just come back from a stay at the evergreen hotel in hong kong and i have a fantastic stay . i have stay in another kowloon mid range hotel before the dorsett garden around the start of   but this be way more superior . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the rooms be great   clean , spacious for hong kong and comfortable . we get a good deal on their internet site with breakfast include which be interesting to say the least !

