my family and i visit the excelsior hotel in october this year . my mum be on a business trip and so we be allocate rooms on the executive floors . the rooms be spacey with a range of drawers and space to put clothes . the rooms and bathroom be clean , and the maid tidy them very well every day . we be give free internet connection due to the purpose of our stay , but it be easily accessible and the price be reasonable

great location for a hotel . it be very accessible to public transportation and even shopping . take the   bus from the airport and drop off point be just   block off the hotel . the front desk be always busy as there be lots of people stay here for the good location . hotel be clean and have be renovated . there be lots of restaurant outside the hotel

the best part of the hotel be its   floor restaurant and bar . tot 's bar be excellent . you can enjoy the victoria harbour . the ''symphony of light' ' show on the harbour could be best enjoy sit at the tot 's bar . the collection of menu be simply superb . i would recommend ''lobster burger'' . it be excellent . rooms be average . but consider the location , its worth

the hotel have be at excellent facility near victoria harbour and victoria park . secondly , the hotel provide free fruit evey day and wine or chaimpaine bottle on check in . the hotel be good with comparable   star facilities . the hotel be much cheaper compare to other five star facility hotes in vincity e .g . the hotel charge hkd   per day as compare to hotel park lane which be charge hkd   per day

in november i spend   night and hotel be on great , i can say perfect location for everything , food , shop , caffe , bars    many good local small chinese restorants whith domestic food and restorans of all others asia nations . and all other things be near   exibition center , strong center , street for night life   all be   minutes whith taxi from hotel . hotel have very good restoran on   florr whith perfect view of hong kong and open teraca for drink . be spetial in the evening , but little bit to expensive for this level . services in hotel be great , on every place you have good explanation and help , spetial on reception . try espresso caffe and fresh watermalone or grape juice near lift in small natural bar ! ! bad point be room   deluxe room be enough big for one and be clean , but all furniture be too old and too much spend . you have inside lcd big tv , i box for iphone or ipod nano and perfect view on bay specially in the night and you have old furniture   strange . but for shure o choice this hotel and next time when i visti hong kong . p .s . if you like massage and spa , try let'spa in hong kong

the room be quite small and a bit tired , but clean . the staff be very friendly

good service , several restaurant , quiet , good

this be our second stay here , this time on the club floor . first thing we notice be the room be slightly bigger especially the bathroom . not flashy but still a good   star hotel . furniture and fitting start to look tired

highly recommend this one especially if you can get a bay side view which we had . the buffet breakfast be well worth the value and set you up for the day    honestly

this hotel have all that one need , the room service be really great and fast

just spend my   visit to this hotel     it be the usual 'safe pair of hands ' in this fantastic city . other reviewer have get it right   especially ''flighattendant 's' ' frst class review   the hotel be maybe a little tired compare to some of the newer arrival crowne plaza , grand harbour etc . but it have occupy ''plot number   , h .k . island ' for many years and be unequalled in location   both from be right on the very edge of the spectacular harbour especially the night time view     in terms of the abundance of shop , restaurant , public transport and other attraction literally right outside your doorstep . causeway bay itself be a better bet than a kowloon side hotel in the writer 's opinion and the whole ambience be fast , busy , exciting and above all safe . the hotel 's restaurant be all first class and not over the top expensive   dinner buffet on 'cafe on the first ' be a real treat and extremely good value with an amazing array of vary     delicious choice , likewise the 'yee tung heen ' cantonese and 'cammino ' italian restaurants . the basement 'dickens ' bar ' have a good atmosphere by night and do a geat lunch time curry buffet for a tenner with a free drink ! staff be cheery     courteous and give the impression thathey be there for your benefit not vice versa . in summary a great place to be and one i hope to return to another   times

we stay over for   night at the excelsior . generally the hotel be in a good location , within   from causeway mtr . tram be also conveniently locate along the main road and they be definitely a cheap way of get to central

we have a room on the   floor as ask for a deluxe habour view room which be well worth the upgrade when we booked . excellent view over the habour and the whole of hong kong . rooms be very clean and plenty of space especially with   suitcase with us

i stay here   times a year and never disappointed great location and service food be buffet style in main restaurant with harbour view of very high standard bar     talk of the town    have fantastic view and have relax cocktail bar dickens bar in the basement in the style of     brit pub     some guest rooms be a bit tired now ! location excellant for royal hong kong yacht club

stay here for   night on our honeymoon . at check in we be offer to upgrade to club floor for an extra Â £   oer night . this then give us breakfast and access to executive level where there be free drink and snack all day and the best view over the harbour . breakfast be excellent and the service from the staff be exceptional . location of hotel be perfect   good access to transport links   star ferry tram and underground . recommend the peak by day and at night . avoid the aberdeen fish market if in an organise tour as not much to see

stay   night in excelsior hotel in late august in a premium room face the bay . room be spacious , with excellent bed and linen . furniture a bit tired , as well as bathroom marble . bathroom 's shower curtain be stain and smell of humidity   a replacement be clearly needed . check in and check out be quick and efficient , a reflection of the hotel 's excellent staff . high quality , vary breakfast buffet

we decide to spend our honeymoon in honk kong and bali and it be the travel agent who pick this hotel to be fair . however , we have a ball . hotel be very centrally locate as we use the mtr system to get around . the hotel its self be right in the shopping district and our first night from leave the hotel we be amaze at the amount of people and light that be behind our hotel and so late     shop close at   for those of you who havnt

i have stay here at least   times and just realize i have never review so here goes . if you love to shop this be the place to stay . you 're only a few minutes walk from huge mainstream shopping , big department store , and very close to jardin 's walk and the lady market . if you want to try local chinese cuisine there be scores of little place hide all over the causeway bay area

stay here for   days , speedy checkin . on arrival at our room , a member of staff bring up a complimentary bottle of chardonnay on ice ! room be great , my son be please with the complimentary tin of sweet ! we have dress gown and slipper provide , and toiletry which include bath gel , shampoo , conditioner , toothbrush , toothpaste , comb , moisturiser and vanity kit   all replace every day ! the breakfast be amazing , lots of choice , waitress staff be lovely especially tabie and scarlet , who give my son a box of chocolate on the last day . the hotel connects with the world trade centre which have lots of shop and eat place such as starbucks . the hotel be in an excellent location , everyhing be on your doorstep , i would choose causeway bay over kowloon . i would highly recommend the excelsior and would return there tomorrow if i have the chance ! if you go with child they be allow in the dickens bar , just not allow to drink alcohol not as if they would . a must be to have the curry buffet in dickens bar , Â £   for   people and   drink include , it be the best curry i have ever have ! !

we stay at the excelsior for three nights . the lobby be very impressive , gloriously air conditioned and the staff be always courteous and attentive

spend one night here for a business meeting . rooms large by hong kong standard . bed very comfortable and shower great . nice little touch such as chocolate and biscuit in a tin shape like the hotel on arrival . the view be beautiful ! eat in the first floor restaurant for breakfast and lunch . the buffet be amazing ! ! such a variety of food and excellent quality . highly recommend this hotel

i have to say , clich Ã © though it be , come back to the excelsior always feel like come home . i am fortunate enough to be a fairly ! regular visitor to this property , and have never have cause to complain or quibble anything about the whole experience

we stay at the excelsior for   night during a far east tour . we arrive at       and have no problem checking in and get our allocate rooms . great location and staff very helpful . view from hotel room over the harbour be superb and the room size for hong kong be above expectations . room staff even put book mark in my book which i have leave open on the side one morning . lady   make sure you have a manicure and pedicure at the hotel     the best ever look fab for over   week ! ! ! ! ! ! ! quite a busy hotel as seem to be use by a lot of business people but not a problem . bar at the top great but a little expensive   good entertainment   live band singers

i stay at two mandarin oriental hotel on my trip and will try to use them as much as possible in future . their service be outstanding . nothing be too much trouble . the excelsior be no exception the greet from the reception staff be amazing . they be already aware that our bagge have be lose and arrange emergency pack of necessity to tide us over until it arrived . the room be spacious and comfortable . everyone be friendly and helpful . the speed of room service or anyone come to the room be unbelievably fast . the position of the hotel be perfect for get around although the hotel arranges pick ups from the door for anything their guest want to do . highly recommend

this hotel be good value for money and the location be not bad if one want to be near causeway bay . definitely not as luxurious as the four season or the hotel locate at pacific place but not as expensive either

my visit to this hotel really be quite faultless . the hotel organise a car to pick me up form the airport and the driver telephone ahead when we be nearly there so that a manager could assist me with check in at a separate desk to save me queue up with the other arrivals . this be appreciate after a   hour flight from the

we spend   night at the excelsior on our way to australia as part of our honeymoon at the start of june

i think the room size be fine for a luxury hotel in hong kong . when i go to hk i spend very little time in the room since there be so much to do and see and eat . i do n't really understand the complaint unless you try to get the cheapest room available or arrive during hk sevens when the hotel be pack

stay here in november   the lobby be nice , but do not let that fool you . the rooms be outdated and need remodeling . i have stay at   star resort in beijing , shanghai , and bangkok , but excelsior look like motel   next to those resort

we be in hong kong for   night and decide to stay at the excelsior hotel . this prove to be a fantastic choice

stay only one night as a stop over on the way home from sydney . transfer from airport take well over an hour due to the traffic so we arrive late in the evening and feel very tired . staff very welcome and attentive . room small but clean and bed lovely and comfortable . if you be only stay as a stopover and have a day to spend before travel on i would thoroughly recommend the half day tour with tour east tour company following a delicious buffet breakfast we have a wonderful four hour tour take in aberdeen harbour   with a trip on a sampan arrange as an extra if want i would recommend this , repulse bay , the market and finally a trip up to the peak with a trip down in the tram included . as we have never visit before and have such a short time this be ideal to get an overview of the area . the trip be make all the more enjoyable due to the friendliness and efficiency of the guides . we still have the rest of the afternoon to enjoy the shop before get our transfer to the airport

need a last minute hotel and have stay in the grand hyatt harbour front a month back on a previous stay i decide i want to be in near the wanchai area of hk island as its very central to most things include work and not want to pay the high price of the

we stay here for   night with our toddler . we have an upgrade room which be a very good size , with sofa , desk and chair and a large bathroom with bath . the best thing about this hotel be its fantastic location in causeway bay hong kong island , near the metro , shop , restaurant etc . we ca n't comment on the food as we be on a room only basis and do not eat in the restaurant   but it do have a great menu and lovely nighttime view of the harbour . the staff be always friendly and courteous and the door staff always helpful too

it be my second time in hong kong and we decide to change our hotel not because of some bad exp but because the tv in the other hotel room do not have a single english language channel . so we book out trip with our   year old at that time at excelsior hotel . excelsior just finish renovate a new wing during that time and we be hope to get that room . sadly our package do not include be assign to the new room . we arrive a bit tired and we wait   hour to check in because the line at the check in counter be toooooo long ! when we finally get to our room we be surprise to get a teeeny tiniest room ever . its like a step and you be at the bathroom door , another step the bed and two more steps and you get the window . we couldnt even put out luggage down on the floor because we wouldnt be able to walk around . besides that though , the hotel be in the heart of hong kong , easy access to transportation as soon as you step out o the hotel . if you can take the closet of a room it be give that it be a bit pricey for the space , then the hotel be for you

transfer take from airport be about   minutes . we stay five night

the hotel be well locate for both business and tourism . friendly and helpful staff and the room be a good size if just a tiny bit on the tired side

an excellent hotel . great location ! literally a hop , skip and a jump to causeway mtr and right in the heart of the buzz of causeway bay . the staff be friendly and efficient . we be upgrade to a superior side harbour view , a slightly larger room than the run of the house but the view or rather harbour glimpse , through a very small window be disappointing . however , the complimentary champagne and fruit make up for it

this be an amazing experience . great hotel with helpful staff . great bar dickens with plenty of action and an brilliant lunch at a cheap price . i would recommend a harbour visit room because the view be out of this world . do try cocktail on the   floor for more splendid view of the city . all in all a ten out of ten experience

the location of the excelsior in causeway bay be its main attraction for me . it be close to the mtr , plenty of bus to stanley etc . , the tram , plenty of shop and the nightlife area of wanchai , besides have a wonderful harbour front position

stay here for   night as part of my wife 's   birthday celebrations . this be a surprise holiday for her to a place she have always dream of going . so here we go  

we have be to hk many times in the last few years , and now will only stay in the excelsior on one of the executive floor we be dead posh . service be wonderful as be the view from the lounge and the restaurant on the top floor . location be brlliant for causeway bay and the mtr be only   minutes walk away

i have stay here a few times over the last few years , mostly due to location . i will say , it 's in a great spot . however , i have also watch it get worse and worse , fall very far into decline at this point . in fact , for the money , metro park , across the way be far superior . this hotel have degrade significantly and this last stay be the last straw for me . things all over the room be break and half rig to just get by . for the cost of the room , it be absolutely unacceptable . the staff be ok , but they 're constantly over run by airline personnel , i believe they have a deal work out with ba or something

this hotel be very well situate close to the ferry for

good location and very friendly staff especially in the bar and housekeep

on our first visit to hong kong it match our expectation and the excelsior only add to the experience . it be a top notch hotel in an ideal location   minutes from the hustle and bustle of causeway bay and the mtr and only   minutes from the serenity of victoria park or a walk along the waterfront . we be glad we opt for the 'calmness ' of hk island as oppose to the buzz and constant approach from tailor , etc . in kowloon

i stay here to attend a conference in hk convention center after a disappointing   night stay at royal plaza . compare to rp , excelsior be heaven

i stay one night in this hotel on the way thru hong kong in march . location be awesome , locate near metro stop , causeway bay restaurant , and shopping galore . the staff universally speak english as well as other dialects . service be awesome . the bed be comfortable and the shower facility clean and modern . after come from   previous week of large hotel rooms , this one , however , be akin to step into a ship cabin in steerage class . it be nicely furnish , clean and modern , but small be too kind of a description . i would stay here again when in the area , but know next time to request if any larger rooms be available for more than one night

excellent view of the harbor . very convenient to everything . we stay in the harbor view room at a great rate . the only problem be the bathroom be very small and the room have no real ventilation   thus not a fresh smell . the staff be very efficient . definitely , we will stay at this hotel again

we stay here for a couple of night as a stopover on the way to oz . the location be perfect , the staff be amazing , really friendly and helpful . the rooms be fairly average , quite small , but from our room on the   floor we have the most amazing view of the city . the decor be modern and everything be well maintained . our only complaint against this hotel come from our visit to the buffet restaurant on the second floor . after a long flight from the uk we arrive in the evening and not want to go out of the hotel hunting for a meal we venture to the buffet restaurant in the hotel . we make the mistake of not checking the price before we sit down , and i wasnt even very hungry so i only pick up a few items . when the bill come i nearly choked . i have no idea what the cost of the buffet actually be per person but it certainly leave a big hole in our wallet . despite this , it be a good hotel and pretty good value for money buffet exclude !

i have be stay at the excelsior off and on for over twenty years . it have always be good . my most recent stay be in february   and i be not disappointed . although the hotel may need a refurb its customer service do not . it have always be a feature for me as well as the fantastic harbour view rooms

this be our second visit to hong kong . last time we stay at the shangri la in kowloon which be fantastic so this time we decide to try to view of the harbour from the island . plus we have kid now so could n't afford to stay at the shangri la again

this be a well manage hotel  staff be helpful and curteous . food be excellent   if a little expensive . location , overlook the harbour , be as good as it get and full harbour view room be worth the extra cost . a classy hotel which i 'd return to any time . by the way , hong kong be a fantastic city . plan your visit carefully as there be so much to see and do . try some of the island as a peaceful contrast to the city 's craziness

we stay here for   night and think hk be amazing , it blew my mind , we love everything about hk

i must have stay at a different excelsior . i ask for a king and get a twin bed room . a hard sell at the front desk to upgrade . the lobbby be like a train station . the rooms be date and wall as thin as a cheap motel . you hear every bathroom moment your neighbor has . this must be my   stay in hk and kowloon be a much better place and value for hotel

this hotel be in a great location near causeway bay . very close to shop , restaurant , bars and metro station

i join my husband for a business trip that be a week long and we upgrade from the business book to a deluxe harbour view with the extra package . what a lovely place to stay ! the lovely lounge build in for easy harbour view be delightful as be the staff   all very happy to please . hotel be central for all on hong kong island . i have previously stay in kowloon and will have trouble next time decide where to stay as this hotel be just fabulous but i miss be in

my wife and i take our two grandchild to hong kong in january at stay at the excelsior . location in causeway bay be very good close to metro , shop , market , restaurant etc . we have two deluxe harbour view rooms with connect door and the view of hong kong harbour be breathtaking . definitely worth the extra cost . staff be very friendly and accommodate and nothing be too much trouble . the only caution i would make be that there be a disco on the   floor so i would not go higher than the say the   we be on the   and while noticeable , the noise be not intrusive . due to the australian dollar 's collapse the cost be a little more than expected . we would definitely go back again

we want a reasonable quality hotel in a central location for a few days en route to new zealand . we know this be n't the best hotel in hong kong but we couldnt afford the mandarin . it be just what we wanted . the harbour view be magnificent . the room be spacious and clean . the public rooms be big and impersonal but fine for what we wanted . breakfast be a huge international event . the staff be all helpful and friendly

the excelsior hotel be fabulous place to stay . from the minute you arrive everyone try to make your stay special . you hear people say oh it really do n't matter where you stay as your not in the hotel much , well i must say you will want to be in the excelsior . the room we stay in be spotless and the bed be to die for . just what you need after a hard day sight seeing . the service we have be second to none . we would once again like to say a big thankyou for make our stay perfect

the hotel be in an excellent location for a tourist wish to sight see , with the mtr close by cheap and very easy to use and right on the doorstep of the shop and restaurant around causeway bay . it be also within easy walk distance of wan chai . the staff be friendly and helpful and the housekeep staff be the best i have come across . the breakfast be expensive but of a high standard with everything you could think of avaliable . the room be fairly small but the view across victoria harbour be excellent . the dickens bar be just right for a night cap and a big hit with my boyfriend since it show the premiership match live ! if i be to return to hong kong ihope to since it be an amazing place i would definately stay here again

this be your typical old musty hotel that want to be   or   star but be the us equivilant of a     day 's inn plus a plasma tv and concierge nice lobby

can only agree with bbyr and the detail information he have give , we stay over christmas , and meet up with family . dickens bar in the basement very reasonably price and the happy hour make it a very popular bar . hotel be ideally place and have great view of the harbour . all the staff we encounter be very helpful and friendly and the breakfast buffet be

this be one of the best hotel i have stay in hong kong and macau . before i have even check in to the hotel , i have already experience their excellent service . the reason be i wish to watch a particular play in hong kong on xmas day and the by the time i have confirm my trip it be too late for the ticket to be mail to my house as it take   days for overseas patron . hence i email excelsior request the ticket to be send to the conceirge and be collect upon my arrival . my request be very promptly attend to and follow up by send me acknowledgement that the mail have be received . one may think that it be expect of the hotel to provide such personal service   nonetheless i am still very impress by their speed and sincerity to serve their guest

stay at the excelsior for several days in november in a superior side harbour view room

we stay in the excelsior for three night as part of a tour we be do of bangkok , hong kong , bali and singapore . this be a very busy hotel but i suspect all hotel be in hong kong . the room be good if a little small and dated . it be clean and serve its purpose . you be hardly in your room anyway . the breakfast be fantastic and the tott bar be fabulous , if a little pricey . very good location

a well locate hotel in causeway bay with stunning view from the   floor cafe . rooms be well appoint with comfy beds . the bathroom be fully functional if a little date

the excelsior be another quality hong kong hotel . when i live there in the early   , the excelsior be one of the top three hotel on hk island along with the mandarin and the now defunct hilton , so on a recent weekend trip i be tempt to try it out . and it be still a very good establishment . it be in an excellent location   overlook the harbour and the yacht club , next to victoria park great for child and jogger , and right by all the restaurant , bars and shop of causeway bay . the service be excellent   really good attention to detail . we have a one year old , and come back from our first day out to find a stuff toy in the room , and all the electrical plug cover up   even though we have n't ask anybody to do so . the buffet breakfast be very extensive   i ca n't think of anything else they could have include ! it be n't all perfect   the hotel be show its age nearly   in some ways , with the bathroom a bit dated . and avoid the front rooms on the lower floor , as the traffic below can be fairly heavy . but for us these be minor points . we have already decide that the next time we need a hk hotel , we will choose the excelsior

i book an airport pickup and from the minute someone meet us at the airport we be treat so well ! we get water bottle and cold towel in the car , and ask if we want music ! i am not use to this sort of thing ! a lady meet us at the door and take us in , our bag be take to our room and we be show where it was . we have a side harbour view room which be very nice . couldnt fault the hotel . we go to the bar on the   floor which be lovely , brilliant view and they have a band on who be amazing ! ! ! people be up dancing , we have a great night , it be a really nice place ! easy to get to the tube and shops . now the only thing i would say be that it be expensive but you do get what you pay for . and maybe the decor in the rooms should be updated . i would definitely stay again if i could afford it

we stay at the excelsior at the end of september   and find it to be a good but not great hotel for the price . however it be in a good location at causeway bay and the two bars we go in be some of the best hotel bars we have ever be in   the tott bar have great view of the light show every evening at   and the english bar in the basement be fairly authentic

we stay at the excelsior for   night book via virgin , and this trip be our first time in hong kong

recently refurbish rooms make this a good place to stay . my husband use to live in hong kong and think it be a great place to start from . the staff be helpful , we be give champagne on arrival it be our honeymoon and a free drink in the downstairs bar . it be a very cool place to relax in the humid hong kong heat . would recommend to anyone

if it have a swim pool the excelsior could be a   star hotel . since it do n't have one , be just a very good hotel of the celebrate mandarin chain . and it 's certainly one of the best deal you can find in overprice hong kong . the coffee shop restaurant on the first floor be very pleasant and the breakfast buffet be excellent . the same go for the italian restaurant and for the one in the top floor , overlook the harbour . there 's also a cigar shop . the hotel be in a walk distance from causeway bay subway station . causeway bay be itself one of the major commercial area in the city , where you can buy anything you can think of

the excelsior be in need of a bit of update in place , but essentially its a good enough hotel , where you wo n't be overly disappoint unless you be expect   star luxury . the rooms be a bit functional , and the bathroom small . that say though the hotel do n't try to be pretentious and the staff be very friendly

book to stay at excelsior through their website which as offering a special promotion pay   night , get   night for the deluxe harbour view room . check in be fast     seamless . room size consider good by hong kong standard and the view from the room be excellent . however , we be give a room on the top floor , just below the bar pub tott     be the weekend , we could hear the band playing until   it be n't a problem for us since we be not ready to sleep until pass   but it could be a problem for early sleepers . full toiletry offer and diligently replenish every day . good location with a   right by its side , mtr station     lots of shop     good food nearby . friendly staff also grant us a generous late check out at   with no extra charge . overall , a very pleasant stay

the excelsior in causeway bay be an excellent choice for this family of four . my husband     kid have not be to hong kong before and the excelsior be perfectly locate to be our launchpad . we have two adjoin rooms which be very large by hong kong standard , the bed be extremely comfortabe and the staff be very helpful . the first morning we have the buffet breakfast which be outstanding . we also have dinner in the cantonese restaurant one night and be very pleasantly surprise by probably our best canonese meal of the trip ! !



we spend   night at the excelsior with our family , one family   pax other family   we opt for a double room suite for each family , expensive but the girl love the robe and the all day snack at the executive lounge



this place be in a great location for shop , metro and get around hk island generally . the causeway bay area its in be very safe with plenty to do around and about . the hotel be failry old and date now , with huge turnover of guest and a very slick check in   out process accordingly . rooms be fairly small , as be the bathroom , but all clean and tidy and no real issue just fade elegance . the basement bar   british pub be very cosy and the totts restaurant at the top have a brilliant champagne buffet lunch on sundays . staff be friendly and knowledgeable , however do n't expect to be wow by the rooms   then again who want to stay in a room too long when you be in hk

the excelsior be recommend by friend as we be not generally disappointed . upon check in and go to our room it be large , clean and comfortable but do not have the harbour view we be expecting . so we go back to reception and they give us a room with a great view but it be smaller   still very clean and comfortable with all you need though . the staff be all very helpful , the facility in the hotel be all very accessible and food drink be reasonably price and of good quality . the breakfast service be excellent . location wise the hotel be in a great position , near public transport links and shopping and eatery but far enough away from the hustle and bustle of down town hk . it be not cheap , but it be probably worth it . the hotel also arranges a pick up drop off service at the airport which be very good . all together a great place to stay for a short break in hk

we stay at this hotel for   days recently for a break in hong kong . the thing that set this hotel apart from any other be the location   we have a deluxe harbour view room and we could see all of kowloon plus all of hong kong island harbour , the noon day gun and the peak all at once   brilliant

my wife and i recently travel to the bustle city of hong kong

the excelsior be the perfect complement to this vibrant city

we stay at the excelsior hotel for   night and be more than happy with the hotel and its environs

i stay at the excelsior for four night on a business trip . overall , the hotel be very pleasant with courteous service

stay in hong kong a couple of times as a backpacker and as a traveler who like a little more comfort these days . the island be where it all happen and the hotel be in the best district     causeway    right on the water front . the tube be around the corner and get you to central in   min where you can get a ferry to other island or to the mainland . i do not eat in the hotel apart from the bar under the reception area where you can get a light snack or a full meal and i have no complaints . the rooms be a little small but you spend so little time in them it do not matter the staff be great and the decor be simple but tastefull . the view on the harbour front rooms be amazing and must be one of the best on the island

the excelsior be pricey , but be a great location if you want to stay on the island

i have stay here several times over the years and the excelsior move like a well oiled machine . it be a large hotel in a busy part of town with several restaurants . the lobby have a high volume of foot traffic , but congestion be never a problem . i have always find the service to be outstanding , after all the excelsior be now run by mandarin oriental . the restaurant be appealing . the location make travel anywhere in the city incredibly convenient

love this hotel . we choose a harbour deluxe room and it be well worth it for the view of the harbour and the skyline from both sides . entertainment in itself . the staff be friendly and the room have everything you need for your stay and be immaculately clean . we stay   nights . room service be a luxury but affordable and you really have to have breakfast in your room overlook the harbour . lots of nice little touch like postcard of the view , a daily morning paper and sweet in a replica excelsior hotel tin ! ! this be a great area for shopping and eat and it be only   minutes walk to the mtr . the hotel restaurant be great as well and there be an english pub with weekly pub quiz for those of you miss home . great for family and it be really safe around . you overlook the noonday gun . you can walk to the star ferry in about   minutes . victoria park be also a short walk . really glad we stay on hong kong island and not kowloon as the night life be on the hk side

the convenience

stay here recently for   night and it be great . location be good as its near the mtr , starbuck be just across the street at wtc . time square be just a few minutes walk too . there 's also a   nearby for those who want to save on water instead of buy it in the hotel . staff be friendly too . the only downside be that the bed they give us be   single bed join together instead of   queen size bed

i guess i ca n't add much to what others have write , here be what stand out for me

my review be base on have stay here over   times

i book this hotel from cxholidays and be kind of a last minute trip

hotel be locate next to the world trade center in a very vibrant neighborhood of restaurant and shopping mall , frequent by local and travelers . underground access to the noon day gun , and near victoria park . close to metro and tram

nice hotel . terrific location . very good and friendly service . while it be true the hotel would Ã © cor be a bit tired , and it be not a fancy hotel , it be well kept and clean and seemingly well run . by the way , we don â € ™ t agree with most of the criticism in prior review , except for the small old tv 's

we stay at this hotel for three night in february on a trip to asia . it have a very convenient location in causeway bay close to the mtr station , which mean all the main sights in hong kong be easily accessible and there a plenty of good shopping on the doorstep . it also mean you can link in pretty easily to the airport train at central station . in addition if you buy a three day octopus card , you can get the free airport train hotel transfer bus from outside of the hotel to central station and then get on the train . this be very useful and make life easy . the service be , on the whole , excellent in the hotel and breakfast be one of the best experience i have have in a hotel , with food cook and juice make live for you . the bar on the top of the hotel talk of the town be very nice and good to relax in the evening look over to kowloon . the downside be that the hotel rooms be look a bit tired , with carpet wear thin and the bathroom smell a bit . we book a non smoking double room with harbour view but be tell on arrival that they only have non smoking twin rooms overlook the harbour but if we want a double we could have a smoking double or a non smoking double without harbour view . this be disappointing and we have to settle for a twin non smoking room overlook the harbour . in addition , we request a change of room as the bathroom smell in our room but all they could do be fumigate the room which help , but not much . if i be go back to hong kong i would probably look to stay elsewhere as ,for the money ,i would expect the rooms to be a little more modern and fresh which be a shame as the service provide by the hotel and its location be real plus point

we stay one night at the excelsior prior to board a ship for a far east cruise . check in be quick and efficient . the lobby area be n't that big but all you need

i have find my new home when on business trip in asia

we book this hotel for a   night stay while return to the uk from oz , we have also stay in singapore on the way over so be really look forward to the hotel and hong kong

the location of the hotel be great and although parts of the hotel and rooms look a little date , i would gladly stay here again ! i also want to make special mention of the fact that i leave my journal , which i have have for   years , in the room after i have check out and do n't even know about it until i receive an email from the hotel 's housekeep service that it have be find ! they subsequently send it back to me by register mail ! that be outstanding service and i be forever grateful for this kind act as my journal be invaluable and impossible to replace

just return from a   night stop over in hong kong on our way back from australia . the hotel be book by our travel agent , and be well price as a high end   star hotel

good size of room even though it be not big same like all hotel in hong kong , but spacious enough for   people . good location right on the harbour . however , as we have have experience with mandarin oriental hotel group , this one be a bit far from their standard   not too bad , but not quite in a group . the small details like quality of bath towel be very thin and not good enough , slipper look cheap quality and no spare toilet roll in the bathroom , windows look very dirty , fixture seem worn out and old . however , the overall be ok for money and location

stay here on an overnight stop to australia . we book it as it be part of the mandarin oriental group and we have have excellent experience at other mo hotels . sadly the rooms be ridiculously small   our room , despite be     executive    , be not big enough to have a proper door to the ensuite bathroom and have a slide door instead which be about   inch from the side of the bed ! the room be disappointing , but the staff be very helpful and check in   out be efficient and breakfast in the exec lounge be nice enough . on the whole i would recommend the sheraton in kowloon as a better mid price option

great location for shopping , as it be near fashion walk , sogo and times square . also very near the mtr . hence , extremely convenient . hotel staff be polite and welcoming . driver of the airport coach be nice and friendly as well . there 's a nice little tea break place next to the elevator at the ground floor call illy which serve excellent egg tart

i stay here , and love the hotel and location . get a harbour view room when checking in . the hotel be very close to the subway , and right in the shopping district . the staff be very friendly and helpful

great location , lots of shopping and eat , easy access to the rest of hong kong . my only complaint be that we book a non smoking room but when we arrive none where available . i honestly hate the fact that we have to stay in a smoking room as the smell be strong in the room . that be say , i would stay in the hotel again if i be give a non smoking room

the very best breakfast buffet i have see for a long time be always a good start of the day , and excelsior deliver just that . the room i get   be a corner room with a full harbour view â € “ very nice ! unlike many other hk rooms this be spacey , mostly because of the corner position that actually waste some space for an in room corridor in stead of enlarge the room

i travel alot , and be meeting my brother in hk for a few days . i normally stay in the grand hyatt or the penisula   but i think i would downgrade a star and stay at the excelsior . it be more like downgrading   star though ! ! location be pretty good , but as soon as we check in   the receptionist try to hard sell an upgrade to the executive floor . when i decline   my originally book rooms be not available suprise suprise   and i be force to sleep in a single room   when i have book a deluxe king ! i then have to change rooms the next day . they try to do the same with my brother but after point out at     a single bed be hardly feasible   they find a new room for him . but it later transpires a downgrade room at the same price

good location on causeway bay direct access to shop . harbour view room be definitely worth the extra . service be impeccable , and staff genuinely friendly . excellent room service at reasonable charge . very high standard of cleanliness . we be make to feel welcome and extremely comfortable

british airway use this hotel for their crew and a friend have recomended it to us

this hotel in a great location . step out the side door and you be in a great shopping area . safe to walk around and the noon day gun just across the road underpass for cross over . we have a harbour view room on executive floor and the service be fantastic . room fairly ordinary but quite big i think compare to other hotel i have stay in . the executive lounge be also great with breakfast , light lunch , and nibble and drink provided . the staff be extremely friendly and no matter who it be from cleaner , porter to administration staff they always greated you first with a hello or in our case 'merry christmas' . the executive lounge staff always greet us and address us everytime by name which be also nice

this be a nice hotel with a great bar on the top floor think park h yatt in tokyo from lose in translation . while the view from kowloon look at hong kong be always nicer , this bar have an awesome panorama view of victoria harbour

one of the hotel i stay at during my recent two week trip to hong kong be the excelsior hong kong in causeway bay . i have know about this hotel for a long time but have never stay there on any of my prior trip in the past   years . i am glad i finally find my way here . the hotel be quite elegant and the harbourview room i book definitely meet my expectation in terms of decor , size , and view

my husband and i stay at the excelsior for   night after a   week trip to australia . the staff be friendly and the hotel be in a good location for shop and transport but it be in serious need of refurbishment

return to the excelsior for the   time for   years we realise that it 's still our favourite upper mid range hotel in hong kong

spend   night here for a friend 's wed , great place with a really central location if you want shopping and the noon day gun . rooms ok size and quite standard hotel decor but very quiet and stafff very attentive and helpful . great choice of restaurants . the bar on the   floor have   degree view so be great at night but pricey drink so maybe not for the whole evening

this be a good value hotel if you be on business and need a clean hotel at a more reasonable rate than mandarin , four season

i stay there for   night   oct     oct   in an executive suite . i would say my overall experience be good . i be impress with the room size , cleanliness , amenities and the view . i feel comfortable , relax and always look forward to come back to the room after a long day outside . it be excellent

we stay for a week in an executive harbour view room . i recommend pay the extra for the executive floor as you get some nice touch in the room and the breakfast choice which be include in the price be great

i stay   night at excelsior . i be happy with the hotel give the good rate that i manage to get  lt     , no breakfast

i be really please with the excelsior . everything be execute flawlessly during my   night stay . the buffet breakfast be excellent   we have two people stay the hotel but only offer one free breakfast , i think that be abit odd . the room be not small by hk standard , spotless and the service throughout be perfect

this hotel be in a great central location . it overlook the harbour , which be nice , but we would n't necessarily pay the extra for this feature again although it be nice at nighttime . at the back of the hotel be the main shopping district which be great and the mtr tube station be right next to the hotel which be handy

i have stay here many times   decent location with all of the causeway bay shopping behind the hotel without the hustle that you find in tsim sha tsui   but the mtr station be a   walk , connect you to the rest of hong kong kowloon in just a few minutes . clean , comfortable rooms with a good staff . the italian restaurant in the hotel have decent food . executive floor rooms offer a decent breakfast and great 'cocktail hour ' with hot appetizer and a staff that really make you feel welcome and seem to cater to your every need

my husband and i go to stay at the excelsior in hong kong as part of our our of the far east

stay in excelsior be all about location . it be locate in causeway bay , just minutes from mtr subway station , sogo , times square and the shopping that you can get . you do n't have to go to the kowloon side or mongkok to buy electronics etc because you can get the same things in causeway bay area too

stay at hotel middle august

we have just return from our trip to china and the standout hotel out of the three we stay at during our trip be the excelsior in hong kong . what set it apart be the courteous staff , the excellent amenities and most of all , the convenient location of the hotel

the excelsior be a good value hotel   you can get to     downtown    hk island and kowloon easily by bus or subway , as well as hop on a bus to go to the beach , etc . on the other side of the island . however , it be a far cry from the mandarin oriental     standards    i have experience not that i expect it to be on par with the oriental in bangkok , but come on , despite the fact that it be own by the group . the room be reminiscent of an old howard johnson or motel   i do like the british style pub downstairs , which make me a little homesick for western creature comforts such as good french fries they be great at the pub , as i be on the tail end of my sightsee   gastronomic tour of se asia . however , i have to say that i would not stay at this property again if when ! i go back to hk

we stay the   of june â € ™   to the   for   night , as part of a stopover on the way to australia

we stay here for   night at the beginning of our honeymoon and be pleasantly surprise follow some report on here . we upgrade to a executive side harbour view room , which be clean and comfortable . rooms not huge but you not need them to be in a city !

my wife and i visit hong kong for the first time in may   so we be a bit unsure about which hotel to pick . we be very please with the exclesior . it have everything we be look for . the room be clean and have everything you would expect . room service be

pleasantly surprise at location . loads of activity right on the doorstep , very close to mtr so easy to get around

i stay at the excelsior for   night around chinese new year . this be my second stay at this hotel and i be again very please with the hotel

my girlfriend and i stay at the excelsior for a long weekend at the beginning of june . we decide to stay at here on the strength of previous tripadvisor review

i stay at the excelsior for nearly two week , and find the service to be excellent . i have a large room with a wonderful view of the harbor . very clean rooms , excellent food , and attentive staff . visa for mainland china be handle quickly by the concierge . laundry service be fast and efficient . i would definitely stay here again

have be a little disturb by some of the review on here before we go , but find the hotel great . taxi take a while to get to the hotel from central station in the rush hours traffic , but once we get there the doorman be very welcome , and reception staff efficient there be other people checking in , so they take us across to the air crew desk ! our room have a partial harbour view , and look partially over the top of the low rise building to the right of the hotel , give a good open feeling . the room be clean and comfortable , decor be in good condition , but not terribly up to date . pretty much what i would expect for a hotel in this location that charge this much less than some of the other hotel in a busy , expensive city

what a fab hotel , excellent location for both the finanical district and also the real     hong kong    . view from the rooms at the front of the hotel be brilliant especially the higher floors . rooms be immaculately clean and the carpet throughout the hotel be steam clean weekly . the totts asian grill restaurant on the top floor be out of this world , the food be glorious and the service next to none . the hotel be use for both holiday makers and business people , which be what you expect in such a city as this . i would definately recommend this hotel to anyone want a true taste of hong kong . the hotel limo service be excellent too and really reasonably price

stay in excelsior for   nights . check in process be prompt and efficient , staff address me with my last name

have just move to hong kong to live my company place us in the excelsior for   week whilst we search for an apartment . in my opinion the hotel be predominately a business hotel be use by a significant amount of airline crew and people pass through for work with the majority of tourist opt to stay in the slightly better class and better locate hotel in central and admirality . not to say that this hotel isnt use by tourist but they tend to be coach party stop by for one or two nights . the location of the hotel in causeway bay be n't bad but if your a tourist spending a few night in hong kong then the hotel in central will be the one that you will give you the lifetime memory not the the excelsior . some observation from my time there

the excelsior hotel be locate at the busy shopping area of causeway bay . about a short city block away from the mtr causeway bay station near the sogo department store . the hotel be at the action of both retail shopping and close to large shopping mall and stores . on the north side of the hotel there be front way a very busy highway and a small feeder road for access to the hotel with limited access . the west side of the hotel be really the main entrance which be a small unappealing one way alley come from the world trade centre shopping mall

we spend ten days at the excelsior and enjoy every minute . have read all the review on this site we be concern about what to expect

i enter the hotel with some trepidation have read some of the reviews   the location be fabulous , the harbour view rooms be tremendous esp . at night . i stay here on business and the lan access be great . the room be large . the bed comfy . the hotel be quiet , the staff very attentive and the food fine . i have stay in much better hotel and pay   times as much . i have stay in far worse and pay   times as much as well ! . a good base for a meeting , a nice stay

for christmas   my family leave the cold of toronto and head for hong kong . while stay at the excelsior hotel in causeway bay , we , along with other family member and friend , have the christmas buffet at the hotel 's cafe . then the next day four people in our group become violent ill with food poison , an incident we report promptly to the f    b manager . however , nearly a month later they email me say out of the   + guest they serve that night , nobody get sick do the four of us not count ? do they actually call everyone and check ?

to put it bluntly the excelsior be a dump and need a major renovation . i be really surprise that the oriental hotel group do n't have a problem attach its name to the property . the one exception be that the service from the staff be up to mandarin oriental par . the rooms be really quite small , run down and not the most comfortable . i eat in the hotel once at the buffet for lunch and be not thrilled . decent location , good business services , good car service although it be prohibitively expensive . i would only stay there again simply because the rates tend to be much better than most other hong kong hotel

it be the week of itu telecom , and all hotel be booked . this be the only hotel i manage to get , and even then at some extremely exhorbitant rate . the excelsior be sorely in need of a refresh , although it be smack in the middle of causeway bay . service staff be fine , unlike what be say in the other reviews . the bay view be nice , although the rooms be smallish and old

i stay for   night at the excelsior in hk during november  

this be so disappointing . i be in hk on business the first week of dec   my corporate travel dept . book this as its on our approve hotel list . first , the hotel 's lobby , restaurant , driveway be very busy and hectic at most times of day . much of their clientele be airline crew   they have a separate line check in not a good sign . even though my corp acct guarantee my reservation , the hotel do not have any non smoking rooms avail when i arrive at   what i have book . i call the manager out and be tell that a n room would be avail by   ! ? . i have no idea what could happen in those   hours that would make a room avail . they say i could keep my things in an avail smoking room and use restroom , etc .   it be just awful ! dirty , very much in need of remodel , very small , and the smell be just terrible   i could have never sleep in this room due to the heavy cigarette smell . causeway bay be nice to shop , but i would n't recommend stay there , you 're much better off in central . and in no way would i recommend you stay at this hotel . the staff do n't seem empower to help me , it be the manager who     found    the n room

this hotel be in a very good location with regard to shopping and restuarants etc and have lovely view of the harbour,but the rooms be date and require a little tlc . we have reqested a deluxe room with harbour view and get a harbour room but certainly not a deluxe room . the tea and coffee make facility be of an absolute minimum and be push into a tiny space within the mini bar we be on the   floor which be because we ask for a smoking room ok so be so high we do n't expect the windows to open fully,but be suprised to find they do n't open at all !    not even an inch

we stay here for   night in oct   the deluxe rooms be a great size , and the bed be really comfy . make sure that you get a view of the harbour,its great at night time . we eat at the chinese restaurant in the hotel one night and the food be great . the bar that be part of the hotel have a really good atmosphere and we spend most night in there , especially good for a nightcap . the staff be friendly and the hotel itself be very clean and comfortable . its in really central place especially for shopping , but its a good   minute walk to the star ferry . the tram stop be about   minutes walk away while you be in hk i would recommend have afternoon tea at the peninsula hotel in kowloon , its a real treat . its a great city with so much to see and do and you would pay alot more for a hotel of this standard over on kowloon , but there be no need with the star ferry so easy to use you can take the ferry over and stare at the view of hk for as long as you want

we spend   night at this hotel       september  

my wife and i stay here in early october and be very impressed . we upgrade to a suite with a harbour view which be expensive although ultimately worth it as it be our wed anniversary . wehad a great night in the dickens bar within the hotel and would definitely recommend you give it a try

i have read the review on tripadvisor , but at the end of the day , have no choice about stay here as it be to meet up with a friend who have already book the hotel . i arrive on a saturday afternoon about   , and that be where the problem started . take   minutes to get to the desk with the queue despite request a non smoking room and phone to confirm such , i have to remind them of this specific request at checkin , and then they have no room for me when i arrived . i be tell the room might be available at about   why ? but in the meantime i could shower and freshen up in a smoking room they have available . there be no offer of an upgrade as the hotel be full . i be prepare from the other review for this , so basically i have a control quiet hissy fit at reception , be escalate through three people up to the manager , before they     found    me a non smoking side harbour view room   . luckily it be renovate , with a new bathroom , but the     view    be laughable

recently spend eight night in this hotel and i can not praise it more highly . the room grandluxe with harbour view on high floor , service from begin to end of my visit and food be excellent ! furthermore the excelsior be convenient for the underground mtr . will certainly stay there again if i make a return visit to kong kong

i be there for   nights . it be a large , busy hotel with many tourist , business guest and airline cabin crew . my room   be comfortable and clean with a good view towards the sea . it be a little small and the bathroom will need renovation in the near future . however the facility in the room be very good and i be please that an iron and iron board be provide

we stay in this hotel at the end of our   day kuoni china tour

we choose this hotel as the agent have be there and say it be in a good location   very safe , and good value . we get there and reception ask if we want to upgrade to a full harbour view room on the exec floor for Â £   night , and it include breakfast , and cocktail and canape from   , so we do and best money we spend , we get a lovely room , althought the bathroom be very old , and desparately need a face lift , but never the less they be clean . the club exec lounge be so lovely for breakfast and to have snack in for the afternoon , never busy and great view of harbour

the last time i be in hong kong i stay at the island , shagri la . this time , it be business so i end up at the excelsior as most of my meeting be in central . for starter , accomodation in central or causeway bay be go to be expensive so that 's a give

i use to stay in prudential whenever i go to hk yearly but no , i think i may pay more and come to excelsior . beautiful room with a great harbour view both in day and at night . we upgrade to the superior harbour view room and be not disappointed . the location be fabulous if you be think of food and shopping . across the street , you get good buy in small lane and trendy shop for the young and hippies in shopping centre surround the hotel . there be a cheap japanese restaurant and a korean restaurant serve authentic korean food , not to mention   eatery all nearby . hotel be also near ferry terminal to macau and hk central station , so it be convenient to take a train to to hk station and then take a cab here . its easy and fast and cheap too . i would not hesitate to stay there again

we have just come back from three night in the excelsior and it be a nice hotel . we pay for an upgrade to a superior harbour view room i probably would have be rather angry with a city view . the only thing go for the harbour view be the actual view and hence city view must be disappointing . i think the rooms be very date and the bathroom be a bit on the small size . i think the service be good but on my check in after a long flight like most people visit hong kong and hence tired the first question was  passports please ? which be acceptable and then second question be if i want an upgrade in what i would call a semi aggressive way of ask     i feel the check in staff be more in search of a quick sale then make me feel welcome . i do go for the upgrade to the harbour view one must especially if it be your first time to hong kong . apart from the check in i think all the staff be very welcoming . breakfast be great   and good value for the sumptuous buffet you get . the location be good especially as the shop close late and transport into town be easy via the metro system . if i go back to hong kong i would probably try another hotel . i would not recomend this hotel if you be use to stay in mandarin oriental styel of hotel as this be not up to the standard of other mandarin

we check in here in mid june on the first leg of our round the world trip . an excellent start . we have a harbour view superior room   great view across the bay . the location of the hotel be excellent   although most place in central hong kong be great for transport

i can not fault this hotel . from the moment we arrive the service we receive be first class the check in process be extremely efficient , we be give a free upgrade to an executive room with view overlook victoria harbour . the standard and cleanliness of the room be high . we have breakfast in the hotel every morning and find it good value for money and superb choice on offer . the staff be very freindly and exremely helpful . location of the hotel be ideal for explore with mtr station closeby . the dickens bar be worth a visit . overall our stay be a very enjoyable one

i have be to hong kong   times and stay at the excelsior   times     ,   and   i last stay for one week in november ,   this time i have a full harbor view room i have order a low floor harbor view but be upgrade to the   floor upon arrival ! . the view alone be practically worth the price of the room which be about     us . the rooms be large with plenty of amenities and great for business travelers . they also give me a complimentary bottle of wine upon arrival

have see other review , we upgrade to a harbour view room at approx Â £   per night which be well worth it . great view , large clean room , god location . the breakfast be fantastic with great view over the harbour

family of   stay   june   this a a good hotel we upgrade to the executive suite on the   floor overlook the harbour and for the few extra     's we also have the daily breakfast , lunch , afternoon tea and drink included . location be fantastic only minutes to train     shop , staff very helpful as well . the room be much larger than expect , compare to others we have stay in before , this get our thumb up

very clean , fantastic location very close to the mtr and overlook the mid day gun . the hotel staff be friendly but the rooms and the decor be very jade and in need of a refurbishment . it definately be not     luxury   

we stay at the excelsior about three years ago , and i would have to say the experience be mixed . we spend   days there this year and thoroughly enjoy it . i 'll get the niggles out of the way first   it still need a lick of paint , the television be small and old , the bathroom be small though adequate

we arrive after a long day of travelling . the reception area seem chaotic , but i expect that have read previous reports . however , it be n't too long before we be check in and from that moment , our stay at this hotel be wonderful . the staff always polite and go out of there way to make us feel really special . we do upgrade our room as it be our wed anniversary . we have a large suite on the   floor with club lounge access . this give us three different view of hong kong . the club lounge be on the   floor and provide a good breakfast , more than adequate lunch and other snack at different times of the day . we have alcoholic drink between   and   each day plus a complimentary bottle of champagne in our room because of the occasion . the room be well furnish and always clean and include a small kitchenette and walk in wardrobe as well as lounge and smaller than expect bathroom . internet access be available inroom but in comparison with some hotel , rather expensive , charge per hour rather than per minute . a range of cafe and restaurant available in the hotel on various floor provide ample choice plus an english theme bar in the basement . there be also a pedestrian tunnel under the busy road outside to get you to the waters edge , important to be present at the daily noon day firing of the canon . also watch for the symphony of light on the waterside , both hong kong island and kowloon side , each evening at   be on causeway bay give immediate access to the shopping there and also spectacular view of the harbour , hong kong island and kowloon . there ar n't many hotel i would suggest in this city that could provide such great views . we check out through the club lounge reception , much quieter and more personal . personally , i would avoid the taxis like the plague , the airport express train be very efficent and quick and you can hop on a free bus from the station to the hotel . at     per night , not cheap , but who care , the stay be one we will never forget

this hotel be right on causeway bay and so access to many of the attraction be straight forward

my fianc Ã © have to travel to hk for work so i tag along as i have leave and air miles up my sleeve . we stay at the excelsior as his company have corporate rates setup there

we be in hong kong for the rugby sevens , so the location be perfect  within walk distance of the stadium . the hotel be actually in causeway bay , not central , as a previous reviewer stated . but central be just two quick stop away on the mtr  entrance be right around the corner from the hotel . the hotel be also right in the middle of a great shopping district and right next door to a nice park

stay there a half dozen times . nice but pricey , but hey this be hong kong . i have a good corporate rate and always stay on the executive floor which bosts a smallish but well appoint lounge

hight mark for service , cleanliness and food . locate in a very convenient location for downtown hong kong . the rooms be very comfortable and the view of the bay be awsome

have stay at other mandarin oriental property this hotel be quite a disappointment . even though expectation be already lower base on the room price , it be surprising just how run down and worn out the guest rooms have become . the excelsior would benefit from refurbishment . i am surprise mandarin oriental have their name on this hotel

very clean and comfortable . we have a side view harbor view club room . would suggest full harbour view room for future . enjoy the breakfast , snack and drink make available for club room floors . there for business . husband could use lap top w no problem in room

check in at   be very quick and easy show to room with side view which be good then ask if we would like to upgrade which we do at a small extra cost superb view over harbour and midday gun

i have stay at the excelsior many times . each time have be a wonderful experience . the staff be very friendly and helpful . dickens bar be a must for all sport fans . i recommend the fish and chips in particular

we stay for   night and could not fault the service , rooms and location . the location be excellent , literallly around the corner from the mtr which be the lifeline to get around . i personally find the shopping around causeway bay area excellent for choice and value and better than in singapore . a must do   visit the     rainbow seafood restaurant in lamma island include free ferry . we would definitely stay here again and recommend it

we stay here for three night on a stop over from australia to heathrow . throughout our visit everyone of the staff we encounter be pleasant and helpful . we upgrade to an executive room which provide access to a super lounge area with inclusive breakfast , lunch and early evening drink

have stay at this hotel twice , and it 's well overdue for upgrade to the rooms . it can not be classify as a   hotel compare to others in hong kong . bathroom in particular be poor , amenities be minimal . be hope that renovation be n't too far off in the future as it be still a good value

we stay at the excelsior in hong kong for   night at the end of january

phenomenal rooms , food , staff     courtesy

the hotel be very busy constantly , but be well locate in a great shopping area rooms be ok but get the harbour view its worth it breakfast buffet be outstanding for choice lots of easy transport on the doorstep,dirt cheap taxis,trams and metro dickens bar be great,very english but cheap ? ? no way ! ! watch price in electronic shop also   not always the bargain they potray a mad place but enjoy it thoroughly

stay for   night on a business trip   judge from some of the review here i be slightly apprehensive . should n't have been . for me hotel need   things   great location , comfortable bed , powerful showers . big tick in all   columns . sure , it 's not plush , but the view from my harbour face room be superb . and when i complain about a vast family in the room next door make a racket , i be re roomed immediately . not only that , they apologise for it on reception when i check out   days later , and a letter from the management be wait for me on return home , again aplogising and hope i be n't overly inconvenience

we stay   night here . we have great expectation as it be part of the mandarin oriental chain    we arrive to chaos ! we get to the hotel at   to see some very stress look check in staff try to resassure queue of customer with suitcases . it turn out that they have no rooms ready until       we be give complimentary drink voucher , a high room and a late check out free of charge . we also receive a bottle of wine as an apology the next day ! . the room be lovely although it could do with an update , great view and comfy bed . bathroom be adequate although a ceiling tile collapse on me in the bathroom one night !     the best part about the hotel be the dickens bar downstairs   great atmosphere , cheap beer and friendly , local bar staff a real gem in the hotel !

we stay at this hotel january   prior to arrival , i speak with the concierge several times . he confirm my stay , set up airport transportation , and arrange tours . everything be perfect when we arrive late at night . our room have a fabulous view overlook the harbour and kowloon . the bed be comfortable . the shower be a little slow to drain and have some stain but fine otherwise

after reading previous review and experience a stay at the excelsior personally , i have to agree with some reviewer   it be not up to mandarin oriental standard . i be fully aware of excelsior condition prior to my stay , so i didn â € ™ t expect much and stay only for the view for the new year

my husband and i stay at the excelsior hotel in hong kong for   night at the beginning of our honeymoon . the hotel be lovely and we upgrade to an executive room and the perk that this entailed . we have a brilliant harbour view and although the room be a little small this be to be expect in such a city . the staff be extremely efficent but welcome and friendly something we find throughout hong kong . we find stay on hong kong island be the best choice for us and we will definetly be planning a return trip to hong kong and a future stay in the excelsior

the excelsior be one of those mid level hotel that try to be a first rate hotel , but ca n't pass muster . that they be own by the mandarin oriental chain only make it worse , since the staff think they be work at the mandarin , but without the training and resource to bump up the service and amenities to make a stay here memorable or enjoyable . certainly , if someone be not use to stay at first rate hotel , they would n't notice how young and unprofessional the desk , lobby and business center staff be here . it 's hard to describe it , since the difference can be subtle to those not use to good service , but to see what i mean simply walk into the lobby of the peninsula in hong kong , and walk into the lobby here . not take into account the physical difference , which be not worth compare the penisula be a more expensive hotel but it do n't cost anymore for a well trained , professional and friendly staff . the excelsior stumble badly . the rooms be way over designed . they look like a designer 's first job , with an attempt to include everything they 'd ever read about for a     hip    hotel which this be not . a glass window from the shower to the room senseless in this set , glass sink bowl always messy look , backlighting , cove light , hide light everywhere    there be seven different light switch just for the room . it 's silly    and all the built in furniture , shelf , table , sofa , closet    everything be over wrought and jam into the space make a typically small asian room even smaller . i never do figure out how to turn the backlighting off inside the frost glass closet . the room redo 's be likely new , since they be in pretty good shape , but it look date      stuff . the business center look like it be pass by when the rooms be upgrade   definitely   look    and get this , a   percent surcharge for call dhl to pick up my box of laundry i be send home . every hotel i stay in on this trip call dhl for free . that surcharge be absurd . and when i complain about it a us         extra    charge for make a phone call ! ! to the manager on duty , he say     it 's the hotel policy    . yes , but it 's still stupid , policy or not . and a real hotel , offering real service never tell a guest with a legitimate complaint ,     it 's the hotel policy    shrug and walk away . as an overall experience be the stay bad ? no , but what irks me be when a hotel pretend to be classy and service orient , and it be not even close . just be honest , excelsior , you be a pedestrian hotel . do n't pretend to be anything else   that 's what make guest upset . if the hotel have simply advertise themselves as a middle of the road place , my middle of the road experience would not be nearly so disturbing

great location but if you not get a harbour view room which be price much higher than the standard room then i wouldnt expect much . our view be of an adjacent concrete wall and from all account from friend we make in the hotel a lot smaller . the furniture be definately date but outside the room you wont be too dissapointed . the sport bar be a great if expensive place to sit on a night for a good atmosphere and the buffet on the first floor be great . make sure you get to mong kok market on kowloom side though and not take the first second or third price they give you !

we have be stay at this hotel over the last few years . stopover before the long haul to europe . this year our room   be excellent overlook hong kong harbour , marina and kowloon . the harbour view rooms be a must as they be spacious with all the mod cons . its magical watch the large cargo ship cruise up and down the harbour jostle for space between the ferry and junk boat

i book our holiday and not know where you be go be a risk and a worry for anyone . we drop everyone off as you do and you start think i hope ours be ok and you be always last at be drop off . well i be very relieve at my hotel it be fabulous and very central without any noise and it be excellant . it be within   min walk of the famous trans that you see on the tv . very clean the people be brilliant , we enjoy it so much that we will book without a doubt again . may i just warn everyone that we get up and be out at   in the morning there be very little action because this be a late night city , it do n't cause us a problem it be nice and quiet and we love that time of the day . please go to china town and see the markets . if you be think of go i hope that you all have a wonderful time as we do and we be go to have to go back soon . the hotel be a definate one to

this be a great hotel in a great location . the fact that it 's right next to a shopping center that stay open until quite late really give you a feel of hong kong

this be a great hotel .

i have be a regular guest at this hotel for several years and have to say that it be probably the best combination of price , location and quality on hong kong island . i have stay at a large number of other hotel on hong kong little experience on the kowloon side and while there be other hotel which be truely wonderful in hong kong the island shangri la i love when you factor in price and location causeway bay have all the shopping and restaurant on your doorstep i keep return in the excelsior . you may not have the over the top lobby , but if you want great service at an acceptable price , stay here . { an acceptable alternative at a similar price location   see the park lane . i find the service professionalism not as good but the rooms larger

