not sure what exactly to expect out of the fleming , i be pleasantly surprise by the attention to detail service of the hotel . upscale amenities bathrobe , full set of toiletry   include hair conditioner ! come with the room . the promotional rate include breakfast and all inclusive mini bar . another add bonus be the location , which be within walk distance to the hong kong convention . the privacy afford by the hotel be also a pleasant surprise , give its central location

just return from a quick business trip to hong kong        fleming hotel be book and pay for by my contact in hong kong so not sure of exact rate but recall i hear it be around usd   as a corporate rate

the fleming be a real find in the wan chai area . steps to the star ferry as well as all of the wan chai nightlife . small hotel , but clean and well lay out rooms . if you be look for luxury , this be not your cup of tea . but , if you be look for a comfortable , clean , and well locate hotel at a great value , i would highly recommend the fleming

first time in hong kong and at first , think the location be quite far . but realize we be steps from causeway bay without all its craziness . also , the subway station be minutes away which be the perfect way to get around hk . boutique style hotel with modern furnishings . small double room , but still nice and clean

if you be look for a hotel with a good , central location for less than Â £   per night , you could do a lot worse than stay here . it 's clean and functional , and if you 're not fussy about your hotel , and do n't plan to spend very long in your room , then you 'll be fine . however    

stay at the fleming for several days in november . i have leave the excelsior because there be a nasty smell in the room i have be give there . only to discover an equally bad , if not worse , sewage smell in the room i get at the fleming , which seem to be come from the drainage tube under the bathroom floor . after tolerate the smell for a couple of days , i request a different room , and for a nominal fee be able to move to a more comfortable room the first room be claustrophobia inducing   the new room be have a smaller bathroom , but seem larger because it be on a higher floor and fill with much more sunlight

very nice room,overlooking the harbour , very friendly staff , helpfully,very clean,large bathroom,modern , well   min . to the ferry,we will be back next time and

the fleming hong kong be an excellent   hotel in a good location in wanchai on hk island . what set it apart from others be its consistently friendly and efficient staff and smart and functional room furnishing

we stay in the fleming hotel as a stop over in hong kong . the area of the hotel central to the main area with some good food option

i am a regular traveller to hong kong and over the past decade i have sample many , many hotel both on hk island and in kowloon

small hotel with clean and modern rooms . staff very helpful . i would rate the hotel as a solid four stars . i enjoy the fact that the hotel be small so get from the lobby to your room do not take long no wait for elevator or long walk to room . i would stay again

this be a very comfortable hotel in an excellent location

this hotel be not easy to find , take something to show the taxi driver if go from the airport ! it 's just by an overpass , and we be on the   floor , and we be not disturb by noise at all

good new boutique style place on the junction of fleming and jaffe roads . close to the convention centre business district and the star ferry as well as wanchai night life . rooms be well furnish and equip with sit and kitchen area   more like a mini suite

the fleming be a small boutique hotel jam in beside a busy road in a very small space . however , the rooms    albeit a bit small    be very sensibly lay out . there be no traffic noise even though an elevate part of fleming road be very close . however , there be one big noise problem   for some reason the hotel have two elevator side by side    one for odd numbers , the other for even . our first room have unbearable noise from an elevator . we complained . the staff    very congenial and oblige    change our room to one farther from the elevator    even though the hotel seem to be full . we be there for four nights . the new room be quite quiet . the breakfast room require go outside and go into the breakfast room through another door    tricky in a heavy rain . the breakfast be a bit     continental    rather than chinese i .e . , less ample , less fill . but the staff be very kind and considerate    and that make up for the various inconvenience

the fleming have all the ingredient for the ideal smaller hotel stay in hong kong . the location be great for those who prefer to experience 'local ' hong kong market and eatery and the limited number of rooms give the hotel an intimate , almost cosy feel

the fleming be a perfect example of a small , quiet hotel , well located if you wish to stay on the island , especially near the hk convention center , which be a block away . the wanchai metro station be   min . walk   the ferry to kowloon be   min . in the other direction . the area be very safe for night walk to     from these portal , most of which be on the elevate promenade of modern hong kong

clean service be good , they give honest advice

i stay here twice in june   it be locate within a few hundred metre of the convention centre , wanchai pier and on the corner of jaffe road and fleming rd overpass

we stay at the fleming during the hong kong sevens   mainly because it look nice and the price be damn good most hotel double their rates during the sevens period

my husband and i stay in fleming hotel during christmas in   we love this hotel

i spend a week at the fleming in nov .   , and i be full of praise . the decor be fantastic   very modern , chic and minimalistic . consult their website   everything you see there be for real . the deluxe double room i stay in be large by any standard , but huge for hong kong with big windows , ample storage space , a plasma tv , internet access and even a little kitchenette . the bathroom be on the tiny side no tub , fitting , however , be very modern , and i find it fully sufficient and always sparkle clean . it be true , the stylish breakfast area be small , yet as mention below it be never crowd when i eat there . the hotel do not have a pool , which do not bother me in november the weather be too cold for swim anyhow , and guest can use a gym that be locate just round the corner . service whenever i need it be good . the staff do their best to be accommodating . the location of the hotel be fabulous   smack in the middle of wanchai with lots of restaurant , shop etc . and   contrary to tourist trap tsim sha tsui   a real     chinese feel    about it . public transport mtr , bus , tram be in short walk distance . it be pure bliss coming back to the hotel , a haven in manic hong kong , after a     hard    day of shopping . in a nutshell   the fleming be a superb   * urban hotel suitable for tourist and business traveller alike . when i go back to hong kong   which i definitely will   i will not look any further , i will head straight to the fleming

my husband and i stay in the fleming hotel for   night in january   we think the hotel be great . it be uber trendy and minimalist in design , but our room be large especially the bathroom and comfortable . the room also have a huge bed , big flat screen tv , and basic kitchen facility too

my hubby and i stay in   different hotel in hk island to spend our pre christmas vacation together . to our surprise , fleming have the most spacious room at a reasonable price . the room give a warm and homely atmosphere . all staff be friendly and helpful . great location too . to sum up , we look forward for our next stay in fleming again . no regret

