the four season hong kong be an excellent hotel in many ways . the service be exemplary and the rooms be pleasant , if not quite as comfortable as i expected . the design be a bit off , and there be only   comfortable chair which be completely cram into the end of the room it barely fit   a very odd design mistake . the closet be right next to the bed which be not a good flow . the bathroom be cool with neat mood light and a rain shower head . somehow the room be just miss     something 

everything about this hotel be fantastic   from the service , the amenities , the location , to the overall ambience . one of my favorite urban hotel in the world . absolutely fantastic

we have recently stay at the four season hong kong . its a fabulous hotel . the location be really good and if you have a harbour view room the view be amazing . this be the four seaons at its best . the concierge be very helpful and knowledgeable . the rooms be spacious with all of the small touch that really make a hotel  an umbrella in the room , tv at the end of the bath   with a cushion for your head ! , fruit     water for free . even if the weather be not good make sure you visit the outdoor pool , which be heated , and the hot tub . the view of kowloon from there be wonderful . i would have no qualm about recommend this hotel

have stay at many different hotel in hong kong over the years , but four season be definitely the best . the service be perfect and the location unbeatable right on top of the airport express station and as part of the ifc shopping mall . only problem be the price which be high but at least you feel that you get full value for your money

i have travel to hong kong many times over the last   years , mainly alone on business . i have hear about all the great hotel in hong kong and think that i might never see a nicer hotel than the mandarin oriental . until this summer when by a quirk of fate , i end up stay in a   br suite at the four seasons . oh , my god ! first , the view of the harbor be the view that the mandarin use to have , before the reclamation project place new land between that hotel and the harbor . we be mesmerise at times , watch all of the action in the harbor , from the massive cruise boat to the little 'shoe boat ' that clean up flotsam and jetsam

we stay for five night in an executive suite plus a harbour view room connect , include executive facilities . the executive facility be excellent and very good value   in fact there be no need to eat or drink anywhere else unless you just want to   and there be huge numbers of restaurant and bars to choose from ! ! the adjacent ifc mall to the hotel be very western and impressive , like several other mall on hong kong island and at harbour city in kowloon . overall though kowloon be much more chinese and have a real buzz , but be not a place to relax   which be where the four season spa and pool come in   they be the best in the city and never seemingly very busy . i enjoy kowloon immensely but the child be not so sure . the only problem with the   be that the pool be shut for maintenance most days we be there   and although i know this have to be do i be disappoint that we be not tell on book , or even when we check in . they make a good stab at an alternative by provide access to a pool on the roof of an adjacent residential block , but it be not so idyllic as their main pool . also a bit disapppointing our   year old be not allow in the spa     year minimum age be strictly apply

the only place to stay in hong kong . the service be top notch , as be the dining . the location be within minutes of the best site in hong kong . highly recommend to all my friend and family

impeccable service , tasteful rooms with high ceiling , a good location and the absence of fake luxury make the two night at the four season 's a year 's favorite . and , to my personal taste   an superb a la carte first class breakfast in a club environment be better than the best hotel buffet can be . amazing stay

this hotel certainly meet or exceed all of our expectations . the facility be top notch with service to match . we be upgrade to a harbour view suite and it be both luxurious and spacious . the location , so conveniently attach to the mall , make shopping a breeze , even without subject oneself to the hot and humid weather . if it 's in your budget , this be the place to stay . one caveat though   if you be a leisure traveler and strictly on holiday , a hotel on the kowloon side might be preferable , as the view of the breathtaking skyline be so much more magnificent from that side of the harbour think the peninsula or the intercontinental

there 's not another city in the world that can match the quality of hong kong 's hotel and the four season sit at the very top of the pile . a two day stay be enough to convince me that this be one of the best run hotel in the world . i choose not to utilise the airport 'meet     greet ' service , prefer to jump on the train and walk to the hotel , an easy   min trot through the ifc mall from the hk express station . a seamless and ultra efficient check in have me ensconce in a gorgeous harbour view deluxe room   a light fill and spacious abode of such luxury and comfort i could have move in forever . the room 's fixture and fitting be of exceptionally high quality , especially the sprawling , double sinked bathroom clad in the most beautiful marble . and the bed be supremely comfortable . rooms do n't make a hotel though , and this case it be the service that exceed all expectations . from the reception desk , to the concierge , the bars and restaurant , every staff member address me by name and always with the most generous and genuine smile . attention to detail be extraordinary , highlight during a delicious a la carte breakfast in the lounge restaurant off the lobby   my teapot be place at my table and the handle be subtly turn toward me to make it easy to pick up

i stay at f for   night during my short visit to hong kong . before my trip , i be decide on either mandarin oriental or intercontinental . i end up in f because of a special promotion

stay   night in deluxe harbor view room at   nd floor . great room , magnificent pool , and good look client Ã ¨ le perfect gym for fitness fanatics . do n't have time to check the restaurant since i 'd rather eat outside the hotel i stay in . to my point of view better option than peninsula which look a little outdated compare to f

this be one of the more beautiful hotel i have stay in

the four season be the best hotel in hong kong in every way . it be a relatively new hotel in the best possible location . they have a michelin two and a michelin three star restaurant and the service be exceptional . the peninsula be great with all of its history and the view   but it be in kowloon . the four season be in central and it be attach to the ifc which be very convenient . also , this be the best pool in hong kong with an incredible view of he harbor and you look up at the tallest building in hong kong . it be expensive and i have yet to find any steep discount like those offer by some of the other hotel in hong kong during this economic downturn   but if you can afford this hotel   it be worth every penny

we stay here a long weekend as the final part of our bali     hong kong trip with our four teenage kid

first time to hk and as usual , my overall expectation be meet with four seasons . nevertheless , i â € ™ ll try to detail the pro and con with four season hk

i have previously always choose the jw marriott whenever i come to hong kong . this time i stay at the four season which be more expensive and deservedly so . the service be absolutely top class and a league above the other   * hotel in hong kong . rooms be spacious and clean and the bathroom be heavenly and clean enough by standard which be say a lot . location be very good too , with it be connect to four season

i always stay at this hotel on business . so i never pay by myself

stay a the four season while on a   stopover in hong kong . the four season be connect to the ifc mall , which have a direct rail link to the airport . you can even check in you bag at the rail station

we stay with friend in hong kong for a few night then move to the four season which be fantastic

love it . be amazing . view spectacular , service excellent , right next to a fantastic shopping centre , just fabulous . only criticism be minor and the be

this hotel be in one word fantastic . we stay here for   days,    we initially book a deluxe peak view room but where lucky and receive a upgrade to harbour view . the view on our room be really unbelievable . the amenities like the toiletry l'octaine and the complimentary water fiji be totally align with the rest and be in one word fabulous . it be a luxury and almost feel like a privilege that we have experience this hotel . the location be great and a walhalla for the shopaholic,    this because the ifc mall with all designer brand be locate just be need the hotel . the outside pool be stunning and the pool staff be treat you as royalty . i just ca n't find any word of complain,    

the four season in hong kong be my new favourite city hotel in the world , and this hotel show the rest how it should be done . my family and i have   rooms for   night here in july . we have stay at many , many great hotel around the world but the level of service here be the very best . the staff be highly professional and very friendly , and they do their job better than at any other hotel i have ever stay at . the concierge staff be highly knowledgeable . the check in staff be efficient and welcome we be checked in in a few minutes and be upgrade to a harbour view room on a high floor without even ask . waiter and pool staff be attentive without crowd your personal space . what put this hotel in a league of its own be the fact that no detail have be overlooked . the beautiful pool and spa area be one of the best in the world . the infinity pool overlook hk harbour have relax classical or jazz music pipe into it underwater so you can relax while float in the pool . there be a number of other pool to choose from   each with a different temperature for fussy guests . the level of service extends to all staff we encountered . even the porter bell boy ask if we have remember to bring our passport when we leave on a day trip to macau . unlike many other luxury hotel , the staff here be never     in your face    but go about their business in a very subtle and understate way . the rooms be large and ultra comfortable with large fully equip bathroom and luxurious amenities . unlike many   hotel these days , a daily newspaper in the morning come as standard with your room . water and fruit be replenish daily . the hotel be ideally locate by the ifc mall , with excellent shop , restaurant , supermarket , downtown airline check in , mtr train , and ferry terminal all a few minutes walk away . if i have to complain about anything , the business centre at this hotel can be configure better . there be three internet terminal cram into a small ish area , offering no privacy to the computer users . this be an odd oversight consider how perfect everything else be at the hotel . all in all , a great first experience at the best hotel in the world . i will be back

what a beautiful hotel . the rooms be amazing . may be the best hotel we have stay in . oh , but if you get a massage , the people down at the pool can see in the windows .

for a new property , build on reclaim land on the ever shrink harbour , it have quickly become one of the best hotel in the sar . it have achieve this because it have n't compromise on the one thing that be a premium in hk   space . everything be spacious , rooms with their high ceiling and expansive bathroom , the restaurant lack the shut in feel of most hk establishment and the pool area be as good as anything on the french riveira

i spend three night at the four season hong kong on business and i find it to be one of the best hotel i â € ™ have ever have the pleasure to stay in . the hotel have a representative meet me as i be depart the airplane . i receive a golf cart ride through the airport to pick up my luggage and be expedite through customs . the hotel send a car to pick me up and i be able to bypass the reception deck upon arrival and register in my room . the four season â € ™ s staff make the trip from the airport as efficient and pleasant as possible

we have our wed here on   , and stay for two night at the suite . i can not say enough nice things abt the svc here . perhaps bc of our wed , they really bent over backwards to accommodate us

we stay   night in hong kong at the four seasons . we have book an executive suite which be spacious and perfect for our stay . the rooms where harbor side with a great view of the busy harbor . we arrive very early in the morning come with the red eye from sydney . the room be ready , and a light breakfast be wait for us in the room

hands down , this be one of the best hotel i have even be to   ever . this can always change , of course , but the time we spend here be fantastic . we be upgrade to a series of rooms that be like a penthouse apartment , with hong kong harbour spread out below us , and a stunning view of kowloon on the other side

stay at this property for   night in march   in a harbour face deluxe room . it be fantastic ! best and most consistent service throughout our stay , excellent pool one warm and one cool   each over   meter long , great spa lots of option with good reasonable pricing , worth the star for the chinese restaurant food be truly worth the experience and not as much as you expect ! , and overall good ambiance and deco

we have the luxury to stay in a harbour view suite for   night   the view be too amazing to express . as expect from the four season name , everything in the room be perfect . i wo n't go into details about it , everything you want , they have . i would like to comment on their service . the service at this hotel be the best i have ever received . we be always greet by the hotel staff . when we eat at the wrong restaurant for our free breakfast , the hotel check out staff be so nice to waive our charge . if i have the money , i would stay here again . once you go four season , you really ca n't go back

we stay at the hotel for   night at the start of our honeymoon . to be short this hotel be simply amazing

four season place hong kong be one of the best long stay hotel in hong kong

we have stay in many of the world top hotel and this would easily muscle into my top   the most awesome view   do n't bother stay here unless you have a harbour view . service be spectacularly good , spa be excellent , roof top pool fab . join the exec club for not much extra and get free drink include champagne in a private set on the top floor and free breakfast   end up be much cheaper than just a couple of breakfast

excellent hotel locate beside the best shopping and only a   minute walk from some of the best tourist attractions . the breakfast be expensive but worth it . the swim pool be amazing   roof top at   floor level with amazing view and underwater music ! amazing chinese restaurant and great

my husband and i recently stay at the four season for five days on a business [   ] holiday trip to hong kong . it be our second stay have last be there in   when the hotel have just opened the kink in service which we notice in   have now be iron out and the service be faultless . great hotel like fine wine get better with time and the four season be definitely age well . we would like to commend the staff at the four season for make our stay a fantastic one

agree totally with the previous reviewer from new jersey that this be truly a first class property . also the criticism of the lobby lounge i fully endorse , as it be a bit characterless and bland . i pay for breakfast at this lounge and it be very ordinary for what they charge

we spend   night at the fshk . accord to my friend in hk this be regard as the best hotel in town . i

this hotel be why i be a four season fan ! it be one of the most impressive city hotel that i have ever stay in   incredible . where do i start

have stay at the hotel for   days , i could say i know this hotel very well

the four season be a personal favourite of mine . every hotel of this incredibly efficient hotel group provide their customer with a lovely experience that always leave me leave refresh and relaxed . have stay at the four season in beverly hill and sharm el sheik the best , this hotel group have be consistently brilliant

we get engage during our   night stay at the four season for new years   and every moment be complete perfection ! this hotel    its rooms , restaurant , spa , gym , pool    be a heavenly oasis in a busy , crowd , bustle city . our room on the   floor have a beautiful harbor view and the hotel management clearly pay attention to every detail , from the setup of the rooms to the service . because the hotel management know that this be our engagement stay , they place a bottle of chill champagne in our room for our arrival and then follow by deliver a miniature wed cake and box of chocolates . they also prepare a special bath for us with fragrant oil and rise petal

four season hotel hong kong be one of the best hotel i have stay at . everything about the hotel be   star   the restaurant , the bar , exercise room , pool with a view of the harbor , service , location and the rooms and suites . book rooms with a harbor view . the view be incredible . conveniently locate in the central district so lots of shopping , restaurants . easy to walk everywhere

i have only positive things to say about that four seasons . every detail be perfect , the view be stunning and rooms as spacious as one can imagine . clever details in the room make this a perfect stop in hong kong

stay here for five days in october , for a work conference

great location only ic maybe better on the waterfront , connect to the ifc luxe mall , walk distance to star ferry , easy and cheap cab ride to peak tram , and close to nightlife . wow ! the hotel design decor be spectacular . jaw dropping view from premier harbor view room     as near to a corner room as you can get in an arc shapped hotel . restaurant service spot on , concierge and front desk always available , and housekeep respect my privacy . and even if you be not a spa person , you must take a look at this facility . state of the art and comfort in every way . ca n't imagine stay anywhere else

my husband be in hong kong for business and i go with him . we stay there for   very frustrate week

just spend   night in this amazing hotel . we have book a hatbour view executive floor room but we be upgrade to the most amazing suite of almost   square feet . it have   large lcd tv 's plus one in the bathroom . a steam room in the shower , a separate fully equip kitchen and a huge live room dining area   i have not experience anything quite like it

expect the usual luxury   everything one might want or need . speciality soap and lotion in the bathroom , fabulous food in the restaurant , spa , pool , view , a very convenient mall right under the hotel , close ferries    but also expect to pay for it . not sure if this be worth pay out of pocket , but when on a business trip     

what can i say , everything you expect from a four season hotel   comfortable , modern room   great service   huge place   and the fantastic pool area be probably the highlight of the hotel . difficult to find any negative to be honest as everything be excellent , but i suppose with such a big place its not very cosy . best hotel i have stay in in hong kong

our stay at the four season simply flow from check in

we stay eight night at the four season in hong kong    we could have stay there another month

the four season hong kong be locate in the city â € ™ s business district and be conveniently connect to an the indoor mall ifc . the finance district be virtually connect to the hotel . i be able to walk to the hang seng stock exchange through the nicely air condition indoor mall and corridor in a few minutes . the hong kong central mtr station be about two block away and so be the star ferry pier should you want to catch a ferry to kowloon or even macau . in general , the location be second to none especially for business travelers . if you fancy shopping then there be several high end shop harvey nichols , marks     spencer five minutes away by cab on nearby queens road . cross into kowloon and there be numerous brand name boutique burberry , prada , harry winston , versace , gucci , etc   on nathan road and canton road

service be perfect   room corner suite and view hong harbor incredible . meal exceptional . restaurants   wow    and the pool   well , it too be unbelievable . i do n't have enough superlative

i think i can make this relatively brief because there be no words to describe the experience this hotel provides . they go above and beyond every other hotel we have stay at in the four season chain   and we obviously love the chain . i consider stay at the peninsula and visit and be very happy with the   choice . i like the location much better , much fresher , and cleaner . you be attach to a very upscale mall , the airport express and all transportation option be steps away . caprice be amazing and the staff go above and beyond all expectations . the spa be an experience not to be miss with treatment rooms overlook the harbor . we have a   floor corner suite with harbour view , even from the tub . it be hard to leave for dinner when we go back to change , it be so beautiful . hong kong be a gorgeous city with so much to do . we sleep with our curtain open b c it be so beautiful at night and we be so excite to get up and explore every day . i dream of return

we stay at the four season for   night en route from london to perth . we be quite nervous about travel with our   month old son for the first time and about how we would be receive with a baby in an upmarket hotel . we need n't have worry ! the staff at the four season be amazing and make our stay absolutely wonderful . the cot that be provide for our baby come complete with blue bumper as he be a boy , a baby bath with complimentary johnson 's baby toiletry , nappy in the correct size and even a toy for him to play with . the staff be so welcome and make such a fuss over our son . our room be beautiful , we be upgrade to a harbour view room which be fantastic and we eat in the lounge both evening and be warmly welcome   the staff remember our names from the first night and be fantastic with our son . everything about this hotel be amazing , i would recommend it to everyone ! the location be perfect , the concierge be very knowledgable and so helpful , the rooms be beautiful and every detail have be think of . i ca n't wait to go back

we be seasoned traveller , fortunate to be able to experience high end standard and can be consider high maintenance

it 's my third time to stay four season hong kong . everything be excellent . king size bed with very comfortable bed , marble rest room with l'occitane line product and pool     jacuzzi with victoria harbor view

my partner and i have want to stay at the f hong kong ever since it opened . we make a special effort to modify our trip just to stay here . i do not have a great deal to add since there have be so many review , but i can say it be an exceptional hotel in many ways . when you enter the hotel , you be greet by an army of employee who all move with precision . the lobby be rather understate and unimpressive yet there be even more employee there to address any need you may have . we stay in a corner executive suite . it be tastefully decorate , well lay out and very impressive . the view of the harbor be magnificent . the pool area be as beautiful as the picture on the website appear . the most enjoyable part of the hotel be have access to the executive lounge . the complimentary breakfast be not large but have great service and food that be superb . we eat at the chinese restaurant in the hotel and find the service to be once again very efficient and the food be excellent . the attach mall be very upscale and convenient

we stay in one of the deluxe suite at this hotel for one night . the room be massive   dine area , sit area , bedroom , bathroom and kitchen altogether must have be well over   sq ft

the four season be everything the other reviewer say and more . a great hotel in a great location with impeccable amenities and lovely facilities . the rooms be beyond reproach in terms of space and taste although if you be use to international luxury this be what many people nowadays expect

i have stay at the four season a few times and everytime the experience have be just great . service be impeccable , the rooms be spacious , modern and the bathroom be the best i have ever see at a hotel . try and get a harbour view room if you can

we love this hotel . only premier deluxe rooms available when we book but i think any room here would have be great . it be well worth pay the extra for the executive level access . the pool , spa and gym be fantastic . the restaurant caprice be also beautiful , and the staff be terrific . the mtr airport express be below the ifc . will not stay anywhere else in hk now

my husband and i stay here in october so i know i be a little late in my review . the hotel be absolutely beautiful , the rooms be soo great and the bathroom be fill with marble granite from top to bottom , by far the best hotel bathroom i have ever seen . the room service be good but there be times i just want regular food , and for us thats american . we eat at the restaurant in the hotel lobby and it be very good . one thing be that no matter where you eat , the portion be so small and very expensive . we be from los angeles orange county and be use to high price meal which we not have a problem pay but hong kong be like on another level

this hotel be just amazing , the staff be fantastic and the rooms gorgeous . stay here

the four season hong kong be without a doubt one the top hotel in hong kong and in the world . you simply can not go wrong

possibly one of the best hotel in the world  

comparison   f have great harbor view . rooms be not as spacious as mandarin oriental landmark â € ™ s . services be top notch , better than all the counterpart in the us . the spa and the treatment room be very nice and the masseur be highly skilled . pool area and the gym be worth a visit . didn â € ™ t like the dim sum at f â € ™ s chinese restaurant , mediocre food and didn â € ™ t have a good variety . for chinese food , go to leu garden in the nearby ifc mall , expensive but good

i can not recommend this hotel enough . the hotel itself be stunning , with beautiful , well equipped and modern rooms . it have a great location , next to the ifc , with shop and transport very close by . service be very efficient throughout my   day stay and the gym and spa facility be excellent . food in the lounge and chinese restaurant be also excellent

stay for one night en route to cambodia . room be great , spa excellent and all the usual effeciences of a four season

well it start from the moment we walk off the plane    we be greet at the gate and whisk away in a golf buggy straight to passport control   a must do . it take us about   min by buggy so it would be a long walk . you have to organise to be collect this way and it be soooooo worth the extra  

this be one of the best hotel experience i have ever had . a beautiful new hotel building , wonderful one bedroom suite , stunning view from our room and the vip lounge , and excellent service

great great hotel . we only stay   night and that be not enough . hotel be spectacular , rooms be wonderful with a view of victoria harbor . spend the extra money and stay at the executive club . breakfast be include , afternoon snack , and a view that be incredible . hotel be all about service . from the moment you arrive in hong kong airport you be meet by a four season employer who be hold your name and the next thing we know he be whisk us through customs and directly to a chauffered car outside . same for when you leave . they take us to the train station , which be a   minute ride from the hotel , we check in with our passports boarding pass   we be walk onto the train and   minutes later we be at hong kong airport

when we be plane a stop over for   night on the way home from nz it be toss up between the four season     the peninsular . and wow we make the right choice . the hotel room be wonderful with a breath take view of victoria harbour the room be a executive harbour view room we decide to stay at the executive club and what a treat it be i would strongly reccomend to anyone look for that special touch to book a room with executive club access the club lounge over look victoria harbour and the light show be a spectacle every evening . the additional cost of the executive club give you access to fullbreakfast , snack , drink ,all day alcohol from   to   afternoon tea and light dinner snack the choice of food and drink be amazing and be truly unlimited the service throughout the hotel be impecable . we have stay at the peninsular bejing and think that be good , but the four season put it to shame . fantastic location , very well train staff to pamper your every whim . a truly amazing

if there be a heaven on earth , the four season hong kong try to replicate it , with a combination of excellent would Ã © cor , impeccable service , wonderful food and facility in the heart of one of the world 's most exciting cities . hong kong have great hotel , but this be one of the few hotel in the world where i would actually like to live . a friend do indeed live there , and she love it . and what 's not to love ? i arrive after a long flite from europe to be the only one on the plane to be greet by a person hold my name and a cart directly outside the plane , whisk me off through customs and directly to the luggage belt . as soon as i be pick up , i do n't even see another of my flight companion again , i be take directly to my chauffered car outside and whisk to the hotel , where the wonderful front desk service take me to my room for check in where i have the best view of hong kong 's night time panorama . never in my life have i experience such excellent service , particularly welcome after a long flight the mandarin be similar , but chauffers appear only after you exit airport customs carry your own luggage . the room have be redecorate , and superbly . i have a more classic , modern room which be precisely to my taste . the hotel be just a bridge through a great mall to the centre of the city and my office . however , i love the short distance which allow me to unwind after the intensity that be hong kong . love the state of the art gym and spa . i have travel , it seem , nearly everywhere but this be one of my two favourite hotel property on the planet . the other be the george v in paris . highly recommend

we stay at the four season hk for   night on our way back to london after   + week in australia . it be wonderful

wonderful stay over new year 's holiday . a few thought   the harbor view be magnificent , but the city view be equally stunning . drink be extraordinarily expensive in hong kong , but the executive lounge pours complimentary drink and high quality champagne virtually all day and that , alone , make book the executive floor worthwhile . the breakfast buffet in the executive lounge be also wonderful , although not as opulent as the one at cafe too at the island shangri la few things be . the hotel spa be perhaps the best i have visit anywhere . sky bridges connect the hotel to the central district and the new star ferry be moment away via walkways . staff be wonderfully helpful and gracious . this have become one of my favorite hotel in the world

this have to be the best city hotel in the world

great hotel for central and the ifc complex

we stay at this hotel a few years ago when it first open

if you want the ultimate in service or be consider the peninsula , you should really , very seriously consider stay at the four seasons . when i be planning my visit to hong kong , i poll a number of seasoned hk veteran , and across the board everyone say   stay in kowloon for the view , and   stay in the peninsula or intercontinental . against my instinct , i do neither and book a four season room with a harbour view . grant , it be look at kowloon instead of at hk , but frankly if you care about have a luxury hong kong experience , the view be such a small piece of the equation . with an unobstructed view of the harbor , i spend many a moment watch all the ship and dinghy roar by each other and gaze at the kowloon skyline . we do go to kowloon to visit , and it be filthy and crowd , and although the star ferry be a great experience , i be glad i do not have to do it more than twice . the four season have a fantastic location next to the ifc mall . if you walk by the private residence entrance , there be an escalator that take you directly into the mall , and just right inside be a gourmet supermarket which we find delightful and really handy . if you take the other ifc entrance via the walkway , you can take the overhead pedestrian route to more shopping areas . basically if you do n't like shopping , you might want to reconsider a trip to hk , as i have never see so many mall and luxury store in one city . tons of shop , genuinely friendly service , no sales tax , and designer store that go on sale   hk be truly the shopper 's paradise

four season , the name itself evoke a sense of assurance that the hotel would be clean , comfortable and classy . and all that be true with the four season hk as well . from the service to the bathroom , everything be all in order . the room also boast a view of the ocean , but it 's not as great as it sound cause hk 's air be a bit smoggy

this hotel be a true   star plus and be well representative of the four season chain

i just get back from a week on business and stay at the four season

the four season hong kong be part of the ifc which also include a mall with a large selection of shop and restaurant and several office buildings . the airport express and the metro station central be directly connect to the ifc . the shopping area of central and a large number of bars and pub in lan kwai fong and soho be within easy walk distance

this be about as good as a city hotel can get . the rooms be very spacious with amenities such as a a large flat screen tv and a flat screen tv in the bathroom , very nicely furninshed etc , etc . i can not find a single thing to complain about

it 's one of the newest hotel in hong kong and it do not fail to impress me . the rooms be generously size , ipod dock station , and l'ocitanne amenities . i have stay at island shangri la as well and four season be now a tough competitor . specially since the rooms be much more of the modern and contemporary style . service be impeccable and food be great ! only down side be that the bar close too early for my like

this be the first and last hotel my boyfriend and i stay during our two week trip throughout asia and both times be truly wonderful . helpful , friendly staff that speak excellent english . the hotel location be also great , near the pier and easy to get to from hk airport . the bar on the second floor be lovely for a late night drink , although the room service be not all that great . overall , very pleasant visit and we certainly would go back

we book a     tax service charge include deluxe harbour view with club access . at this price you expect perfection , what we receive be close but not quite

i normally don â € ™ t write letters after my stay at hotel but think i should express my appreciation of this property and the guest experience i

in   ,   million visitor visit hong kong , show     increase from a previous year and bring a total of hk     billion to the country economy

i be send to hong kong for business , and my company put me up at the four season honk kong . i be here for   i take the train from the airport to hong kong central . there be a hotel driver wait at the train station for people head to the four seasons . the hotel be basically across the street , but since it be my first time , i am glad that the driver be there . the hotel van be a very nice mercedes black van , get a bottle of water from the driver . i would have definitely get lose try to find my way to the hotel from the train station with my suitcases . bellhop take the suitcase , while i go to check in . the check in staff be very friendly , they speak great english . after check in the lady who check me in , take me up to my room , and give me a tour of the room . the room be amazing , very large and comfortable . i be fortunate to have the deluxe harbour view room . great view of the harbour and kowloon . bellhop arrive promptly with my suitcases . the desk area be very big , the only downside be that you have to pay for internet access . it be about     usd     hkd a day for internet access . the room have a mini bar , but i be able to keep a couple of bottle of water and soda in there to keep them cool , as i do not want to pay for the overpiced mini bar items . the room come with a flat panel     lcd , and dvd player . there be also a smaller lcd in the bathroom . do n't watch much tv while i be there . you can get to the ifc mall via the hotel lobby by walk past the blue bar and take the escalator upstairs . from the ifc mall you can grab the mtr or the airport express train . there be several place to eat in the mall as well as a starbucks . the hotel restuarants have a business casual dress code . my room come with complimentary breakfast , so you could eat at either restaurant for breakfast . the food be delicious and the service be great . i do n't get a chance to check out the gym or the roof pool , as there be so much to see and do in hong kong . the hotel be very expensive and well worth it , not sure if i would have pay for it out of pocket though . luckily it be all pay for my company . overall a great stay and a great hotel

we stay at this hotel over new year and be absolutely amaze by the room , ambiance and service . this be yet another example of four season deliver on high quality

this be our second stay at the four season in hong kong , but hopefully not our last . great size rooms , very attentive staff , food in the bars and restaurant be great , pool be beautiful , the day spa be wonderful . yes , it 's expensive , but absolutely well worth it for a few days of luxury . i be delight that the hotel give me a birthday cake as it be my birthday while we be there

this be yet another great four season hotel that exceed expectation in many ways . i be in hong kong and singapore in june , and i be lucky enough to stay at this hotel while attend a conference . thank you to all the staff for look after me and my wife so well

what can i say . this be one of the best hotel i have ever stay at

i book a club harbour view room at the four season for a weekend getaway after a tire business trip in shanghai

we have stay in many five star property , include several four season property and this be perhaps the best hotel experience we have ever had . our stay be flawless

i attend a conference here last week , and despite it be way beyond my corporate budget , be able to stay here

stay here on business for   night in feb   this hotel be in a fantastic location , right next to the ifc mall , near the escalator to the mid levels , and next to the star ferry and hydrofoil to macau . it be not a very touristy hotel , it cater mostly to business traveler

we absolutely adore our three night at the four season hong kong . after spending two week on the mainland , walk into the white marble lobby be like enter heaven

i love the   season chain so i have become use to great facility and service which this also has   but here the

the hong kong four season be huge , but its location be excellent . you be near the business district and shopping and it be connect to the nicest upscale mall in hong kong . we have a suite with a view of the port which be grand and on a high floor . service be excellent , there be two big screen television in each room as well as a tv in the bathroom mirror

stay at the four season for a company conference for a week at the end of march into april . everyone be very helpful . the main desk show us the best marketplace for what , let us know what the weather be go to be like when my husband call down each morning . we have to request and iron     iron board . it be bring right up . we have lunch , which be very different from our usual , but still very good . do n't actually try the pool . but we do hit the spa and enjoy completely . my husband and i both have massage different type , but in the same room . they be fabulous

i recently stay at a number of hk hotel   here , lkf , and the landmark mandarin   whilst my apartment be be renovate

a fabulously hotel in many respects   best and very friendly service , tremendously spacious rooms with amazing view , one of the world Â ´ s most beautiful hotel pool , a marvellous spa , finest restaurant

we stay at the f hng kong for three night in july   overall it be good . they have a very well train staff and the property be well locate but the place be really stuffy . i fhave be to many four season property and feel that this one be aim directly at the business crowd . even the vibe in the blue bar be uptight

stay in the four season hk recently on a stopover . it be part of the ultra modern ifc complex which include office tower and a seriously upmarket shopping mall . the whole place look modern and sleek . the ifc also include hong kong station   with the airport express and in town check in for air travellers . in a nutshell , the four season ' location for business traveller and shopper be just about unbeatable in hk

my partner and i recently stay at the fshk for five night in a deluxe harbour view room . we be very impress with the service from all staff and find all aspect of this hotel to be of a very high standard . we opt for the limousine service from the airport which be certainly worth do , we be meet off the plane and escort through baggage and security to the car and our luggage be handle for us

just come back from a   night stay at the four season in hong kong and it 's be one of the best hotel experience i ever

just stay two days and night at the four season hong kong . i think that the mandarin hong kong be already very good , but the four season be just perfect . the view from the room be just incredible , the room immaculate in a perfect design . beautiful bathroom with separate showe cabin and flat screen tv above the bath tub

we stay   night at the end of feb and think the hotel be spot on . staff very helpful , though a little brusque in that chinese way , room service on time , room beautiful with spectacular views . excellent large gym , coffee , juice on offer in the mornings . the pool be a real jaw dropper , look over to kowloon one way     to the financial district the other   warm too . do n't eat at the restaurant , but duck shephards pie from room service be the definition of comfort food . the kitsch over opulent aesthetic of tourist faves like the peninsular with its camp bell boy and shop do n't really crisp my personal bacon , so it 's great to have somewhere like the   as an alternative

book ourselves use tripadvisors recommendation

after stay and dine at all the   star hotel in hong kong over the years , i decide its time to check out the new four season hotel in hk . i have hear conflict comment from friend of mine who have stay at the property during the past year

have stay at the   season several times include my wed night ! , this be without doubt my fav hotel in hk . the place be still gleam , as the hotel only open in late  

up top , the thing i regret most be not listen to the recommendation of others to take advantage of the car service from the airport . i could see how take a car into hong kong would have be a far more scenic experience as the airport express travel through tunnel most of the time , meaning you ca n't take a peek at the bridges on the way to the island . my reason for this be that     be fairly steep give that an airport express ticket be n't even     however , my recommendation for any traveler reading this would be to take the car to the four season and then take the airport express back to the airport , give that there 's a very short shuttle directly to the airport express central terminal and that you can check in for your flight right there my bag be first off in singapore as a result

book hotel through british airway website     get really good price for superior room with view over the harbour worth it just for the view . room be spacious     furniture new , as hotel be open only a year ago . the bathroom be vast , with marble everywhere , walk in shower , huge bath with a tv above . when we arrive at hotel , greet by army of porter , who quickly unloaded our luggage , which be swiftly deliver to our room , while we check in . service be excellent , with staff eager to please we do not breakfast at hotel , as quite pricey . however , we treat ourselves to afternoon tea in restaurant , which be highly recommended . concierge services be good they can recommend     book local restaurant , trip etc . we take advantage of free transfer to airport check in facility near to hotel . recommend take train to airport fast     clean     much quicker     cheaper than bus or private transfers . only niggle be that our iron press order be late in be deliver     we have to phone for it . it be also expensive . no iron or board in room

we have ask for the limosine service to collect us from the airport . outstanding

terrific hotel . location , service and food be faultless

arrive at the four season hong kong after an extend business trip through china be like make it to heaven . world class service , flawless and quiet rooms with incredible views . the concierge service meet my every request promptly and efficiently . the staff at the bar breakfast buffet could not have be more friendly . the restaurant capirce , while pricey , be a pure french dine experience with the food and service quality meritting the prices . i would happily return over and over again to this wonderful

this hotel have everything go for it   stunning view , unbeatable location , very chic decor and great facility   except i be leave want a bit more from the staff . that miss touch of warm and friendly service prevent me from give it a top score

we stay for about   days in the peak view room of four seasons . must say that it be a good experience . the plasma tv in the bathroom be a definitely great , it be amongst the best things in the room

four season always belong to the upper echelon of the luxury range of hotel , and my past experience stay at four season have always be great . so i guess my expecations be high when i stay here for a night at the deluxe harbourview room

we stay at the four season hong kong for one night under the urban renewal spa package . we have just spend   month holiday in europe and the us , which include stay at hotel include f in new york and vegas . let me say that four season in hong kong be wow and anyone who complain about its price obviously have never stay in similar hotel in london , new york or tokyo . fshk be a bargain compare to these city and a whole lot better !

as a self proclaim , highly critical hotel lover , this place be great . i choose the peak view king with an oriental motif on a high floor , and it be spacious , beautifully furnish with spectacular architectural details and abolutely amazing light , especially in the bathroom

a superb hotel that only need a few more lift elevator , if you prefer , a few more smile from its staff but this be hong kong , and a few inspire pastry chef perhaps they could be poach from the hyatt ? to make it heavenly

last   december , my sister and i fly via   to hong kong for a vacation . a black four season hotel hong kong shuttle service be wait at the central station in the ifc international finance centre mall for hotel guest , like us , who take the ael airport express line . as soon as we get into the vehicle , the driver give us volvic mineral water and a couple of minutes later , we be already in the hotel driveway . upon arrival , we be immediately greet by staff who eagerly unloaded our luggage from the mini van and usher us to the reception desk to check in . after fill out the hotel form , the key cards for our deluxe harbour view room be hand to us . the process be swift

a real test of any hotel be what it do to accommodate children . the four season do n't disappoint

stay   night at this faboulus hotel ! service be in the very top and ambience be nice . hwever , compare to other hotel in asia their pricing be exorbitant   usd per night for an ordinary room and be simply not worth it

give the praise that this hotel have be receive both in these page and those of cntraveller and travel and leisure , our expectation we could have let us in for at least a minor disappointment . instead we have one of the best hotel experience we have ever have anywhere

this year alone , have stay here about   night cover about   check ins i travel from hk to china several times each trip . even stay there on my birthday , and they leave a lovely chocolate birthday cake in my room , and every hotel person who come to the door maid , turndown service , etc . wish me a happy birthday . rooms be spectacular w  view , amenities top notch via l'occitane lotion gel shampoo , and man 's shave kit feature regular travel size gilette shave cream with gilette razors . spa be beyond decadent , and pool visually disappear into the bay . only complaint be over attentiveness and a slightly sparse business center

well locate above hong kong station and close to central and ferry pier , this be a lovely hotel . service be wonderful and room immaculate . massive flat screen tv and great view of harbour . i would n't stay anywhere else

our experience at the four season in hong kong be excellent all round . the hotel have a great location in the new international finance centre ifc , so its easy to access central and the ferry piers . the building itself be fabulous to look at , and be decorate in a stylish     minimalist    way , whilst remain comfortable and pleasant

stay here recently and be pleasantly surprise   good location the train for the airport be literally a few minutes ' walk away , great facility , nice room , friendly staff , good eat options . the pool spa be a real winner . ca n't really add too much that have n't already be post by others , but if when i come back to hong kong i would definitely consider stay here again

i have stay at four season hong kong about   times , the last being for   night in january   enough have be say about the plasma tv and dvd player . for a hotel in that vicinity near central office and aiport express station , the room be consider large . mostly wood and large marble slab , there be a certain luxury feel if you be into this sort of thing . nice l'occitane toiletry and plush white towels . shower head can be alternate between rain and normal . if you get a room face harbour , you can see the harbour light in the evening . gym be new and well equipped , complete with bottle of mineral water and apple   however , you need to get staff to unlock the shower one floor up in order to be able to use it . for security reason you need key card to access the lift when go to the rooms and this can be troublesome when you be hold lots of shopping . during one time that i be there , the key card fail more than once but the receptionist be professional enough to accompany me to the room to the   time round . business centre be small and because of direct aircon air stream , cold . also , one down side be there be no point accumulation system or affiliation to frequent flyer program in spite of the high rates

stay at the four season hk be a huge luxury . the hotel 's location in the international financial centre be in the middle of the bustle central district and at the doorstep of the beloved star ferry to kowloon . my room with a view be impeccable and wonderfully comfortable . love the l'occitane toiletry , the flat screen tv in the bathroom , and the rain shower

one of the best pool i have ever be to anywhere with one of the best view as well   spending two afternoon there be one of the most relax times we have have   the rooms be typical four season , spacious with a large bathroom   service impecable and hong kong btw be a great city

what to say about the   hotel

have previously stay at the island shangri la , it be with some trepidation that i book the four season as it come on a recommendation and i remain unconvinced that it could better the shangri la

my girlfriend and i be look forward to another trip to hong kong . we normally stay quite happliy on the kowloon side at the i c . but , i have hear from friend and read on this site about how spectacular the new   season in hk . normally , we stick with hotel that we have enjoy , but on this occassion we decide to mix things up a bit and book a one bedroom suite with a harbor view .

just return from four season . book at the hotel base on previous reviews . i go to hong kong with my   kid so i book a executive suite with a interconnect delux room expensive , but view from the   floor make up for the extra cost

have stay in some great hotel thanks to recommendation in tripadvisor , i be n't long in place this in my personal top three . it knock the hong kong ritz carlton into touch as far as we be concern , spend three days in each on our last trip . both be great hotel   the ritz win on friendly service , but the four season win on the quality and size of the rooms , the facility available , the spa and most of all because of the incredible rooftop pool , which must offer the one of the most stunning view in the world . i could have spend the three days there , to be honest ! and the staff be n't that bad either , make those in the majority of british hotel   well , what can you say ? it 's incomparable . i suppose the four season be a bit big and impersonal , but they try to break this down by offering you tea on arrival after personally escort you to your room for a tour of what do what . but it 's hard to take your eyes off the view of the harbour if you have book one with such a position and you can tell as soon as you step over the threshold that you 'll have all the five star accoutrement available . dress gown , slipper , fresh fruit daily , plasma screen with about fifty channels , a beautiful big marble bathroom and even a tv to watch as you lie in the bath . everything 's cater for

i have stay here   times in the last   month   and on each occasion it have be perfection . airport pick up   perfect   check in   warm and efficient   rooms stunning being upgrade to a suite on the last   occasions help   bed incredibly comfortable   the pool and spa area and related services incredibly relax   the executive lounge great   when stop over on the way to from europe , the snack be enough for dinner

i hate to say it but i think i have find a hotel , which be better than four season new york . the f hong kong be outstanding . we have an airport transfer in a brand new mercedes s class that be well worth the price . we be meet by the entrance door of the hotel and lead directly to our room on the top floor as request

from start to finish a slick spectacular stay with a fine staff and stunning architectural design . i have have the pleasure of stay at many f property and at least   top hotel in hkg . this be incomparable only glitch be the dirty window and the rain outside . do n't miss it if you like the hk side

my wife and i recently stay at the four season in hong kong . what quality ! as always at any four season , service be fantastic . i have stay in most of the other quality hotel in hong kong    the manderin , conrad , penisula     and find the four season to be the best of a great lot . the view from the infinity pool alone be worth a stay

i spend   night there only a month ago and i still like to pull up the photo that i take there just to remind me what high live be like . i ca n't even begin to tell you what the spa massive and outdoor pool be like . the pool be relatively quiet and not at all crowd throughout the day . also , the best time to spend some pool time be at night when all the bright light of the city be tower up above you

recently spend   night at this hotel and it be an amazing experience ! the staff be well polish and the room and harbour view be phenominal . would recommend just take the train in though and save yourself quite a bit of money . the train go right to the mall that the hotel be attach too so it be a   minute walk to get there , or a shuttle direct to the hotel for those who ca n't be bother the few steps . great location on the island and easy to get everywhere

read the rest of the review and they say the same four season in a teriffic hotel

i stay here on vacation in dec   i can only say that this hotel set the standard worldwide for quality and service . it be simply one of the best hotel i â € ™ have ever stay at and i stay in hotel several times per month due to business travel

this be only the second time i â € ™ have stay at a four season hotel , but once again they have confirm their reputation of provide service that be a step higher than all their competitor

we take the airport express to the central station and as we

i stay at the new four season in hong kong from   to   february   it be , without a doubt , the     it    hotel in the sar   i find that , in overall appeal and service , it just edge out my two other hk favorite , the peninsula and ritz carlton . the f really do have it all     location   perfect , attach to the ifc mall and adjacent to the hk airport express station . it 's a short walk or taxi ride to anywhere , include the star ferry , in central . yet it 's also somehow set apart . the property comprises two tower   the hotel proper and residences .   rooms   i stay in a harbour deluxe room , at a promotional rate that include hk     toward in room or hotel restaurant dining . while it be mostly foggy or rainy during my   stay , the view of the busy harbour and kowloon be inspiring . the decor be smart , sleek , and new millenium luxurious   lots of dark woods , marble , and glass . the main tv be a huge plasma unit , with a smaller lcd screen over the bathtub . the bathroom be very luxurious , with a large soak tub and walk in rain shower .   spa   the best i have see to date in a hotel .   pool   ditto , with two outdoor infinity pool and jacuzzis overlook the harbour .   food   room service be the usual f excellent , and caprice restaurant have to be one of the best french restaurant in asia . the staff    particularly the maitre would ' and his assistant    pamper me , discreetly yet thoroughly introduce each of the eight mini dishes comprise the degustation menu , which be out of this world . they advise me that they 'd come from the f george v hotel in paris with the goal of establish the best french restaurant in asia . mission accomplish , i 'd say . while the meal , with champagne and wine , cost almost half of the nightly room rate , it be more than worth it .   staff service   impeccable    not only do the mostly young staff do everything right and go out of their way to help and advise , they be beautiful , as if they 'd just come from hk fashion runway

my first time in hong kong be make all the better by stay in the four seasons . if you can , organise for the hotel pick up from hk airport khd   each way . we be meet at the plane , whisk on a buggy to customs , then straight down to luggage and into air conditioned limo . on arrival at the hotel , we be greet by name at our car and take directly to our room where we be check in in comfort   and this be all within   hour of landing

spend two wonderful night   feb at the new four season hotel . book it since we love stay at brand new hotel and it be have a promotion with free hk     din voucher at its restaurant

i try and stay in four season all over the world where ever i can . this new addition to the group do them proud , a truely stunning contemperary design couple with traditional four season unobtrusive service

this be an excellent hotel with tip top service . tons of staff to cater to your every need . anyone who tell you to stay outside of central , either have budget limitation , or be n't sane . stay in central be convienent and feel alot safer . great stay and i highly reccomend the four season hong kong . it be a great place to bring in the new year

i go to hk on business and stay at four seasons . i have stay at several in the chain and find each and everyone of them to be guarantee luxury and service

i â € ™ have just return from a fabulous stay at the four season hong kong for christmas holiday and can â € ™ t express enough how wonderful the stay was . in fact , it be one of my top hotel stay ever . as the whole world recognize the peninsula as the perennial and ultimate luxury , it be nice to know that there be one strong contender that could rival the old grand dame . forget about the old mandarin currently refurb and inter continental as they be overrate where the physical product be age and unimposing . the landmark mandarin be overprice   boutique style with no view from its room other than the concrete jungle it be situate amongst

