despite the name most of the rooms only have a view of a neighbor apartment building . you need to go to the front desk every time you want to use a fitness center because the passcode change every day . they have not give me a new shampoo bottle in last five days . worst of all , even think they claim the hotel be non smoking they do n't enforce it and with central ac all the smoke get blow into your room . last two night i be try to sleep in what feel like an airport smoking area   when i complain , they send someone to sniffle and of course he say he can not smell anything . they say there be no rooms for me to move to . they say they do n't know how to open a window . they say cleaning lady will look for cigarette bud tomorrow   p lease ! only   tv program and super slow internet . swim pool be a joke and be hardly ever open

since this hotel hardly have much coverage on tripadvisor , here 's the lastest review

i will use the ywca garden view again and again when i am in hong kong because of its value and location . upon arrival , i be upgrade to a deluxe room . broadband internet costs hk     a day , which be fine with me . the queen size bed be hard , but since i be a veteran of asia , i am use to it and sleep very well . rooms be clean and the service efficient and courteous . i find a rate of about us     , which for hong kong be a great value . location ? some may say a mid levels location be too far from the action    about a hk     ride to admiralty or central . i appreciate the peace and quiet

this be my   visit to the garden view ywca . we be upgrade when we arrive which be fantastic , i would highly recommend a suite if you be look for more space than the deluxe room offers . if i have to fault anything , at a push i 'd say the ridiculously cold lobby and the buffet breakfast be n't anything to write home about . we 'll definitely be back to stay again regardless . big thumb up

this hotel be a good value for hong kong hotels . the location be quiet and set away from the hustle and bustle of the city . it be up in the mid levels , so it 's a very steep walk home . because it be so hot out and we be so tired by the end of the day , we always take cab back which be inexpensive from central . the hotel be undergo renovation , so it be under construction during the day . since we be out all day , this be not a problem for us , but if you want to be able to nap and rest during the day , this might not be the location for you . the front desk staff be only moderately helpful with information and directions . there be free access to internet . the breakfast buffet which be include in the room price be adequate , although it never actually open at the time it be suppose to .   be seem to be merely a suggestion . the bed be rock hard , like many chinese hotels . it feel like you be sleeping on a box spring , not a mattress . all in all , this hotel provide a clean place to stay for a good value in hong kong

the hotel be upgrade my room from superior to deluxe room with a nice city view .

do n't be fool by the hotel 's ywca name , this be no youth hostel or poor quality hotel . it have an impressive entrance foyer . admittedly , we be in a delux room have be automatically upgrade from a superior one . the room be of a reasonable size with a large bed big enough for a   + person and a very firm mattress typical style for hk . it be tastefully decorate with all new fitting , include a good size fridge

stay here for   days for leisure and business . the location of this hotel be excellent . the breakfast be western and very good , just remember to ask for the breakfast to be include when reserve

we spend   night at this hotel on a long weekend in hong kong . it be wonderful ! we originaly have book a superior room with city view and get an upgrade to a deluxe room with garden views . the view we have from the room be amazing with floor to ceiling windows and we could open the windows   floor and listen to the bird in the botanical garden and zoo from accross the street . the room be fresh and clean , with a nice duvet blanket , great double bed although my boyfriend really tought it be too hard . the book include free breakfast and it be very good , with a great variety of meat , fruit , cereal and pastries . you can also enjoy the ''symphony of light' ' show every night at   from the room . but watch out , most restaurant close around   i really enjoy the location as it be nestle in the mid levels , away from all the hustle and bustle of the lower city area . this be an expensive neighbourghood and the botanical garden and surround hill make it feel very seclude and safe . i would , however , advise to consider stay away from this hotel if you have mobility issues . this area of town be build half way up the peak and , unless you be the ''ride a taxi everywhere' ' type , you will get a a serious workout up and down hill to the restaurant , mtr station and surround parks and attractions . we always feel extremely safe , even late at night , walk back to the hotel

this be the first time we stay at this hotel and i be not disapointed . i would go say this be the best service i have ever experience

the frontline desk could not retreive my reservation and be not able to help me out for hours . later it show that this problem be cause due to uncomprehensive reservation procedures the restaurant be close but they do n't give any prior notification although i request the possibility of have a breakfast . the bed be too hard . service be non existant at all . i woulod describe this place rather as a youth hostel than a hotel

we make the reservatin by phone from china mainland . once we arrive to the hotel   days later , at the front desk they could not find our reservation and they be not helpful at all . we have to call the front desk manager and even the manager of the hotel because nobody else be capable either willing to help us . finally they give us the room for a way too high price . we have to take it withouth hesitation since hong kong be full at that moment due to a congress

the gardenview hotel be situate in a lovely location beside the botanical garden and zoo . i find the staff to be friendly and accomodating . our room be very clean and have a great view . situate within   minutes walk distance to a victoria peak tram terminal and within walk distance to local shopping . taxi 's stop and wait for fare outside this hotel day and night and there be always one available when we step outside . when not use the victoria peak tram , i advise the use of taxi 's as the hill be very steep and a bit of an epic climb in the heat

the hotel be very clean and new . the rooms be average in size , perhaps even large for hk . the bed have real hard mattress , one have to get use to them . the bathroom have shower , just big enough with modern appliances . the view from the city side rooms be very good

i stay at this hotel for   months    yes   month as part of a work project . i have one of the service apartment on the top floor which have not be touch since before i be bear and i be   !

we book online a dbl for   adult     bed and end up with   twin bed , and they find a double the follow night but with the view we have on the   floor   we opt to stay put ! review here point out the downside small rooms , date furniture , etc but if you want a reasonably price hotel on hong kong itself , this be the place . not only do you have the famous hk skyline , but prime seat for the nightly   minute light laser show bounce off the neighbor skyscrapers . and next door be a park'n'shop , make for easy run for snack , beverage , etc . and for about     or less you just have to run downstairs for toast in the morning   very convenient . government just raise the cab fare in hk as well as other chinese city , but it be such a bargain hop in one for   to star harbor ferry , mid level escalator , etc . that even if it double it 's a deal . good service from staff   clean rooms . i 'd recommend it if you 're not go for luxury

the hotel be clean but the room be very small , date interior and slightly worn . additionally money be steal from my bag while i be out . it be advertise as have a swim pool , however the ymca next door , which the pool be site over be currently prevent the hotel from opening it

the garden view have be rename from the ywca . be this a political gesture ? it be not know by taxi driver by its new name , which be confusing if your flight be late and you try tell a taxi driver at   the name . best to use the address

we family of   stay in the hotel for   nights . find the staff friendly . the first rooms we be give be smoking   so we ask to be move   which they do no problem

i stay at the gardenview international hotel   to meet my fiancee     now we be happily married and i enjoy my stay there the room be clean,receptionist be polite and the place its very convenient to central hongkong  

