i travel to hong kong with a friend of mine , at the time we be both   and be treat with the upmost respect . the hotel be extremely clean and the staff be extremely helpful regardless of wealth ! . grant i have not stay here in a few years , however would reccomend it to anyone ! ! ! !

we end up stay at the marco polo gateway after spending over a month decide on where to stay for our first trip to hong kong i go there with my sister . we want a hotel that be near all the shopping area so we can rest our foot and leave our purchase in between shopping trips . i also need a hotel that 's near the mtr or accessible to the airport express as i plan to watch a concert at the asia world expo

i book this hotel along with a tour package . the stay be plesent and the staff be helpful , therefore service be great . the location of the hotel be spectacular , since you be able to access hong kongs subway and major shopping area easily . the rooms be nice in size , although the staff have put us into a corner unit which we end up have no accessible view at all , just other room windows

the marco polo gateway hotel be situate at one end of a large mall by the harbor , and at the other end of the mall be the marco polo prince hotel . definitely the gateway hotel have a better lobby and friendlier staff than the prince hotel . my family have to wait several times for our tour guide at the prince hotel where we receive unfriendly glance from the security officer while we be seat in that lobby . but not so at the gateway hotel where there be lots of people just whiling away their time . i have to leave my mother and my aunt , in their   's , in the lobby while i do some last minute shopping , and they both fall asleep on the sofa , no one bother them until it be time for us to board the airport bus . also , twice , i have to access my luggage that be in the hold area , and the concierge be very pleasant about it even though we have to walk some distance to the lock room . we be check in   adjoin rooms for   nights . the rooms be a bit old , but i am willing to overlook that fact because of the friendly staff

this be our   trip for this year to marco polo gateway and i never have to think twice as to where the family would prefer to stay . first consideration be always location , and nothing can beat the   marco polo hotels . we have choose to stay at gateway because it be smack in the center . many people be concern with the rates but you will be surprise that even the hotel site have a lot of good deals . the rooms be very big and spacious and breakfast have a lot of choices . most hotel would ignore guest survey , but this one respects the suggestion of every guest and from experience , they really take the effort to correct any negative comments . i have to give special mention to gateway manager mr benjamin fung and mr timothy lai as they have demonstrate exceptional hospitality to reach out to guests . if you plan to visit hongkong during the muggy , summer month , this be the best location since you never have to be out under the sun . as with other review , the only negative   no complimentary

i have stay in all   marco polo hotel along canton road but this seem to be place where a lot of filipino choose to book . i have stay here for about   times already   love it 's location ! since hong kong be know for it 's shopping , this be the best place to be in   exit any of the hotel door and you have get the mall or store stare back at you . rooms be big and spacious and the bathroom be pretty big . rooms be always clean and the staff be very helpful . downside be that there 's no free

my work have me base in mainland china , but my wife and i make frequent trip to hong kong for work and leisure . hong kong be a shopper 's paradise , especially during the semi annual huge sales they have . this past july , we decide to do a quick overnight in hk to do some shopping . the gateway be immensely convenient . after load up on good , we 'd return to the gateway right inside harbor city mall and drop of our bag at the concierge 's desk . then we 'd go back to shopping unrestricted

great kowloon location , friendly helpfull staff   know us by name in a day . great buffet breakfast with loads of choice . room be big with great soft bedding . harbour view be spectacular . cant wait to stay again

we book for a deluxe room but be upgrade to a smoking continental suite . the hallway have a smoky smell as expect from a smoking floor . there be     no smoking    floor though . the personnel be very friendly . most hongkongers i experience from this trip be very friendly , far from what i remember ten years ago . we be serve fruit everyday . the location be near shopping center and have a shopping center itself . it be connect to other marco polo hotel through the shopping center . you may want to request for the two double bed instead of the single queen size bed because it be much bigger . the rooms be so cold and i have a problem of turn it down . it be still too cold for me even if it be turn off

i travel to hong kong   times a year and for the past year have stay on the executive floor of the marco polo , gateway hotel in hong kong . from the moment i stay there the first time i feel at home and the friendliness of everyone who look after me be overwhelming how do everyone remember my name i keep think when i know they must see thousand of people every month . i have to thank kimmy,mark and their team for all of this and i would recommend this hotel for comfort,convenience and friendliness . the perk of stay on the executive floor be that include in my rate be breakfast,cocktails with delicious snack and free internet service in the lounge and bedrooms thank you to all sidney dickman cape town south

location   kowloon be a new district in hk , there be a lot of shop , market , but as tourist object this place be miserable . some shop sell very good things for low price , of cause not all . it be a big job something to find . all good be like in soup eintopf in german , original swiss watch and in   meter a market with very cheap close

have read some of the recent review , there must be a huge variation in the standard of accommodation . i book a room in the   from the lowest price range , but   great joy   we be upgrade to a suite which , although not luxurious , be more than adequate , especially as space be at such a premium in hk . we do n't have much of a harbour view , but do not expect this in view of the high density of building in the area . we be travel with a very boisterous   yr old , but the staff be exceptionally nice to him . there be an inclusive breakfast but ,because of timing ,we be only able to take it once . the choice be excellent , as be the service . if it have not be inclusive in our original book , i doubt if we would have take it in the hotel , as i think it be expensive

good location . decent rooms   nothing spectacular about them . rather old interiors . just good to sleep and shower

after hearing much about how     good    and     superior    this hotel be , we be very much excite about stay here , after all , we do n't just spend     a night for something mediocre . however , we be very much disapointed and angry at our agent after stay here . first of , expect that since the hotel be literally face the harbour , we be hope to get a room with a harbour view , but be very much dismayed when the receptionist tell us that all rooms in their hotel only have limited view of the city since it be surround and block by neighbor higher buildings . we just let it pass , see that all may not be lose in that we be expect at least a good room . wrong ! from the elevator , the age of the hotel could be see , it be already a pretty old property , and marco polo should have refurbish them or something . the room be smaller than expect and that two people could not cross the space between the tv asnd bed at the same time . the bathroom be quite big , but be already old . some brown and rust could be see and the bath tub be kind of dirty . in the restaurant we be surprise that they actually set a time limit for us to finish our meal . they require us to eat in shift , and in one instance we be already very hungry , but the time period for that time be until   only . it be already   , and be that we have no choice , i think we have our fastest buffet ever . the only good thing about this hotel though be its location in tsimtsatsui . however , if you 're gon na spend     , spend it elsewhere ! there 's ton 's of better hotel in tsimtsatsui

have stay in the marco polo hong kong hotel in the past , i anticipate that the adjoin gateway would be to a similar standard . i be unfortunately very wrong in this assumption

everyone i know stay at gateway because of the location . since we travel with our young kid this time and want a place nearer the mall , we opt to stay here . their lobby be beautiful enough and they 're pretty costly so i be expect a room that 's also beautiful at least . i be very disappoint when we enter our room . it have this old , stuffy room smell . the carpet be old and threadbare . the bathroom tile be old , the fixture be old , the toilet be drip and the bathtub be so old that it be stain all over . i have to force my kid to shower

first off , i 'd have to say i love the location of this hotel . easy access to restaurant , shopping , kowloon park , star ferry , etc . i almost always stay in this hotel everytime i go to hongkong

i stay in this hotel every time i go to hong kong . service be great and the rooms be very comfortable . you get complimentary water too but you have to pay a steep price for internet

there be three macro polo hotel in canton road . i stay in macro polo prince before . i preferred macro polo gateway . gateway be locate in the middle and it have the best location . it be only within   walk distance to the tsim sha tsui mtr subway station . it be next to the upscale shopping center â € “ harbor city

