stay only one night en route to thailand . book the hotel on expedia and pay     canadian include all tax and fees . we be not able to figure out the shuttle bus from the airport so use taxis each way instead which make the cost somewhat higher . upon arrival , without ask , we be upgrade to a room with a balcony and a view which be appreciated . there be a little market a short walk from the hotel which we find to have grocery and liquor and some souvenirs . we be very happy with the hotel but do not have time to check out all its amenities . it do appear to have everything you 'd want . staff be very pleasant

this hotel have two different price scheme , one for international traveller , and one for chinese passport holder , the latter be a lot cheaper . it be outrageous . the hotel be actually very nice , but it be galling to be treat like this . differential pricing in china itself have be ban , but it seem it be alive and well in hong kong

this hotel be in a remote be of hong kong . it be a bit far from the main area but give us a quite time during the time we spend in the very busy hong kong . the rooms be large and very neat . we have a room with a sea view and private balcony . it be i bit cold when we be there but they have a huge pool and it be close to the swim beach

this be a great hotel with great service . the hotel 's   star shine through with a lovely pool and surround area . its about   min from the centre , there be a hotel bus service that run every hour for   hk   each way

the service be great , the hotel be lovely , but it be just a little too far from the city   min from the heart of hong kong . we take a taxi to and from each time , but i think the hotel provide a shuttle . the rooms be very large and spacious , but the bed be surprisingly too firm

we stay for   weeks . we select the standard room with balcony just so that we can have more room to strech out with a   old and some family stop by to visit . really enjoyable to have a small breakfast pick up from nearby grocery store on the balcony feeling the sun and the breeze

after lengthy research on trip advisor , we decide to check in with my wife and   daughter in the gold coast hotel in tuen mun , new territory in hong kong . we feel that kid , would like to go to the beach , swim outside in child friendly pool with water slide and not stand all the time in the bustle city centre . there be some inconveniences . you need to take a   bus ride for   hk dollar to the city centre and you lose some flexibility . taxi can quickly get a burden for the daily budget . but overall we feel we be right to do so and not only for the kid

the hotel be nice with nice vew and good service,with brackfest good choice to please european and asian cliants ,with kid or with out the trip to city be about   mint . long with mini bus  the cost be some what more, , then normal city bus  you can travel for around   dolars to the airport but with mini will cost you    walking around hotel earea be nice and you many restorants to eat incl macs  rooms at hotel be well equipt with comfort  air con etc , nice comfie king bed

we stay here for a week and have a very enjoyable time . the hotel website claim   star , whether this would apply in europe or the us be questionable , but the hotel be luxurious with marble water feature in the huge lobby , a pagoda style structure , a circular bar and good seating . the lift be glass sided with polish brasswork on display

quite an oppulant hotel   nothing you could fault about it . room be quite quiet   face the sea magnificant

need to do some business     leisure in hong kong . decide to take my   year old son , a   year university student major in structural engineering with me on the trip . hong kong be a fascinating location for those interested in its engineering feats . book our accommodation through expedia over internet . find everything so easy . add to this , we be provide with an expedia     voucher off our accommodation . our choice of hotel be largely make on the basis of previous review of this gold coast hotel . the room rate on     last minute bookings    seem really reasonable . gold coast hotel locate in new territory sound good , although some distance from inner city kowloon hong kong . the hotel be relatively new , very clean , comfortable and our room large at hong kong standard , great view , definitely a good   rating . our two single bed be a bit hard , but i actually preferred it that way the longer we stayed . garden around the hotel be extremely well keep and neat . find the staff to be friendly . finish of the hotel interior     exterior be of high standard     quality . some point to mention  paying for a room at this hotel be similar to buy a bmw car . the car , the windscreen and the air in the car be include in the price , but you pay well for any extras . meal be very expensive , no complimentary water give , no free internet     hong kong per hour ! . we do find the free shuttle to kowloon very handy and use it extensively . just make sure you know where the pick up point be , as they be not similar to where you be drop off in kowloon

the main question with the gold coast be what exactly be it ? i remain slightly confused as to what be aspire to be and why anyone would actually choose to stay there . the website convey image of palm fringe beach , marine vista and lush gardens . the reality be a curious blend of hong kong tower block and smog , butlins family entertainment , new indian glamour bollywood chintz and the personality and style of coventry council estate albeit on a warm day   rare in coventry

we move to the gold coast hotel after stay at the langham place in mong kok . we want to have a getaway outside of the city and just be able to the relax . our first impression of the hotel be great . it 's luxe and classic when you walk inside and everyone want to hold door open for you . we do have our temperature take when we check in , which be a little strange , but not a big deal . our room be huge and they give us an amazing view of the water overlook the pool area . with that say it be a bit date drapery , bed frame , couch , although i believe they be in the process of upgrade some rooms . the bed be extremely hard , it be a little tough for me to feel as relax as i want to . the bathroom be large , but the shower be definitely wonky . so powerful and collect water so quickly you be soon shower a tiny lake

i just get back from a lovely week end at the gold coast hotel . in my opinion , the hotel be excellent value for money , and my kid love stay here because of the beach that be a short walk distance from the hotel , the beautiful garden and the kid play area call kid amazing playground which keep them entertained . i would recommend this area for under  

we spenf a couple of night there on the way from oz to europe

if you want a     change of pace    when in hong kong  this be the place   right next to the beach   a fun place to stay . it be a little remote   the taxi ride from kowloon be about     but if you do n't want to be in the crowd city , this be a great option . the hotel have a shuttle bus that go into kowloon and return each hour   complimentary   so after arrive in the town all type of transportation available   walk distance to the subway . you be drop off next to one of the largest shopping mall around !

do not meet my expectation and the website make very exaggerate claims . yes it be quite quiet and prettier than hong kong but make no mistake , this jade resort be on a stretch of beach in a holday complex . the view be of a marina and tower block or of the sea with a view of industrial shipping and dredger in the dock and    you guess it  more tower blocks . not luxurious

i have n't be to hk for ten years and i be a little hesitate to bring my little one   month old there . we pick this hotel because of its location away from the crowd and the price . this hotel be way better than we expected . my   old settle in right from the very first moment . he love look out the windows into the ocean view . staff be friendly and polite

as most reviewer have note , this hotel be n't   star . it be a good location if you want to avoid the busy city centre . check in and check out be quick and hassle free . the buffet breakfast on offer be very good , although slightly pricier than most hotels . there be a large variety of western and asian food to suit all tastes . the service be also top class . the room be large , the furniture be a little older , and i have a particular problem with the shower not be able to maintain a constant temperature . but in general , the room be well keep

while this be not near the big tourist attraction , it be a nice , reasonably price hotel that have it 's own shuttle to kowloon

i just get back from a short visit in hong kong . i choose the gold coast hotel because i hear it be very crowd in hong kong and want to be out of the hustle and bustle of the city if i be n't do anything there . also , the hotel have a shuttle service , so why not ? it be free for me , but i notice others have to pay   maybe it depend on where your room be located . i go to the city every day and do n't mind approx .   minutes on the shuttle bus the room be huge and decorate in a modern and fairly plush way . the rooms be n't perfect , as some other review may have mention , but i be n't look for perfection , and they be still quite nice . i have a huge window with a wonderful view of the harbor , sea and mountains . the hotel have beautifully landscape grounds and offer some ammenities that i like the spa . the staff be very nice and helpful . when i arrive , i be greet with a nice , big smile , and check in be hassle free as well as check out . gordon at the concierge be especially great and go out of his way to help me with all my question about sightsee and how to get around . i wish i have a chance to thank him again , but i have to leave very early . basically , i really do n't know what to expect with my stay at the gold coast . for one , i be n't sure if it 'd be a good idea to be outside of the city . for another , i be a bit skeptical about of its and any high rating in tripadviser . once i choose a highly rate hotel , and it be a disaster . but as you can see , all turn out very well . i am happy , back at home , feeling very relaxed . thank you gold coast hotel

buffet be amazing ! and what a hotel , pretty far out though , old ghurka camp location but travel in hk be

i be first attract by the hotel website and have make follow up phone call to inquire the possibility of host a thanksgiving reception on the property on the final phase of our trip to asia . much impress by my initial contact with the restaurant manager and staff , perry and betty , we have decide to relocate to the hk gold coast on our final three night of stay in hong kong from the jw marriott to host the event

the hotel be the venue for my company sales conference

we stay at this hotel during a stopover in hong kong think it would be a nice comfortable place to spend the night . in my opinion , this be definitely not a four star hotel . the rooms be worn and i have to ask for new sheet because there be hair on our     clean    ones . the bed be horrible the worst part of this hotel   a very cheap mattress   i could feel all the spring and some feel like they be about to burst out of the mattress at any time . the only thing we really like about this hotel be the free shuttle into downtown kowloon . there be a large pool but , as we do n't swim , i ca n't speak to that . i will say that after our disappointing and uncomfortable stay during our first hk stopover we cancel our stay at the gold coast for our second hk stopover and pick a different hotel

the gold coast hotel be defintely not a   star hotel and it be quite far from kowloon and hk island . if you stay in hk and be in need of a short get away , you may consider this hotel . however , for tourist , the beach in hk be not worth a trip there

this hotel be a bit out of the way , but perfect for a relax break . the bed be great , the rooms very large by hk standards . the lobby and atrium be beautiful , and the glass elevator be great ! the common area of the hotel be stunning , with beautiful gardens . unfortunately , the pool area be rope off and out of bounds during our entire   night stay , because of forecast thunderstorms . unusual , because in queensland this practice be not follow , nor at the hotel we stay at on hong kong island . very disappointing , bad form by the hotel i say . breakfast be great , and plentiful , while the a la carte restaurant serve fantastic food , at reasonable prices . my only criticism of the hotel apart from close the pool ! be the concierge . they be entirely unhelpful , and it seem like a sport to them , to try and hinder my enjoyment of my stay . i try to book   day ahead for the shuttle , and be tell its not possible , but i could awaken at   in the morning , and come down to book it with them . so i do this , but it certainly not assist in my have a relax time at the hotel . i ask the concierge a handful of question in   days , and each time be treat with less than friendly

we really enjoy our stay here . the rooms be lovely , good facilties , beautiful gardens . need to heat the pool . it be too cold to use ! our child really enjoy it . not much choice of restaurant nearby , but the hotel restaurant be ok . nice breakfast . would definitely return

the overall experience be terrific

have a very happy stay ! and be new year definitly add something special to the visit

when think about our stay at the gold coast hotel , i have really mix feelings . there be many great things about this hotel   the grounds be amazing , the set be beautiful , the public area be really impressive and the staff all speak good english . the beach be really nice as be the pool area , in fact the whole hotel be beautiful and all this only   minutes from the centre of kowloon . breakfast be great too

the gold coast hotel be not quite a   star hotel but there be a few point that make it a pleasure to stay at

my family and i have just return from   night at the gold coast hotel hong kong . it be plan as an extend stop over to break up the long journey from heathrow to sydney

stay here for   night from   october . fantastic hotel and would thoroughly recommend for a bit of relaxation from the bustle of kowloon and hk island . staff be friendly and although the breakfast be quite expensive , the meal in breakers bar be excellent value .   course meal for roughly Â £   each . staff in bar be very friendly give us advise on what to see and where to go

my two friend and i book this hotel for three night at the end of a two week holiday in mainland china . we be strongly influence by the good review on trip advisor think the hotel would be just what be require after a very enjoyable but busy tour . we book two deluxe rooms with balcony directly through the hotel website   we be prepare to pay a little extra for what we think would be a very relax stay . the hotel website boast that every room have a sea view . we be , therefore , very disappoint to discover that neither of our rooms have what might be call a sea view . there may have be sea in the far distance behind the main view of a high rise block of apartment , the hotel car park and the hotel entrance but it would have require binoculars to see it . when we ask to move we be tell that no other rooms be available but that we might be able to move the follow day . as we be only stay for three night this be disappointing but we tolerate the inconvenience in the expectation of enjoy the rest of the hotel 's resource as describe on the website . ala , further disappointment be in store . we try to have a drink on the balcony of one of the rooms only to discover that the seats be soak wet . they be spray by the hotel sprinkler system watering the flowers . the same thing happen the next morning   essentially make the balcony impossible to use in the evening or the morning even if one be prepare to put up with the noise of the car park and bus and car pull into the hotel entrance . the floor in the second balcony be cover in what seem to be cement dust

spacious lobby area impressive , we stay in a deluxe double bed room which be a decent size and fairly well equipped . food in the atrium be good value , cafe lagoon offer a great choice of buffet breakfast breakfast and dinner , fantastic choice . room service also excellent . reasonable price and periodic special offer make this hotel a decent choice offer value for money and would rate this hotel to be a good   star resort hotel

the hotel be quite nice and well located . the free shuttle service to hong kong be exellent . however , our stay be ruin by their readiness to close to the pool when they have a thunderstorm warning

we live in hong kong , so the considerable distance of this resort hotel from the city do n't bother us . we just want a night to ourselves and have , in fact , stay here before . i book a special online via the hotel 's website , which give us a better deal than any discount hotel deal i could find . we stay in a deluxe balcony room , but it be definitely smaller and less luxurious than the last time , so i can only assume we have a different deal before . the room be still fairly large by hong kong standard , with a king size bed and good size balcony . worst thing be the room not be ready when we arrive ,   min before official check in . ok , fair enough . however , we be advise it would not be ready for nearly an hour . would we like to upgrade extra cost to a room that be ready now ? we think this be just a ploy to extract more money , so declined . however , the room really be n't ready for   min , and we be n't the only one wait in the lobby . amazingly , we be n't offer a free coffee , half price dinner , or any other     practical apology    as compensation . we eat in their cafe lagoon restaurant , which offer a buffet dinner or a la carte . delicious , as be the buffet breakfast , although the line for freshly cooked eggs be too long to bother with . fantastic resort style pool that be almost too warm , but sadly no hot tub

we go for a short stay of   days and wish we have be there longer . the staff as expect from the orient be fantastic and sooo helpful . the concierge desk speak amazing english and seem to know everything about everything , shocking

stay with my wife at the gold coast hotel for   night in mid   extremely impress with the attention to detail , helpfulness of staff , good size room , excellent facility better than many   * facility in other parts of the world include   massive swim pool     nice beach  overall great value for money . the only downside be the distance into hk but it be not a big issue , with bus no         run every   min or so to admiralty causeway bay in hk island Â £   , around   min     a regular mini bus to tsim sha tsui     mong kok in kowloon Â £   , around   min round the clock . there be also a hotel shuttle to tst every hour but its slightly more expensive . the hotel also operate a shuttle to hk airport every hour Â £   ,   min

spend six night there with husband and daughter early twenties . everything from ambience , service , cleanliness and standard of presentation be excellent . the distance from kowloon and hong kong island etc be easily overcome by use the extremely traveller friendly ktr rail system . my advice to anyone be to take a cab to tuen mun station     and get the train from there or catch a bus opposite the gold coast shopping centre . would highly recommend the hotel to all

i book this to coincide with a trip to sha tin race on the sunday the hotel be only   minutes from hong kong international airport and only   hong kong dollar so would be ideal for an airport stopover for a night or   away from the hustle and bustle of kowloon or hong kong the hotel be situate in the new territories first impression of the hotel look good a very new modern hotel the check in be very efficient and when you get to your room all i could say be wow you either get a seaview room or a view of the local yacht club with some very good boat out there the size of the room be quite good too for hong kong more than enough room to work in  next to the hotel be a marina and shopping mall and restaurant ie chinese french and not forget macdonalds the quality of the food be excellent with very reasonable prices the pool area be fantastic and serve food and bar snacks on the last day i catch the shuttle bus to kowloon which drop you off next to the peninsula hotel and only take   minutes overall one of the best hotel i have stay in the staff be excellent and very friendly this would make an ideal hotel in the summertime wher kowloon and hong kong can be unbearable a great

i love this hotel from the moment we get there to the moment we left . i stay at the hotel for   week while on a holiday to hong kong . the hotel recration facilites be great , the hotel offer tennis , tabble tennis , basketball , snooker , golf , archery a gym and many more . the hotel have a freeform lagoon style pool   which be massive , and also a childrens pool with two slide   both pool protect by train life gaurds . just across the complex be the beach which have beautiful gold sand and be also protect by life gaurds . there be plenty of nice place to eat in the hotel   the hotel have four restraunts,bars and cafe , all to a high standard with cheap price , if you want to venture out of the hotel , you can take a short walk not even have to leave hotel grounds to the golden palace shopping centre which offer great place to eat such as ' chilli and spice . ' our hotel room be perfect ,   double bed and a huge king size bed . the room contain a large widscreen tv a safe we have   sink a standing shower and a beautiful deep bath . the house keep be great they make the bed and clean the room every day to a very high standard make it spotlessly clean . the hotel it self be very grand , there be marbel every where but it be just the right touch   not to over powering . the lobby be beautifull , there be fresh flower , a water feature a lobby shop and many more . as you walk into the hotel a smartly dress hotel bell boy open the door and greated you with a smile . the hotel staff be brilliant there be not one grumpyface , they be all so helpfull friendly and look after your every need . all in all this hotel be an exellent place to stay wheather its for two day or to week   this be the place to stay   yes it may not be situate bang in the heart of the city centre but who want to be on top of the hussle and bussle of million of people on nathon road and any how the hotel offer a free bus servise to the guest back a forward to the city every hour on the hour , so its no hassle at all

