when we visit hong kong , we normally stay at the intercontinental . however , this time we be attend a convention at the convention centre , so need to be in wanchai . so our travel agent book us a double room on a club

excellent business hotel , attach to the hong kong exhibition center . superb staff . grand hyatt quality . would stay here again

i have to say the people that work and the grand hyatt treat all guest with great respect and have a professionalism and politeness that i have not see for almost   years of travel

great amenities and service . the view be breathtaking . a quiet space in a very hectic city

stay in this hotel be one of the best part of my hong kong trip and i can never forget this in my life be it honeymoon or just a family vacation , if you can afford the stay , you will never regret

excellent hotel , well locate and very clean and spacious . rooms be of a good standard and the staff could n't be more helpful

we be regular guest there and as always get a great service , this time we be un fortunate to be upgrade to on of their old suite product and although the rooms be spacious for hong kong and very well equip dvd , bose speaker etc overall we do not like this room as much as their normal grand club executive floor room which be modern and comfortable . the grand club lounge be still one of the best place to sip a glass of champagne while the sun set down on hong kong harbour and the lounge staff be fantastic . the hotel get very busy during convention etc but otherwise always make for a great stay in hong

great hotel . food ,dinner by the pool overlook the harbour on the   or so floor be awesome and breakfast have it all rooms of course well equip but you pay a lot in hong kong for any half decent well locate hotel and this be a very decent very well locate hotel ! ! so it be very expensive the wine bar be ¬ £   for   glasses , dinner easily ¬ £   for   and the   hour stay for about ¬ £   be memorable if dear

fantastico ! sea view . really beautiful hotel , specially room with sea view . better in warm season for the

my hubby     i check in and have a very pleasant surprise . we have a full large bottle of champainge and abox of chocolate and strawberry wait for us in the room . reason   my hubby have casually mention that we be celebrate our   honeymoon ! this show that the staff be attentive . the bed and pillow be very comfortable and location be good . we be near to the ferry terminal and shopping mall mtr station

i have better expectation of the grand hyatt in hong kong . when i get there i think the location in waichai be good but i think the bars and restaurant be fairly average . the room i have which face over the pool area be really average . the bathroom be good have say that , the room be just so so  pretty disappointing give the price i would say . there be a lot of competition in hong kong and this be just quite middle of the road , and have stay in other grand hyatt 's in china i have greater expectations . so actually on balance it be so average and be not great value so i would have to say i would look elsewhere in future

i have stay at the grand hyatt hk several times and have find it to be very well locate short cab to ifc city centre causeway bay clean , modern and have a very good level of customer service . if you can do so , i highly recommend book the club floor , which serve moet in fact you need to ask the waiter to stop try to pour you drink as they be almost too attentive and a great array of hot and cold food . also in the morning , there be a huge array of food and again , very personable waiter

we stay in a suite here for a conference in september   what a place , luxury , opulance , beautiful . the bed be fantastic . the bathroom beautiful marble . everything about this place be style and elegance . i wish i could live there . the pool be magic

i have often visit hong kong on work and through the process of try out different hotel , have gladly settle on the grand hyatt as my hotel of

even though the grand hyatt be adjacent to a major conference center , i never feel lose in a crowd . service be prompt , professional and pleasant . the room be modest in size but very well design   remind me of a top end hotel room in manhattan , where space be at a premium just as it be in hong kong . two criticism i have no criticism of shanghai or beijing grand hyatts   cell coverage be terrible . even when i connect , call be repeatedly dropped . even the hotel 's wireless service drop me   times in an hour , and it be expensive . second , service in the grand cafe , the core restaurant in the facility , be slow

stay   night on business trip to hong kong . outstanding hotel   excellent service , great location . sure , it be a little pricey    but all nice hotel in the central business district be pricey . excellent service from everyone   from the front desk to the wait staff to doorman , concierge . harbor room have a great view . room be very quiet , even though the convention center be be expand and renovate near the hotel   was never a bother . would go back again

i recently stay at the grand hyatt hong kong whilst attend two conference at the adjoin hk convention centre

amazing view from the rooms that face the harbour . superb pool and great spa

just stay here for   night on a business trip . service be very professional as you would expect   check in be a breeze . room be a good size with very comfortable bed want to steal the doona . bathroom be large   great towel and amenities . hard to comment on value as it be expensive but for business trip i be very satisfy

what a lovely hotel ! the hyatt be fairly new so in comparison to some of the more traditional hotel in hong kong it feel very modern and slick

hong kong have a great many of comfortable to luxurious hotel at which to stay

wonderful   hotel . first class treatment and professionalism all the way

i travel to hong kong every other two month and find the grand hyatt hong kong be my favorite hotel, . despite the fact that the location be not close to shopping centre , however hk be just so small and within   min by taxi you will get there . i do n't want to stay in central , work in central and spend all my trip in central . sometimes it be good to stay away from the business crowd . again i would rather spend sometime at the fitnes studio   spa to de stree rather than shop , shop and shop  

  night stay in early december at the grand hyatt in wangchai hong kong

we just return from a   night stay at the hk grand hyatt . it be a grand hotel indeed , and we enjoy our stay , but it fall short in some important respects and we do not think it live up to some of the other grand hyatts in asia . in summary , here be the pro and con we observe

my husband and i stay here for   nights . our double harbour view room be quite large with a very comfortable bed and a big bathroom . the view look out to kowloon and be right above the construction site of the exhibition centre   not the most beautiful view and we could hear a little noise even on the   floor but certainly interesting ! the room be well service and well maintained . i use the gym , which be popular and large i think there be   of them and have plenty of new equipment . breakfast buffet be high standard , as be the buffet lunch   a great view , delicious food and quite an experience eat with the wealthy hong kong lady ! dinner at grissini italian be so nice we go twice . fresh grissini bake in the restaurant you can not stop at one ! , white truffle over marscapone risotto and an extensive wine list . add a wonderful view of the city and good service and it be a great place for a special night

this hotel be the best hotel i have ever stay at ! the room we have have a full view of the harbor , my own butler , and fresh fruit basket everyday ! the hotel be connect to a main shopping mall and be in the center of all the action ! the room be spotless and clean , the roomservice be amazing not to mention the incredible food ! wow be all i can say ! i want to go back there soon ! i travel with my mother and we have a blast

we stay here for three night at the beginning of a very long vacation in october and be truly a great way to kick off our trip

beautiful view , good transportation links , friendly staff

the grand hyatt really be very grand . its size and view onto the harbour be extremely impressive . it be also just minutes walk away from the large conference centre which be host the event that we be visit hk to attend . give the horrendous traffic situation in hk , we be very glad we choose this location as it make get to the conference centre stress free

i have just return from another week spend in the grand hyatt in hong kong and be spur to write to recommend it to others . sure it 's not cheap , but no   * hotel in hk be , but the rooms be a good size , modern , airy and quiet and the facility in the hotel be equally good

we choose this hotel as part of a cathay   package , so combine with airfare the room rate be acceptable , there be no way i would ever consider pay their advertise rack rate

stay once again at the grand hyatt in hong kong where the welcome and check in efficiency be second to none . i usually book an executive room with harbour view and have access to the executive club for complimentary breakfast and snacks drinks throughout the day . the club room staff be excellent and be happy to give advice and suggestion on where to visit and shop

we have a very enjoyable stay at the grand hyatt hong kong . service be great   checkin and checkout be efficient , concierge be friendly and knowledgeable . she help us book ferry ticket to macau and every hotel staff that we walk past greet us

during one of my recent visit to hong kong , i be persuade by one of my friend to try the grand hyatt instead of four season where i stay a couple of times before . i must say that the hotel look age but not as bad as some people think they are . have say that , i must say that their philip tv be a joke ! ! ! ! even a   star hotel will now have a lcd tv instead of crt tv . what really disappoints me be the service there . upon my arrival from a taxi , one of the bell boy come and assist me . at the same time , there be another   bellboy and female staff stand around chatting . neither ‚ Ä ú welcome ‚ Ä ù nor ‚ Ä ú good morning ‚ Ä ù

stay for one night in a harbour view room . consider the price i pay for the room , i be quite disappoint with it

the hotel be good , but great or exceptional . there be several pro and con to the hotel

the grand hyatt be a beautiful hotel with a great location . the pool deck have great harbor view , and those do business at the convention center would be hard press to find a better spot . additionally , it be a   minute walk to the star ferry pier and about a   minute walk to the wan chai metro stop . together , they give you quick access to both kowloon and central

this be go to be a long review , so here be my bottom line   i think this be an amazing hotel because of the service they provide and would absolutely stay here again , even though it be on the pricey side . we be there for a conference so do n't get to do very much , but we try to get in as much as possible

i have stay here a number of times over the years and have never be disappoint

we be a family of   with   piece of luggage . we use the gh 's van service from the airport to the hotel . the van be the way to go . the gh 's porter greet us at the airport and whisk us and our luggage to the wait luxury van . it be a service that we pay for and be well worth it give how tired we be after the flight and we do n't need any further hassle of get the right transportation to get to our hotel

i just come from a not so good experience at the grand hyatt beijing and this experience be quite different in a positive way

another fantastic stay at the hyatt hk

we stay in this hotel for two nights . it be wonderful . the view from our room be what you come to hong kong for      very romantic . although we be not good photographer , i think they come out good . see for yourself . the rooms have be modernize and clean . the location be also perfect . we will surely stay here again

great staff at this hotel , they be all very attentive and quickly respond to all requests . the rooms be great with great view of kowloon island

there be really nothing bad to say about this hotel . ok be from ny im use to average service and some tude . the staff at this hotel be top notch from start to finish . polite , always there , etc

my husband     i stay for   night from   april   as he attend a week long conference at this hotel . it be top notch with marbles     gold everywhere in a superb location face the famous panaromic harbour front view . however , as i be there for holiday read   shopping , good local delicacy i feel that most times , the hotel be too formal , ie . perfect for businessmen , but over the top for casual holiday makers . everyone wear black suits formal attire     the pace be very hongkong like . efficient but walk faster     speak faster . warm smile feel obligatory . there be no shuttle bus to famous spots     even the info desk guy be not well informed of the airport shuttle bus schedule which actually pick up drop off at the convention centre next door . other than this , the hotel room be superb . thick wall = quietness . to die for soft bed , comforter     pillows . my hubby     i have wonderful rest     deep sleep throughout our stay ! fantastic bathroom large shower     bathtub . i be not impress with their toiletry shower gel , shampoo , conditioner     body lotion though , as they be like the generic brand that we expect from other   star establishment

the hotel be quite nice , as would be expect for a grand hyatt . have a room with a harbor view but probably better view can be have on the kowloon side look at central . service be most excellent maybe the best i have have in asia . only complaint besides the price be that there be not enough outlet in the rooms . i could only find one after much search under the desk and finally another one in a closet near the desk a few days later . not enough outlet for the modern road warrior e .g . , charge the laptop or blackberry , but not both at the same time until all the outlet be locate

i be a bit underwhelmed by the hotel . the rooms be relatively small and the furniture and furnishing be modern but a bit bland . for the price of the accommodation there be no real wow factor for me

public area too bling for me   lack in taste   rather like the trump tower in nyc    the champagne bar be a much classier part of the building and price be not too horrendous . the rooms be more expensive than the renaissance next door and with which it share outdoor facility . give the renaissance be go through a revamp   it might be catch up

the grand hyatt hong kong achieve a milestone in totally shatter my expectation

absolutely beautiful hotel , good location on hong kong and close to convention center and ferry station , tram , markets . the rooms be perfect in condition , comfort , size and view . we have a garden pool view . plan to spend time in the room might warrant upgrade to harbour view for ~ us     in any event , the higher the floor the better . buffet for lunch , dinner and desert be huge , comparable in price to other hotel restaurant but at us     substantially more than eat locally . facility like pool and gym be top quality . service be excellent at all levels . really no negative for our stay here

spend   night in a harbour view room in september   we arrive early on sunday morning and although check in be       , we be escort to our room very efficiently which be great after a   hour flight from the uk

the hotel offer an amazing view of hong kong bay , depend you get a decent floor level

this hotel have amazing view and it be easy to get everywhere in hong kong by taxi or ferry

our family get   rooms at the hotel . the presidential suite and   standard rooms on the grand club level

nice room nice bathroom service be adequate but certainly not even close to a mandarin standard , uneven quality of waiters indeed as a previous reviewer say , english proficiency be not their strongest asset good gym pay a bit more and stay at the peninsula in kowloon

this be a very nice hotel , however it be not as nice as some of the other grand hyatts in china . the first room they give me have a very bad mold smell , and i have to move out of that room and be put into another room . after i switch rooms , i be very happy . the hotel be clean and very nice . the staff here be excellent ! they give me lots of recommendation and direction to sites . i would definitely stay here again

book a grand harbourview twin room on a non smoking floor for this hyatt property . arrive on a saturday afternoon which mean a quiet check in . however the check in staff do not seem to be proficient in understanding english , which be a slight dissapointment for a hyatt property . upon check in , she offer to accompany us to the room which i declined . check in be fast but nothing special besides that

i have be to many hotel in the world . but you will hardly find a hotel that have earn the word       star    like this one

i stay for the best part of three week whilst in hk on business . amazing place , very modern , one of the most comfortable bed i have ever sleep in , great facility and as always in hk staff be amazing . if you can go then do , but i would only go if work be paying     too expensive for my taste

i stay   nites in grand hyatt . the room be spacious and clean . it be near the star ferry , about   min walk . the mtr be a bit further , about   min walk . the pool be locate on the   floor , it be a decent size . staff be attentive . there be quite a nice view . however , i be shock at the water condition . there be lots of flies , float in the water ! i do not expect this in a   star hotels . to be fair to the hotel , i check the pool everyday around   i be able to see clearly as i be wear googles . it be shameful for a   star hotel

i stay here for one week in january   this be possibly the best large hotel i have stay at for business travel . for personal travel with anyone this would also be a fantastic hotel , but rates be very pricey

this would be a great hotel if you be attend a conference at the convention center , but i be not . the location look better on the map , but really be not walk distance to anything . for this amount of money i would recommend stay someplace much more convenient . the mtr be hike and the restaurant in the vicinity be average

the grand hyatt hong kong be somewhere you have to stay once if you be in the neighborhood . it be an impressive , glitzy , glam ode to las vegas ian excess but somehow manage to avoid the tacky zone . i have stay here many , many times on business and always find it somewhere one look forward to stay unlike so many other places    . i love the location in wan chai . i love the zen type peaceful decor and their dessert buffet be to die for     ! the service leave me a bit cold but just take a look at that lobby and you 'll forget about that service as you gawk

service be great but room be look kind of tired . food outlet be good . location be so so . would prefer a hotel in admiralty like the conrad

we stay at the grand hyatt for a week and the service be good ,

i stay in a grand club executive room and , while the harbour view be wonderful , everything else be disappointing . first and foremost be the beds . in a time when five star hotel be offer the best in mattress and linen , the grand hyatt 's bed be so mushy there 's no other word for it that i awake with back and shoulder pain each morning

we take our child there for   night stay and the hotel

our harbour view rooms be comfortable and the view be well worth grab them . there be   of us in two family on a deal from our airline and we 'd see some review comment on the hotel 's emphasis on vips . and vip we be n't ! but from deal with a bag lose en route , arrange a doctor to replace medicine , book us all into a restaurant that do n't take booking etc etc , the staff all make it a fun and happy visit . it be a little out of the way i guess , for business perhaps , but i agree that it 's easy to get taxis , or take the subway and the ferry from wan chai to kowloon be close and enjoyable . we love the intercontinental last time we be here and love this one too

we stay for three night over xmas . after read other review we book a room with a partial harbour view . we take the merc limo from the airport   well worth the   quid . check in be seamless and quick and we be show to our room . the room be pretty spacious and very modern . the bathroom 's be maybe not to everyone 's taste but lovely to use

stay in the grand hyatt during the october     peak season in hk . get a nice surprise as i be upgrade to a plateau spa room . the room have a very heavy japanese influence   the bed be a mattress on the floor , the large japanese style bathtub , the way the room be design for shoes to be remove at the door as one do in japanese homes    the list go on . the balcony overlookind the harbour be a nice bonus

we get the shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel , but go back we stop at so many other hotel , it 's worth to pay a bit more and take a taxi

my husband and i have be regularly visit this hotel for the past   years and there be a very strange pattern =  gt   restaurant that use to be very good be still very good , i .e . japanese and italian restaurant food wise but the service and particularly service from the reception desk check in that use to be good be get worse and worse . not smile staff , not sorry at all when the room you have book be not available although room type be guarantee for platinum member , deliberately give you a smoking room when you ask for a non smoking room    we have be very disappoint during our last   stays . but the upside be very good restaurant and the concierge team be great

we stay at the grand hyatt for a night in hong kong on our way back from china . check in be good , although our room as a hyatt platinum member be one of the few with little view . the hotel be certainly swish , well keep and well staffed . however , the staff seem concern to keep the vip arrive happy   and less concern with other guest ! the location be quite a walk , through various overhead cover path , into central   but a taxi ride in be quick , and costs under hk     travel to kowloon from the nearby wan chai star ferry wharf be literally a breeze . we only try jj 's bar for drink   and find the service there pleasant with a good band perform if predictably expensive . we would stay here again   although many hk hotel look nice

a very classy lady ! what an experience at this hotel . yes it be expensive but well worth it . we have a harbour view room on the   floor , the view be to die for ! a few point that make this hotel stand out for me   check in be quick , cheerful and very very professional . receptionist escort you to the lift and press the floor button , small but nice touch . another nice touch be that the lift when not in use be always on the ground floor and the door be open . again small point but it be surprising how welcome that seem

love the room and the view   the restaurant service let the place down big time . they all seem far to interested in the local vip 's and what not and i be leave to fend for my self on many occasions . management not seem to care about this fact either   shame they can polish this area because the rest shine

i recently come back to hong kong after be an expat   years ago and stay at the grand hyatt because of its proximity to our office and also the great view and jj 's

have stay in kowloon across harbour from hk in the regent , this be unquestionably the best hotel in hong kong . location be perfect for day meeting in the city , great at night for cheap taxi ride to the various eat districts . the entire stay be textbook and i spend   + + nights year in hotel on business from registration , show how the room works , and checkout . staff incredibly courteous and helpful    room service exactly on time and an incredible view + bed make for a very memorable   night business visit . i ca n't wait to go back and stay in the same room

one of the best hotel i have stay in asia . the club level rooms be not big but comfortable . i be upgrade to a larger room during my last visit . absolutely love the decor , contemporary furnish , black and white photo , marble bathroom    also really , really enjoy the food , especially their own duck liver pate . it 's heavenly ! if it be n't my first stop in asia , i would have buy   jar to take home . the lunch and dinner buffet be also very nice . the selection of food be probably not as large as some of the hotel buffet in hk and taipei , but the quality be absolutely impressive . they also have a dessert buffet at the tiffin lounge from   to   with many tasty sweet , chocolate , cheese , both chinese and western , to choose from . the lobby be a good peopole watch spot , especially weekend evenings . although the price be fairly high but not higher than other   star hotel in the region , i will definitely stay there again

lovely hotel , great service , large , nicely appoint rooms

great room overlook the bay , great spa , wonderful food , but i could n't help feeling disappoint overall . service be n't that great and the hotel do look a bit date and tired to me . they have recently do a refurb to the hotel , and some of the decor do n't feel right . would stay again , but no longer the grand dame of hk

not a lot to say but compliments to the chef . great hotel visually the room which i think be just basic initiall before go there be more than basic . very comfortable with gold color plate throughout the bathroom fast high speed internet connection for about     per   catch a limo from the airport for   hong king dollars . great service as they be waitng for me as soon as i get out of immigration and find their desk . the room have plenty of refrigerate snack you have to pay for em ' the bathroom have a large tub kind of jacuzzi and a great shower . this be all first class and the price fits . the hotel have mediocre hospitality except the bell hops . they not expect a tip so not feel guilty if you not tip anything anywhere . the hotel miss my wake up call on my day of departure . the hotel have a bar inside with a live band which rocked . for you single guys gals easy to bring your catch from the bar up via the   floor mezzanine . the only negative i can say be about the bar because it have a lot of high dollar prostitute pretending acting like regular people hangin around on one side the bar and normal regular lady who not trust you because all the hooker on the other side . you can almost tell the difference . taxi 's be cheap as it can get to get to nearby attraction and suburbs . a good   minute + walk from the hotel will put you in the mainstream . i do n't like the food , but i do n't eat everything on the menu also . i bring with me beef jerky and energy bars to supplement . overall my personal rating be   out of   and be recommend for an easy choice

stay for two night on business in late february . the location be , in relative terms , in the middle of nowhere . it ‚ Ä ô s fine if you ‚ Ä ô re attend the convention centre , which be adjacent , but otherwise you ‚ Ä ô ll need a taxi to get around to central , etc . the lobby and public area be typical asian international hotel marble , chandelier , glitz and glamour ‚ Ä ì in my opinion a bit garish and dank . i check in late evening and it take a long time to find a room that be non smoking a hong kong colleague have warn me beforehand that the hotel be ‚ Ä ú smoke everywhere ‚ Ä ù and , indeed , in the lobby area there be smoke waft everywhere when i arrive   perhaps i be just unlucky . in the end i be send up with my luggage to a room which turn out to be ‚ Ä ì smoking . and it smell horrible . back downstairs with my luggage , it now head on for mid night and another wait while the reception staff member spend what seem like age tap into his keyboard . eventually i get a non smoking room , feeling tired and disappoint that my preference be always clear on the hyatt website . the room be fine but unspectacular . it do have a full harbour view , for which my company be force to pay a hefty premium , but be quite small compare with , say , the conrad or original mandarin oriental , and lots of odd little cupboard and switch , supposedly to make the place seem interesting , but just a bit frustrate from my point of view . the bathroom be liberace over the top marble , mirror and gold taps , etc ‚ Ä ì all clean but , again , all a bit garish to my taste . breakfast just off the lobby area be fine , but i seem to confuse the chef who be stock up the buffet by ask for a ‚ Ä ú mix omelette ‚ Ä ù i get one via a waiter in the end , it take quite some time to arrive but be ok to taste . so , overall , a good enough hotel , that charge high rates , have lots of glitz , but little character or anything to dofferentiate itself , and the rooms and service be merely average by hong kong standards . i ‚ Ä ô would return to somewhere more central next time

stay here have come from the grand hyatt in shangahai , what a great hotel . impressive visually , good service , nice rooms , good restaurant , well locate overlook the harbour and a couple of minutes walk from the star ferry . and the singer in the champagne bar be a real doll

grand hyatt hong kong be one of the older grand hyatt hotel bangkok , jakarta , hk , taipei     seoul that be ambitiously conceptualize in the early   as grand hotels . these grand hyatts be easily identify by their magnificent atrium lobby   well appoint rooms   and superior health     recreation facility with large free form pool . however , at the turn of the century , the trend have shift towards minimalism     contemporary design , which be quickly adopt by newer grand hyatts shanghai , beijing and adapt by older grand hyatts

stay for   night over xmas . use point to upgrade to the club floor . no change in the rooms at all as far as i could see but the club lounge be a real boon . just a really nice relax space with a great view of the harbour . extensive breakfast buffet and just as substantial in the evening . staff be helpful and attentive . we enjoy it too much and rather waste the book to the one harbour road chinese restaurant . we 'd only intend catch a drink before the restaurant but be sate by the time we get down there . really you would n't need anything but the lounge

i travel to hong kong often and have sample both the peninsula and island shangi la , which along with the grand hyatt , i would have to argue constitute the three best hotel in hong kong , but i continue to come back to the grand hyatt

have travel overnight from the uk to hong kong , we be meet at the airport by one of the hotel limo , and whisk to the hotel on hong kong island . we be greet on the steps and take straight up to the plateau spa reception . as we have arrive in the morning , our room deluxe with terrace be n't ready , and so we be give another plateau room to make full use of   totally unexpected ! we get the key for our own room at lunchtime , and it be stunning   very large by hk standard , terrace overlook the harbour , and fabulous wet room incorporate a granite whirlpool bath . top class bathroom product   from the australian company aesop . the room rate include a great 'healthy ' breakfast ie no fry up ! in the spa garden , and also cocktail and canape in the evening . the concierge service provide at the plateau reception be also top notch   lots of help choose and book restaurant etc . you must go to aqua kowloon for drink and dinner   it 's locate at the top of a highrise , with fab view back across to hk island . indochine hk island be also great if you like vietnamese food . back at the hotel , the swim pool and surround deck be expansive , and the hotel 's 'one harbour road ' restuarant serve excellent and authentic chinese food . despite what alot of people say , we find no issue with the hotel location   less than   minutes walk to the star ferry terminal , and not much further to the mtr station . all in all a fantastic few days , and one i look forward to repeat very soon !

after stay in many top hotel in hk this be my first trip to the grand

my husband and i spend   night at the plateau spa in the grand hyatt , hong kong for our honeymoon in june   the location be perfect , the service be impeccable , the rooms be amazing , clean , and modern see photo , and the food be fantastic . ca n't imagine have stay in a tiny room at the insanely touristy peninsula across the river we visit for tea and it be a mob scene . i highly recommend the plateau spa at the grand hyatt for an unforgettable experience

i have stay at this hotel for a week every year since   it just keep go down hill . the service be now appalling . i be give a smoking room when i check in , when i have explicitly ask for a non smoking room . so they ask me to stay in the smoking room one night and move me the next day . i have ask for an adjoin room for the kid who be join me a couple of days later . when the kid arrive , the adjoin room have already be 'released ' to another guest and they offer a room a couple of door down . when i nix that , they suggest i move yet again . when they move me , i realize the rooms they give me be smoking rooms

we stay at the ghhk for   days earlier this month and it be a great experience . the hotel be by no mean cheap , however ask about corporate discount when you book . we do n't get one , but our travel companion do get a reduction in their room rate because of a company affiliation

a solid business hotel   i stay there relatively often . the service be very responsive and the room have useful amenities , good pillow and a comfy bed . lovely lounge singer with her bass and piano colleague in the champagne bar do diana krall so well   

we stay at the grand hyatt for   nites , end october . what impress me be the level of service they have right from the doorstep the valets porters concierge recepton and even to the restaurant staff 's service . excellent service and always with a smile ! and the housekeep be meticulous and generous

