i stay at this hotel for   night because of its location and low prices . we be able to get rooms for about     while many hotel be sell out or at     + + a night . this hotel be not half as bad as the review say . no , it do not     smell of urine    as indicate by one of the previous reviews . i think that it be pretty clean . the lobby be large and have a few couch for waiting . we try to check in early at noon and the rooms be not available , but the staff let us stow our luggage and go out to explore the city while we wait for the rooms to be ready . eventually they be ready by   , and we be allow to check in early and be upgrade to an executive non smoking room . the hotel be implement a     smile campaign    and all of the staff be extremely helpful . they bring up our check luggage to the room after we check in . i do find the english of the registration staff a little bit difficult to understand

it be a short notice trip so i decide to book a hotel room in guangdong hotel for myself , my wife and her   year old niece

we stay   night at the guangdong hotel , it be everything a busy tourist need , great location , great price , crisp clean sheet , icy air condition and lots of pipe hot water after a long day out on the town

on our way back from bali we take a short break in hong kong for   days for shopping and get a glimpse of this mega city with my family . we be tell to stay close to nathan street if we want to shop and hotel guangdong be suggest to us by our travel agent

the room be okay though it be kinda small you do n't need a big room since you 're always out accommodate and nice people . the hotel be close to the mtr station and other shopping place

would agree with some of the other comment viz . good location , hard bed , small room , entrance down a sidestreet . we be there on new year 's eve and the be a noisy nightclub on the opposite side of the street . the bathroom be in need of an upgrade and be the worst of those experience during our visit to hk , oz and nz . go for the 'continental breakfast ' in the restaurant and after have   piece of toast i be tell in no uncertain terms by a rather brusque lady that we be only allow   piece per person ! ! stay for   night with   people in the room and be very cramp but have expect this .   min . walk to the star ferry pier

the hotel be in an excellent location rooms be small but then hong kong hotel have small rooms there be lots of indian as well as other restaurant   and tube mtr be practically next door a very good location to stay in

we will never stay in this hotel again ! ! !

i have a love hate relationship with hongkong . the night life be very vibrant and i love it    you get a beautiful range of local to high end food products

the location be good and things like small room , hard bed   well , you get what you get for this price . no complaint there , but a coffee sachet would not hurt

i be stay at guangdong hotel locate at tst . this be my   time to hk , i be shock when i see the hotel be locate directly at the side of a road . i suppose it be normal in hk . the room size be slightly small but not too bad . the location be quite good as it easily accessible to tst mtr station and many shop and eatery around . i see the some website rate the hotel as   stars . hmm   i think it should be   star only

this hotel be locate right near nathan and canton rds which be the main shopping area of hk . it 's also right beside an area full of restaurant and bars , not far from the ferry or the airoport express train terminal etc

this be not one of the best hotel i have stay in but for the price and location it be definitely good enough

we be never go back to gdh

the guangdong hotel be a business class hotel with bland decoration but with a comfortable environment . the rooms be a good size but we struggle fitting in two large rucksack so they wouldn â € ™ t get in the way . the bed be very , very hard but we be use to fairly hard bed so we be ok . a tv be in the room with many channels with only some in english but a desk and power point be provide for use , with good light throughout the room . the hotel be very clean with little clutter

we book the room through a travel agency as part of a total package . the agency staff tell us the hotel be refurbish not too long and comfortable for leisure stay . in fact , we have to pay slightly more for this hotel

be there from       dec . have the normal double room . be surprise at the size wen i get in the room . it be spacious ! ! location be near to tst mtr exit   it 's less than   min walk to the station . there be about   clubs pubs across the hotel . staff service be reasonably     ok    . love the location and the room and that 's about it . you can get your breakfast directly opposite the hotel . it the standard teahouse in hong kong which serve good cheap food . there be also a restaurant on the leave of the hotel . just turn leave when you be out and you can see the sign of the restaurant . the place start at   for their dim sums . try it ! there 's   and k mart along the same street . you have everything here . granville be just   street behind

this hotel be perfectly locate in the heart of kowloon . it be close to the star ferry , subway , shopping , restaurant , the park , etc . the lobby be nice and clean , which be why it be always in the photos . the rooms be quite dirty . the carpet be filthy , and you will need to wear shoes in the room . it amaze me that management allow the rooms to stay like this . the bathroom have a drain that send the smell of sewage into the bathroom and sometimes into the room . i have to cover my nose . the bed be fine . the staff be not particularly friendly , but they do their job . no greet , no smile , just a look that say     what do you want ?     we enjoy be in the heart of hong kong , but would never stay in guangdong hotel again . spend a few more buck and stay someplace decent

my parent and i recently book this hotel through orbitz . we be give a rate of     hkd about     us for a room for three . by the time we arrive at the hotel , the rate have go up to     apparently , we have book a double room and there be a charge of     hkd for an additional bed . this be not make very clear on the orbitz website . we be not please with this increase , but keep the room anyway . six days later when we go to check out , the rate have go up to     they have double charge us for the extra bed . after about an hour of frustrate negotiation with the manager on duty , we be able to get our rate back down to     if it be n't for this hassle over our room rate , i would say this be a decent hotel . rooms be small and simple , but clean . our room need new carpet , though . the best sell point of this hotel be its location , right in the heart of tsim sha tsiu

i have stay here   times as i usually get a decent deal online . the rooms be smallish but bigger than the kowloon ramada which be tiny . two restaurant which i would n't recommend but be in the heart of kowloon you can step out the door and find anything you like . there 's a delifrance around the corner on chatham road which be great for breakfast and very inexpensive . nice enough lobby if you need to sit and wait for someone . there 's internet access in the business centre but you need to pay a bit for it . short walk to nathan road , subway mtr , pizza hut , kfc , mcd 's

this be not even the three star hotel . the staff be rude . the



i stay with family in   rooms in guongdong hotel . the hotel rooms be good and neat . this hotel attract more customer because of the convenient location , customer service and quality of the rooms . i will choose this hotel to stay next time as well . rating be above average . try it and you will feel happy . worth the money

our stay with guangdong hotel be great . we do not expect it to be as beautiful as it be consider the cheap price we pay for it . the people be nice , very accommodate and fluent in english . the toilet and bath be cool . i never expect to have an elegant bathtub in our room . the place be near shopping area and restaurant and mtrs as well . we feel safe walk in the street til dawn . we will surely recommend it to our friend and we will come back in the future

situate on the tsimshatsui , very convienemce place for shopping and there be best restraunts in hongkong .   minutes walk to subway station and there be airport shuttle bus just around the quarter . like other building in the area its hotel have over   floors . the breakfast be not include and that not make things worse because i find many chinese tea restaruants serve cantonese style breakfast around the corner and that 's cheaper than what it would cost in the

