stay at the harbour plaza for a weekend in april   a beautifully elagant entrance adorn with white marble . staff very friendly typically hk chinese . rooms be very clean with all the amenities one would expect in a hotel of this class . one nice touch to this room    a wooden hot tub on the extend balcony . ohh , and a view to die for ! ! no , not the fact that it overlook the ktr , but an unrestriced view over victoria harbour towards hk island . good ? you bet

stay here for   night at the end of a tour of china and the rooms be   as others have say   very small . however , it be a brief stay and the hotel be very smart with charming and helpful staff . the free regular shuttle bus service between this and their sister hotel just behind the peninsula hotel in kowloon be very useful and welcome altogether reccommended

we have come from trip to bangkok and siem reap arrange by a travel agent in manila . we end stay at poor hotel in those areas . fortunately , this hotel be suggest by a nephew who be familiar with hongkong . well , let me just say this be a very good decision

this be our first stop in an around the world trip . from the moment we walk in the door till the time we leave   days later the staff be kind and extremely helpful

i go to hongkong for a holiday with friends   and we be on a value for money package   so this hotel be a   star decent stay hotel but rooms be extremely small with no extra space to move other than just bed to be fit in room    although the buffet be lavish   ok for singles but not family standard

my wife and i state here for our   wed anniversary and be recommend by our travel agent who always find the best and we be not disappoint

the central place in hong kong make it easy to go to buzinesses , shopping and popular place in hong kong . you can enjoy chinese food of good quality in jianshatsui or go to mong kok quite easily

have just return from   night in hong kong , stay at the harbour plaza metropolis . can highly recommend this hotel as it be away from the madness of nathan road , however close enough by shuttle bus or mtr or taxi . excellent service from all staff , very please with one bedroom suite for   people separate kitchen , lounge dining room , separate bedroom , separate bathroom , shuttle bus to and from central kowloon always on time and easy to use , huge pool overlook harbour . buffet breakfast good value as plenty to eat , plus fresh and lots of variety   no need for lunch . try the chinese restaurant on level   of hotel   we think it be go to be expensive however have plenty to eat for a very reasonable price under a     . also for your laundry need , use the little shop directly on the leave at bottom of steps as you leave the hotel to enter the shopping mall   large pile of dirty clothes wash and fold for a     ! good view of harbour one of the reason to stay in hong kong from harbourview rooms from level   upwards

so , we get to hong kong to do some business in shenzhen , and we choose this hotel because it 's literally a   min walk to hong hum station , which connects hong kong with shenzhen , via the east rail line   min ride . the place be great , the hotel be very nice , big lobby , the staff be very helpful at all times

quite a distance from the shopping spots in hk but taxis and metro cheap once work out . shuttle bus will take you to sister hotel behind the peninsula hotel     that make the difference . grand reception area but room very small     basic   clean     modern . son come to visit   we could fit   in the room

get the club rooms as the cost of breakfast and drink well make up for it

stay for   night , club level  still small bedroom but adequate . rooms geneally not make up until   some attention to housekeep need around ceiling   cobweb and mould

it be a lovely hotel with great views . the rooms be a little small but very well presented . the hotel be not that convienantly locate but there be a shuttle service available . the shopping plaza be very upmarket but the food outlet offer good value for money

for some strange reason we be not allow to sit in the lounge area of the piano bar during the day,very weird . however that aside service be   class,the lunch smorgasbord be fantastic,the pool be great on the down side the cost of use the hotel laundry service be way over the top,we stay   days     end up use the laundry company in the attach shopping centre rooms be small but who holiday in hk to sit in the room,all in all we would highly recommend the hotel , the food court in the shopping centre be very good value,a major plus be the free mini bus to downtown kowloon

this hotel be very nice with large ritzy lobby , a range of restaurant , and a fabulous pool see lots of photo attach to people 's review . we stay for two night on our way home from europe . rooms be nice , but one morning there be a     cigarette and pickles    smell that upset my daughter . it be go when we come back from our day at dysneyland

i travel to hong kong to meet my mother , the hotel be fantastic and we thoroughly enjoy our stay here , the buffett breakfast be great a wide selection to suit any pallett ! ! ! staff all very friendly ! the room be keep clean and replenish everyday ! ! i room wasnt the biggest i have stay in,but be plenty for all we need ! ! the view be very good too ! ! it fit heaps of shopping bag without us trip over them ! ! ! there be a free shuttle bus to take you into tsim sha shui every   min and the walk there be only   minutes and be very pleassant , the closest mtr be hang hom and we use this frequently ! ! the pool be fab and the view from there be good too ! ! i would recommend this hotel and use it again myself !

this hotel have never fail to please , first class sevice in every department

the hotel 's location be really good as compare to others which be in city 's crowd places its have two view rooms harbour view and the city view the city view rooms also have great view with highway and tall apartment in front of the hotel

this hotel be slightly on the outskirts of kowloon , in what i would describe as a concrete jungle overlook the water . nothing apart from the train station and the mall be in walk distance , but luckily there be a free shuttle bus that run into the heart of kowloon every   minutes . the staff outside the hotel who arrange taxi 's and bus be very nice indeed

the hotel be good in general   good food , rooms small but clean good location convenient free shuttle from hotel to main attractions . the concierge extremely rude and of course not willing to help us , they recommend a sea food place that be absolutely horrible and bad . the staff i do n't know    if they be not well trainned or if it be the oriental culture but they do not know what customer service is . if you be willing to sacrifice service for an ok hotel then stay here but if you can afford a reputable name like intercontinental , sherato or marriot stay there . the swim pool be very nice and it have beautiful view from the harbour . too bad the staff make our impression of the hotel not that good

i stay here for   days in november   the staff where really helpful and you couldnt fault the service or quality of the rooms which where perfect if at times seem quite small   but hey ! its hong kong , every hotel room be small . on the side of the hotel there be the metropolish mall which be really convieniant for food drinks or just general shopping that you require and the hotel be fine with you take them back to your room

harbour plaza be situate right next to hong kong coliseum and the main train station in hunghom area which connects you to any part of hongkong or even shenzhen , china . so you will not have any problem find your way back if its your first time in here

we spend five night here over easter   with our   child   and   . when we arrive there be an immediate mix up with our book of course there be but it be our travel agent 's fault he have book interconnect rooms for the kid but they do n't actually exist at this hotel . nevertheless the wonderful staff upgrade us to a suite at no extra charge which be truly great of them and save us a small fortune

the hotel be clean and relatively new and although not within walk distance from various typical attraction shopping , the hk convention and exhibition center , etc . , it have its perk , too . for example , and since we travel with a tour group , we be always the last to be pick up a little extra sleep ! and the first to be drop off great after a looong day ! during outing to ocean park , hk disney , etc . all the guest in the tour bus who be guest of the other hotel totally envy us . it 's also close to the mtr station that 's to travel to shenzhen mainland china and there 's a huge auditorium close by we contemplate on watch a foreign act that be visit hong kong that time . there 's also a shopping mall connect to the hotel which be great for last minute shopping and for inexpensive dine

the rooms be small but i understand that be the way hong kong hotel be but just enough for a good night 's sleep

excellent hotel . i will remember the harbour plaza metropolis for long . staff be really friendly . from the swim pool you have an amazing view of the sea . the room be really clean and the bathroom reflect a typical   star hotel bathroom

we stay at this hotel for two night on our way back from   days in bali . unfortunately we do n't arrive at the hotel until after   at night and really just want to sleep . we therefore only really have one whole day and night to explore hong kong . on our arrival we be ask if we would like to upgrade to a superior room suite and also if we would like to be allow access to the club lounge which be on the   floor and which have an outdoor terrace and where you can also have breakfast and happy hour which , so we be tell include free snack and cocktails . both these upgrade cost a total of Â £   the happy hour cocktail consist of red or white wine and beer ! ! the snack be quite tasty but i have have better . there be free internet access in the club lounge but only for   minutes at a time . the view from the terrace and the club lounge be amazing . our upgrade room suite be very nice , but really as we be only there a short time we do n't have the opportunity to make use of the space which include lounge , kitchen , bedroom and bathroom . the suite be keep very clean and the view be fantastic . breakfast in the club lounge be very good , the scambled eggs be cook to perfection and there be a good choice . this however be the only meal we have in the hotel . there be a swim pool picture attach but we do n't have time to try it . smoking be not permit anywhere in the hotel although you can smoke outside on the terrace . the club lounge close at  

this be a very nice hotel . it be locate right next to hong hom train station . very nice swim pool . the best burger we have find in hong kong . rooms be small , but nice . really cozy beds . great , and fast check in . friendly staff

this hotel be a   minutes away from the main area , but there be a shuttle bus run every   minutes which be perfect . the rooms be small but clean and quiet . hotel pool nice and there be a good gym

we stay at the harbour plaza metropolis in february   and would highly recommend it . the location be fantastic . it 's far enough away from the hussle and bussle of nathan road . but you 're only a   minute shuttle bus ride from there anyway . the free shuttle bus service be great . we never have to wait more than a couple of minutes for the bus to arrive . the bus drop you off at the metropolis 's sister hotel just off nathan road . there be a pretty good view of victoria harbour and the symphony of light show from our room . the room we have book be a     superior one bedroom suite    but when we get to the room we realise that we have actually be upgrade to a     deluxe harbour view suite    . this may have be because i email the hotel to confirm our reservation before we arrive and request a room with a harbour view and a bath for our toddler and i do n't think the     superior one bedroom suites    have baths . either way needle to say we be stoke ! the pool be also very nice and great for kid ! the only thing i can complain about be that the in room broadband internet be really expensive   hk     per day ! but all in all a great hotel to retreat to after days of trek around hong kong

we have just return from a great   day stay in hong kong

arrive in the evening followwing a flight from europe ,a warm welcome from reception , rooms and key ready . room with double bed be clean and spacious with key operate light , clean bathroom , fairly well sound proof room . reasonable view of harbour area and pool below . be careful of internet charge , unlike most hotel even when you choose the   hr option the hotel system do not switch off and automatically charge you for another   after the first cycle have end . thankfully the hotel staff alter my bill when i complained room service be good i only wait   minutes for my order ,the bar be ok but a bit small for such a large hotel maybe there be more than one ! but the staff be very attentive and friendly

book through travel agent at   be offer upgrade to executive club upon check in for   it be definitely worth it as it include the usual club floor benefit breakfast , happy hours ,   daily piece of laundry , free wireless in the lounge , extra bath amenities but the best of it be the view from the top and the terrace overlook the victoria harbour . breathtaking view of hong kong and top notch service

while the hotel have the appearance of a nice and large scale establishment , the location be isolate , next to the hub of large scale funeral home , inconvenient from the train line the metro exit be confusing and badly mark from multiple platform . most taxi driver do not know how to get to the hotel . worst still , the local have never hear of it ! while the room be okay the chair be break ! , upon check in i pre paid from the u .s . already , the hotel staff try for   minutes to sell me another room with different feature ! upon arrival , and have be on the plane for almost   hours , the last thing i need to listen to be     sales pitch    . this hotel be not suitable for north america visitor , it be cater to mainland chinese tourists . the hotel continuously sell     dining    experiences . the spa in the hotel be overcharge by at least five times of other local hotel ! the mall next door have     homeless    people live there , beware to walk there before say   in the morning before the shop open ! for the price , it be not worth it at all . you be much better off stay in a local ymca with nearly half the costs

nice hotel if out of the main area , only beef be rooms be tiny , we be offer upgrade at Â £   a night which be a bit steep . mini bus to and from hotel operate well , but if you walk back from centre it be quite a hike because of one way system , although this hotel be ok we would not use it again because of location,and room size

first time stay at this hotel and be very pleasantly surprised . the hotel be right next to the railway station for train into china shenzhen and guangzhou , for example , as well as the mtr station . the hotel also offer fantastic free shuttle bus service to the kowloon hotel in tst every   minutes sharp . there be also easy access to the promenade walk along the coast if you 'd like some exercise   it will take you to the avenue of the star in only about   minutes walk time brisk but not run . i also enjoy the use of the gym and pool jacuzzi . the rooms be small , but this be par for hong kong hotel in general so you need to simply accept that . mcdonald 's cafe at the train station . also the metropolis mall be next door , where there be restaurant and grocery store by the way , the rooms come with a kitchenette set up with refrigerator and microwave and stove top so you can save some money if you like to cook for yourself . the hotel also have its own lavish restaurant but expect to pay hotel restaurant price   i am sure the quality be superb . very courteous staff and very good service . they be do some renovation on a few rooms currently , so i 'd call email ahead and stipulate you do n't want to be near these rooms if you plan on spending any time in your room during the day typically around the   timeframe there be a lot of loud drill in these being worked on rooms   if you have meetings sightseeing during the day you wo n't even notice as for sure there be no drill go on in the evenings . i will definitely stay here again

i stay at harbour plaza metropolis for   night in january . i do n't plan to stay there but it be book for me at a very good rate , under     hk with breakfast and semi harbour view

stay at the harbour plaza in kowloon in january for   days travel with virgin [ very good ] . the hotel be excellent the bonus be it be situate a few minutes from the madness of downtown kowloon . we upgrade on arrival to harbour view room with balcony and hot tub , recommended . the rooms be a little on the small side but it do not detract from a most pleasant stay , excellent vary breakfast , eat out be whatever you want but visit the spice   food outlet in the hotel 's adjoin mall very good fusion food at reasonable price please note hong kong be a pricey short break destination . a visit to the art museum on kowloon be also recommend , would revisit but the jet lag be a killer

harbour plaza metropolis   hong

this hotel be really great and since we pay not much more than Â £   per night for a queen room , we be impress with the value for money . the only downside be the location , it be about a     minute walk to the main bit of kowloon . that could also be an advantage to be out of the hustle and bustle and the pollution . if you do n't mind walk a lot then this be a good hotel and an excellent price

harbour plaza metropolis have all the amenities of a   star hotel and be reasonably priced . heated pool , on site spa , well appointed but small rooms standard for this part of the world and great restaurants . location be decent right next to hong hom mtr station and they provide free shuttle service to middle st tsim sha tsui . there 's a pretty diverse crowd here , with few american , an assortment of european     a few japanese travelers . if you 're stay in kowloon or tst and be n't go to go all out ie intercontinental or peninsula this be a great choice

my wife and i have twice this year be to australia and use hong kong as a stop over , and on all previous occassions have stay at the harbour plaza ~ wish we have again ~ but feel another hotel in same group be worth a try and a different experience

my husband give me a wonderful mother 's day gift , a trip to hong kong , without the kid ! ! our first time away together in a long time

great location . hotel be clean and be   minutes from the hustle and bustle of hongkong . if you want some quietness this be the place to be . rooms be cramped hotel sit on top of a shopping center and be close to the train terminal for those of you go to mainland china . the hotel operate a regular shuttle to one of its other property on the kowloon side of hongkong

i really like the hotel . nice , modern , good breakfast , very good swim pool , wonderful view at night . next to the train station and with free transfer to the city centre . rooms be kind of small but nevertheless i think this hotel be a very good choice

my husband and i stay at the harbour plaza metropolis in kowloon for   night in mid september   the hotel be an excellent place for a long stay as it 's away from the hustle and bustle of the nathan road precinct

locate in hang hom on the kowloon mainland side of hong kong , this hotel be   minute walk from the hang hom train station , and   minute walk from the star ferry to wanchai , central , and north point . it be a five minute taxi ride to tsim sha tsui . if all this mean nothing to you , then the bottom line be that it be very well situate near main transport links , so it make a good base . rooms be spacious by hong kong standard , and some have basic cooking facilities . there be a really excellent buffet dinner in the restaurant every night , with somthing to suit every taste . the hotel have everything the business traveller need comfy bed , room service , choice of restaurant , great access to onward travel . it be clean , modern , and represent good value for money . if you be travel onwards by train to china , it be in the absolutely best location , because the train to dungguan and guangzhou leave from the adjacent station

it be always a dream to go to hong kong and we certainly be not disappointed . it be a magical city . the hotel be first class too . friendly staff , excellent facility and good food both from room service and in the restaurant . rooms be very clean and anything we require we got . very good shuttle service into kowloom too . would definitely stay here again

we stay in hong kong in february   for a week . this be our first time in hong kong       week might be perhaps too long . receptionist be not friendly on our arrival , we have book our holiday with virgin     have request smoking room with balcony . first that room be n't available , then no smoking room be available , so they put us in a room     head receptionist say we should have a cigarette in the bathroom if we want to . room be quite small as everybody say , but big enough for people who do n't spend much time there . windows ca n't be open so even though we come back after a day out to a clean room even with the air con it smell of cigarettes . room service be good , as we be disapointed with hong kong chinese food every meat have a chewy skin on so we have dinner at the room . the breakfast be good choice of european , chinese     british breakfast , so we make most of it . we only have   dinner at the hotel restaurant as it be n't the best food     quite over priced . there be another chinese restaurant in the hotel complex behind the shop , which be ok , but not to our taste again

the metropolis be a fantastic hotel to stay at . the one bedroom superior suite be huge and include a full kitchen . great air conditioning in the rooms too

we go to hong kong for my mum 's   birthday . we surprise her with an impromtu getaway to the far east . she do n't know where we be go until we get to heathrow . it be important to get the holiday just right to ensure she have a good time for her birthday . as it be a family holiday we want to stay somewhere that be appropriate for two senior citizen sorry folks ! and two younger twenty somethings . after scour expedia , harbour plaza metropolis seem to be the best option . i be very happy with our decision . situate in hang hom in kowloon , the hotel offer spectactular view of hong kong island . some people have gripe that their rooms do n't offer them a great view , ours do n't either but if you be to take a two minute walk down to the hotel entrance you be treat to a magnificent view of the hong kong skyline , especially vibrant during the nightly light show of laser and neon across the harbour . and in my opinion , if you be judge a city break from your hotel room instead of out in the mix of things , you 're not get the most of your trip

i stay here for a week with my family in june   we choose the harbour plaza metropolis base on the good review it previously have and its overall rating . we stay in a side harbour view room and whilst the 'side harbour view ' be n't the main one , we do n't mind as we be n't there to stay in our room

stay here as part of mercury direct global tour . easy to travel from airport to hotel and check in be fast slight problem over book re  breakfast but be sort the following day be offer room upgrade to suit as holel not full then get free upgrade to harbour view with a nice view of the pool which be busy from early  late . breakfast buffet with lots of choice and some friendly staff pleasent walk along the harbour to tourist center and ferry easy and cheap to find must see attraction although local be very loud always seem to be shout and personal space be limited in restaraunts,bars and

myself and my friend stay here for   night in august in our first trip to hong kong . we get an excellent deal     we book a twin room with breakfast include

upon arrive at the assign room , it have not yet be cleaned . there be half finished cup of cup o noodles and other trash in room

this be my second time in hong kong and this time , i want to stay in kowloon . and quite honestly , i accidentally book this hotel instead of the harbour plaza hotel , which be much nicer than this one . this hotel , although closer to the star ferry and tsim sha tsui the central shopping and entertainment area of kowloon , it 's not that exciting . the rooms be on the small side , the decor be rather pedestrian and the food be a bit overprice for what you get . tip   for food that be less expensive , go to the metropolis mall which be locate on the ground floor of the hotel in the lobby . the view be not all that great either since there be quite of few tall building that obstruct your view . it be not really an area in which you can really walk around to absorb the culture and be locate next to the hang hom train station    but it 's not the mtr station that you can take to central . the save grace be that they have a free shuttle bus every   minutes to take you to their sister hotel , the kowloon hotel in the heart of tsim sha tsui . however , the price be right . pretty inexpensive for hong kong . have an okay gym and the pool be good to look at the harbor . it 's a bit of a snore but if you 're on a budget , you get your money 's worth

overall be a good hotel to stay . i stay for   days during my business trip to hk . the room be clean but small . a typical hotel room in hk . i have a side window view of the harbour . can see the light performance at   , but with limited view

we stay at this hotel for   nights . the rooms be adequate if a little small . they be clean daily , but you be only allow   tea     coffee sachet , so once my husband     i have a cup of tea that be our daily allowance go for the day ! the shuttle bus run every   min in and out of nathan road , so you never have to wait around for any length of time . the gym be okay , but get very crowd , so it can be difficult to get to use any of the equipment . the pool be nice , but if you want to sunbathe after   be forget about get a lounger as they 'll all be taken . breakast be by and far the biggest disappointment . the food be fine , but no matter what time you go it be always very , very busy . all the table be squash in together , and there be so many that one morning i could n't find my table and another guest   who i 'd never see before   have to point me in the right direction . most morning , if we even get offer a cup of tea , i have to go and get any refill as no one be interested in serve you , once i even have to get our cup   however they could always find you to sign the bill ! !

spend   days at this amazing hotel . i be a little unsure as i have read comment about small room and distance from city but find nothing to worry about . the hotel be almost resort class , magnificent pool , poolside service , lounge area top class restaurant and view and a free shuttle service to nathan road . the hotel be a quite oasis from the noise and bustle of hong kong . we be upgrade to the club floor but without any of the priviliges as all rooms be booked . the room be large enougfh for two , magnificent harbour view and the best bed we have ever have in a hotel   it be a side harbour view room and the one on lower floor be exactly the same . breakfast be magnificent as be the dinner buffet . room service be inexpensive and fast . beer in the inroom mini bar be around aud   a can but we get     off to     cheapest mini bar i have ever see ! cool drink around     supermarket in adjoin shopping plaza stocks everything you could possibly need at great prices . the shuttle be efficient and fast although at only hkd   a taxi to nathan road be a good option . one tip though when come back to the hotel always stipulate hang hom before you say the hotel name as there be many harbour plaza 's it seems . all in all i couldnt recommend this place enough . friendly staff and exceptional service make it a home away from home

my husband have happily stay several times at the harbour metropolis for business so when i decide to fly over for my first visit to hong kong at the end of a busines trip for him , he choose this hotel for my stay . we get a suite with a harbour view and frankly i could have spend the whole trip in a chair pull up to the window watch the harbour ! ! the rooms be average , middle of the road not luxurious but clean and comfortable . but the view be spectacular ! one night we watch the harbour light show from our windows and it be a sight i wo n't soon forget

the harbour plaza metropolis be so much better than we expected . think it be go to be too out of the way after read report after we book , but we find it so easy to get around , fast , safe and easy , especially have the mtr station so close . if it be rain you would not even get wet , as you walk straight through the mall connect to hotel and the over road walkway to mtr be enclose

we pay for upgrade as be offerred as soon as we get there pay extra     au for   nighs beautiful apartment have separate kitchen and bedroom and lounge room great view of

what an amazing hotel ! i ca n't recommend this place enough . firstly , the rooms be fabulous   incredibly spacious and the most comfortable bed i have ever sleep in ! we stay on the club floor   if possible ask if you can upgrade to this . the rroms be the same as the other floor but you get access to the club lounge which free drink hot all day , and a 'happy hour ' each evening where they lie on a lovely buffet and all drink be free   worth a lot in a quite expensive city . you can go there for your breakfast too though it 's worth make the short trip down to the buffet restaurant for that as the selection be better

stay at this hotel last october purely due to the review in here , and we be not at all disappointed . the hotel be well locate with the train station right across the street . the hotel itself be very clean spacious and friendly . the manager let us have our room until   on the day of departure so we be able to get freshen up before our flight home

my wife ,   Â ½ old son and i recently spend   week at the harbour plaza metropolis during march   and find the hotel to be great

love this hotel everyone be very polite , mall and food court attach and very close to mtr    

i stay one night in the harbour plaza metropolis at the end of a week 's business in shenzhen . the room be book by the company i be work for , and some of the review here lead me to believe it might not be a pleasant stay . i can only say that my experience be excellent and i can recommend the hotel unreservedly

i stay at this hotel for five days last week and all i can say be if you have any other choice in hong kong , then take it ! it start off badly   you cant check in before   , so if you have an overnight flight and arrive at the hotel to want to take a much deserve nap , you will be tell to come back after   at the earliest

i have stay at the harbour plaza several times over the past few month whilst travel on business around se asia . the location be excellent if you need to go to shenzhen in china just walk downstairs to hong hum station for the train and also for convenience kowloon side   allow   minutes to get to hong kong island . the room rates be much more reasonable here than in tsim sha tsui onj on the island and the overall quality of the hotel and service be much better

we have just return home from a five day trip for the chinese new year . we book our trip with virgin holiday and from start to finish there be nothing to complain about

my husband and i stay in this hotel every year when we visit hk in the past   years . we choose this hotel because it be new open   years and it be easy access to mtr with hotel shuttle bus and kcr rail . we book the hotel through qantas holiday , with bonus offer to upgrade side harbour view room and free breakfast at the club lounge on the top floor

con   tiny room . we be ok since we spend little time in the room . we book business package which come with breakfast . at check in , we be inform that only one breakfast be included . this seem odd give it be a double occupancy room with two bed

just return from   night at the harbour plaza metropolis hotel in hang hom , hong kong . not to be mistake for the harbour plaza hotel in hang hom the hotel be great . large reception area with plenty of staff

this hotel have it all for a good price . the rooms be a little small but very modern . the location be in kowloon and be easily walkable to the walkway of the star and really great shopping since the hotel be link to a mall . the internet be not free but affordable . the hotel offer a car service for about   us dollar which be easy and highly recommended . the breakfast buffet be amazing and also highly recommend

we be offer the harbour floor upgrade upon check in but i believe you can do it in advance it be about Â £   per night for a couple . as well as the buffet breakfast in the lounge on the   floor,free cocktail and hors d'oeuvres in the evening there be other perk like free papers , fruit in the bedroom and free internet in the lounge

stay   night at the end of a virgin holiday tour of china . read about the plaza club before depart uk and arrange an upgrade by e mail cost about Â £   per couple   more than offset by cost of breakfast     cocktail consume prior to arrival . view from the club patio at breakfast and for cocktail inc beer , wine be excellent but main benefit be that the hotel lack any real decent bar sitting out area in the main facility and the plaza lounge be a great place to relax before dinner and be also available for tea     coffee late afternoon . breakfast in the club lounge be very peaceful and avoids fight the rest of the guest down in the main facility . location be a bit out of it but the hotel shuttle be very efficient , run every   mnutes to from the centre of tst and close to the star ferry . we also walk one morning and it only take   minutes to get to the ferry and be a pleasant walk along the waterfront   handy shop mall next door for those last minute essential

the harbour plaza metropolis in hk be recommend to me on this forum , and i be so please i take this advice and stay there . i be pleasantly surprise on arrival , this be indeed a very nice hotel in hk   good   star standard and perfectly adequate and nice for a couple of night or longer stay . the staff on check in be polite , helpful , friendly , courteous and efficient . the room i have be quite small but perfectly comfortable and adequate . the breakfast serve buffet style be extensive , hot and cater for both chinese and western taste very well , but the most spectacular be the evening buffet dinner . what a feast ! this be very busy though , so you might need to book if you want to be sure to get in , but they have almost everything you could imagine for about   british pound   from steak , fish , chicken , pork , to lovely selection of salad , starter , chinese food , chocolate fountain , fresh crepe make to order and also souffle cook to perfection while you wait . overall   exceptional and would give this hotel   for everything . the only downside   well perhaps not really , be that it be a little out of the centre of hk , but there be a shuttle bus every   min which be never full and be just out of the centre mean i think it might actually be a bit quieter . this be no problem for us , also as taxis be so so cheap , travel around hk be really no problem at all

we find the hotel to have fast efficient service . rooms be a good size for hong kong . proximity to kcr railway , bus terminal plus shuttlebus do mitigate the location which be a tiny bit off the beaten path . but overall it be enjoyable . the harbour club upgrade be well worth the price , decent breakfast , use of internet , a few other freebie

locate opposite the spectacular hong kong skyline and close to all the shop and attraction

harbour plaza metropolis be quite well locate in hong hom at walk distance from tst . some rooms have great view on the harbour and the fantastic building of central and causeway bay but the hotel be , in general , not really good

we be really please with this hotel . very good service , and a good deal for a hotel of this quality in hong kong . it be true that the hotel be not     in the thick of things    , but it have a shuttle bus available , and it be perfect for those arrive or leave on the kowloon   canton railway . i plan to stay there again

very welcome hotel after a mega long transfer from prc . rooms be of a good size with luxurious bathrooms . becareful that if you have request non smoking room you get it . we realise too late . you do see the harbour from this hotel and very efficient front of house staff . food in the restaurant be absloute divine and although more expensive than the rest of our tour in the mainland still good value . we would like o mention dine staff who be superb in assist with surprise anniversary treat for one of our family group . recommend you try the mouth watering cake in the promenade cafe

this hotel be a very comfortable option for hong kong . the reception area be very grand and spacious , with excellent staff all around to help you . do not be put off by the number of people wait to be see by reception , as the staff be extremely quick and efficient . there be an excellent restaurant with a first class buffet ! , coffee shop and shopping area to the leave and right of reception

lovely hotel , good size room upgrade on arrival to partial view of hong kong harbor , but would advise not to accept an upgrade unless you can see both rooms , the extra cost may not be worth it   superb range of food for breakfast , an excellent din room . friendly helpful staff . would consider stay there again . convenient shuttle bus at door to nathan road and if you be out late taxis be cheap and easy to use . staff be very friendly . hotel could do better with a late checkout policy , have to pay for an extra day be a bit expensive if you have an evening flight . we stay here for   night before continue onto paris

the hotel be very clean , the rooms be very small , but i think this be the case in most hotel in hong kong ! you have to use the hotel shuttle to get to key point , which be very reliable and not really a hassle

when we get to this hotel we be ask if we want breakfast in the hotel we say yes     be ask if we want to upgrade to the executive louge on the   floor for   hk dollar for the   of us each night,this works out at about   english pound     well worth it as the wine     beer flow from       in the evening , also for this you can get coffee     tea any time of the day where they will also bring a couple of biscuit     chocolate each we stay for   days as a stop over to australia for our   wed annerversary     love hong kong     would recommend this hotel

i would recommend anyone to stay at the harbour plaza metropolis , it be absolutely fantastic ! my boyfriend and i stay there for   week and it could n't have be any better . admittedly the room be quite small , but to be honest it have everything you need and most of the time you 'll be out anyway ! the hotel staff be all very helpful and friendly , the room be spotless and the view from our room be amazing

this hotel fully live up to our expectations . we stay in a harbour view room de luxe for   night , and although slightly compact its hong kong ! it be more than adequate for our need if you be hope to spend prolong period of time in your room  you may feel different the rooms be clean , up to a good standard with a decent size bathroom . the view from the room be a little disappointing and we tend to look over roads as oppose to the actual harbour we be lucky enough to get use of the club lounge for breakfast include in package ,which be defantly worthwile do if you can because the view from this area be better than anywhere else in the hotel , plus the food and staff be excellent . the buffet that be available in the main restuarant every evening be a must have experience if you can afford Â £   to eat as much elaborate cuisine as you like . travel to and from the sister hotel be easy with the hotel shuttle bus run approx every   minutes from   the only downside of this hotel be defantely the hotel lobby area . its constantly busy , with very limited comfortable seat for people come and go , you therefore feel that you have no option but to go to the bar cafe resturant on check in and out

my fiance and i stay there for   days . we pick the hotel because of the review we read . it 's a bit off the drag but we enjoy it because we do n't like the noisy and crowd street of kowloon . we also find the free shuttle to be convenient . we could take as much trip without worry about the fare . we also like go to the nearby train station for breakfast . we love the service . there be times we 'd go back in the afternoon to rest and go out for dinner and would find our bed fix and towel change again . the night lamp would also be open upon our return . the staff be courteous and quick to deliver service . i also enjoy the food at the japanese restaurant in the hotel . it be a wonderful experience and i would recommend it to anyone who want a quiet hotel away from all the buzz

arrive from shanghai , where we get a very large and modern room mason hotel for half the rate at the metropolis immediately set the tone . the room at the metropolis be half the size

problem start at check in . the book be for a twin room , because i be travel with my teenage son , but we be allocate a double   they say there be no twins immediately available , we would have to stay in a junior suite for one night , then re pack and move the next day . after i protest , they say they would do the pack and move , but my antique gold wristwatch 'disappeared    in the process . they deny all responsibility , refuse compensation of any kind , and send a bully delegation of   man to my room to persuade me that it be my fault . priceless

this be a great hotel , top service . rooms great , maybe a bit on the small side , fantastic outdoors restaurant

we have just return from hong kong and stay at the harbour plaza metropolis and can not speak more highly of this hotel . the staff be fantastic and the hotel brilliant . we travel with two child and stay in a one bedroom apartment which be lovely and clean , well equip and spacious . the pool , restaurant and facility be fantastic . the hotel be not in the main 'drag ' but this suit us better and there be a free shuttle every   minutes to get to nathan road . i would definately recommend this hotel

location

overall a great hotel . great amenities . room be small but clean and comfortable . pool be gorgeous and perfect temperature   nice hot tub as well . you can order food from the hotel room service menu and enjoy a relax day by the pool if you need to get away from the busy street of hong kong

we just love our four night in a superior harbour view room . the service be absolutely excellent with no request be too much trouble . this hotel be a little off the main drag which prove to be sheer bliss after return from the unbelievable noise , light and crowd of downtown kowloon . this hotel have the most relax , spacious and spotless rooftop pool   a real treat to recharge batteries . we even receive a complimentary massage and because we stay four night also enjoy the wonderful complimentary breakfast . the al la carte menu in their promenade restaurant finish up become a favorite restaurant   huge choice and every dish delicious . we usually avoid eat in hotel restaurant . although the rooms be typical of hong kong in be small , the wardrobes and bathroom be spacious with the best shower we have ever enjoyed . this be a great value hotel with very comfortable bed and pillow , spotlessly clean and very conducive to enjoy a lovely blissful night sleep

the hotel have huge public area , enormous reception block , restaurant , but incredible small rooms . have never see anything like it . no place to even put my suitcase . and i could literally not sit behind my desk without touch my bed

this be our second visit in hongkong i be amaze with our hotel this time . my family     i spend   night at harvour plaza metropolis it 's like home away from home . we have the family suite locate at   floor , with well equipt kitchen , live room w  tv ,   bedroom w  tv and harvourview on the window , nice and clean bathroom and nothingelse i could think off total rating   excellent        all the staff be very helpful especially the chinese guy name john everytime we wait for the shuttle his always there greet us and give some instructions where to go , how to get there , where be the good place to see , where to shop   etc

when we check in be tell we be be upgrade to a harbour view room . we then find out that it be a smoking room . the room itself have a really poor view of the harbour , so we ask not to be upgrade , just provide with the non smoking room which we have book , to be tell there be non available . the whole floor be smoking and it be really unpleasant . i wish i have be more insistent and would encourage others to be

good hotel , have swim pool , worth upgrade to the harbour club on arrival as the breakfast be free with that . a shuttle bus run from the airport train to the hotel and the bus provide transport down in to kowloon . book through virgin and get it or Â £   for   people room only per night so be happy with the value

my husband and i stay at the harbour plaza metropolis hong kong last year . this be our first trip to hong kong and we be very impress with the convenient location . the hotel provide a free shuttle bus service for their guest , depart every   between   and   every morning we take this shuttle bus into the heart of kowloon 's busy city centre , which be only a   drive away

we stay at this hotel for a few night after a tour of china . we find the hotel to be excellent from the start , we upgrade to the top floor , which they call the     harbour club    where you get a guarantee view overlook the harbour . it be great to be lie in bed and watch the star ferry come and going . the upgrade include breakfast in the harbour lounge , again on the top floor , and comprise of a buffet which you help yourself to . the harbour club also include drink and light refreshment each afternoon for a few hours , the outdoor terrace be superb and offer fantastic view of the hong kong skyline and the harbour below , so an ideal spot to enjoy a glass of wine or a beer . the hotel be n't locate in the heart of hong kong , but an excellent free shuttle bus service run frequently between the hotel and nathan road , a short walk from the penninsula hotel and the star ferry dock , and right outside a metro station . if we be ever fortunate enough to return to hong kong , then this hotel will be top of the list of place to stay

great hotel

the hotel be coveniently locate opposite the hang hom train stations , with train come from and leave for the chinese mainland . we arrive by train from guangzhou and immediately see the hotel from the train terminal . but then    how to get to the lobby ? no indication for pedestrian , so we take the risk and walk over the windy fly over for taxi 's later we find out that you could enter through the shopping mall   a strange way of enter a hotel

we stay at the harbour plaza metropolis from dec   to jan   and find it overall a pleasant experience . we book a suite because we have   small child age         . i must admit i be a little worry because of some of the negative review post on this website . when we check in , we be upgrade to the harbourview floor with a beautiful view of the victoria harbour and that be a nice beginning of the stay . the suite be spacious and clean , the kitchen well equipped . i do find the hair dryer in the writing desk , a somewhat odd location . there be no bathtub but a nice shower stall that do cause some problem with my younger daughter since she hate shower . house keep be efficient , but room service could improve a bit . however , every person we encounter at the hotel be friendly and helpful , it do not matter that we be chinese speak tourist , the conciege be extremely helpful and efficient . the mall attach to the hotel be very convenient , there be a laundry service at the mall which open every day include x'mas and new year day with express service and at reasonable price , they even deliver to the hotel and that be a great plus . we eat at a couple of restaurant at the mall and they be ok

we arrive at the hotel at   in the morning to a very disorganise front desk it take along time to book in for very few people wait

we just return home after stay   night at the harbour plaza metropolis

stay in this hotel for three week while on business . the rooms be extremely small , i feel really claustrophobic while in them . i could literally touch the television and desk with my toe while lie on the bed . there also seem to be a lot of dust in the room and there be this weird smell in the closets . it smell almost as if someone leave their stinky shoes in there and it never air out . well , i have to put up with this smell for three weeks . i do everything possible to get rid of it â € ¦ i buy incense , room deodorizers but it would only mask the smell . anyway , in addition to that the room didn â € ™ t come equip with an iron which i think be extremely odd . you â € ™ would have to call housekeep to deliver an iron and board to your room only for them to whisk it away in the morning once they cleaned . additionally , some night i â € ™ would get a turndown service and others i wouldn â € ™ t . where â € ™ s the consistency ? i rather you either provide me a turndown service every night or none at all hey , you can â € ™ t miss what you never have . oh also , there be a weird drip come from the ceiling in the shower . at first i think it be perhaps condensation from the steam while i shower until i notice that the drip continue hours after i have showered . perhaps i just start to become a bit nit picky since i stay so long , but by the end of the third week i be ready to get out of there

the hotel itself be very clean and efficient . typical with most hotel it be very expensive to most local restaurant and bars . one of our evening meal for two cost over Â £   and we only have a bottle of wine and one other drink . the staff be friendly except the majority of the reception staff who could not be bother to do anything other than their direct duties . they have a shuttle bus which take you into town which be excellent cause you be quite a bit of out

we a group of   adult and one young child spend   night at the hp metropolis . on the night of our arrival , we realise that we have be give two rooms with twin bed , not adjoin , rather than double beds ok for adult but not for sharing with a baby we do mention that we be travel as a family unit with a young child and need adjoin rooms . point for the future   clearly specify that double bed be require , else rooms with twin bed may be allocate by default . what i find overall be that overall hotel reception be not particularly courteous and the concierge seeemed to be always in a hurry to hang up the phone or rush off instead of give us a proper hearing when ask for general direction around hong kong . f    b staff at the resaurant be ok . food option be good for non vegetarians we be vegetarian and so our option be limited . rooms on the   floor be very small . our rooms on the   floor which the hotel move us into the next day be better especially with baby luggage . the free shuttle service to tsim sha tsui etc be also useful and free shuttle to the airport express stations be also useful . we also find the proximity to the metropolis mall and the hang hom train station useful . overall service quality of the hotel staff need to be more pleasant . i would not stay there again for this reason

we stay at the harbour plaza for   night ! everything be so perfect   we book a side harbour room which have a more than partial view of the harbour , the room be spacious and very clean , the bathroom be very modern and have a fabulous shower , pool be a great size with a fab jacuzzi and great view of the harbour ! location be great right beside the train station   stop from mongkok and so easy to use   best for technology shopping and attach to a shopping centre ! they provide a free shuttle into nathon road and a taxi back be very cheap ! everything be perfect and i would definitely go back !

as always , it 's people , location and comfort that make a great hotel

at the end of a two week tour through china , be disappoint with this hotel . room be small to the point that the bell boy have difficulty in find a space to put our luggage . complaint to the night manager only result in the reply that all rooms be this size . the harbour view we request and pay extra for be extremely limited . complimentary water be only complimentary for the first night , from then on it be     per bottle . whilst staff be not unfriendly they be a little brusque at times and be reluctant to accomodate even the smallest of requests . have stay at several other hotel of equal stand in hong kong will not be add this one to my list

i love the location , accross the road from the train station and only   minutes from hussle and bussle of tsim tsa tui . the free hotel shuttle come every   minutes and always right on time . the hotel staff be fantastic , helpful and very friendly . the room be a bit small but very comfortable and the bathroom be georgeous and always very clean . i miss the exellent breakfast so much , the buffet and the veiw be equally brilliant . join to a   level shopping mall and mcdonalds the swim pool be big and beautiful too , a fully equipt gym and massage room what more could you want all in one hotel , my daughter and i love it i highly recomend the train ride to shang zen cost about hk     it be the best place to do your shopping plenty of shop and very very cheap , the train take you straight to the lo wu mall . we will definitly stay there again

hotel really good , everything we expect and more

we have just return from a week at the harbour plaza metropolis in hong kong . as other review have state   it be a lovely hotel   however the rooms be very very small

room small , with a nice feel and with all the necessary facilities . side harbour view not spectacular though present an ever change vista . as a tourist , the location be good . the hotel offer a shuttle bus service to tsim sha tsui , from where shopping , cultural and ferry services be readily available . this prove a real bonus for the way in which we could get about and familiarise ourselves with hong kong . we look at the map , ride on the train , bus and trams . we walk to many places . we even get lose

have just complete   days through china whereby our hotel be   * standard we be look forward to stay in a   * hotel . unfortunately the rooms be so small and functional that we do feel a little cheated . we also pay extra for a harbour view but half of the view be now take up by a recently complete building . we have breakfast and dinner which be both very good , along with the service . there be a frequent bus shuttle service to the centre of kowloon

on our outbound and later inbound between europe and australia , we have the

stay for   night on a partial harbour view room which be bigger than some hotel in kowloon . location be good if you prefer to stay away from the noise and crowd in nathan road and the shuttle services be an add advantage

