arrive at the harbour plaza north point have think i have book the harbour plaza ! be carfeful not to get them mix up . the latter have a roof top infinity pool that we particularly want to see   

spend quite a bit of time at the hpnp on business , the rooms cover the essentails for a comfortable stay and the staff be polite enough . concierge and reception be very courteous and helpful . the downside be the room service menu , which be limited at best and the quality of in room food and room service be not go to win any award , poor view from many rooms unless you be on the top floor with a view of the ocean can also be frustrate for long stay , and the distance from the airport be no help . everything consider , if you do n't mind use the mtr a lot , it be a good medium value hotel

we book this hotel , know it be in an area away from     the tourist action    but choose it because it have suite at affordable price , which we want with a young child . we have a harbour view suite on the top harbour club floor . it be great , our toddler could sleep separately to us and he love to stand at the window and look out at the boat and traffic below . we get the buffet breakfast which i think have heaps of variety and be well worth it as we do n't need lunch on most days after stuff ourselves at breakfast . we also take advantage of the happy hour drink , fruit basket , mini bar drink and discount on hotel meal , that come with the harbour club although we have pay extra for this , but i think we get our monies worth . the only down side be that we be away from the action as there be n't any real shopping or tourist attraction in walk distance and the location be n't what you would really imagine hong kong to be like   there be certainly a buzz about kowloon and soho , that be miss around north point . however , we be a minute from the mtr station which take about   minutes to central . we buy an octopus card and use the mtr all around hong kong . apart from the many stairs at the mtr stations not pram friendly , this be a cheap and easy way to travel around hong kong . the staff at the hotel be extremely friendly and helpful and certainly put up with our overactive toddler . i think the hotel represent good value for money as a hotel with suite , but do n't choose it if you want to be in the action

my daughter     i stay   night at harbour plaza north point     be very happy with our choice of hotel . the staff be extreemly helpful     nothing be a trouble to them  the best concierge i have ever meet     kin    have a wonderful knowledge of local place     assist us with idea map     even which exit to use at the mtr his welcome smile     genuine attention give to all guest be very much appreciate by us the hotel restaurant have a buffet breakfast     dinner both reasonably price and delicious the cafe shop also have an excellent range of food in a more relax atmosphere the hotel have efficient security staff  the location make it very easy for us to access the mtr     the tram which run along the same street we purchase an octopus card     use it extensively on trains,trams     ferrys it prove very economical     be easy to use there be also a welcome shop directly opposite so snack be easy to come by the taxi fare from both stanley market     kowloon be under         the driver be very efficient  weather be around   with no humidity     shopping be excellent all in all a very pleasant short stay with good accomodation and friendly local

i stay here for   night and i be please with my room , the service of the reception and concierge staff , who be very helpful

we stay at the harbour plaza north point hotel for   week in oct   there be   of us travel , and one of the boy with us snore lots . so we book   rooms , one be a one bedroom suite with a sofa bed and one room be a single room with a kingsize bed . both rooms be very spacious . the one bedroom suite , have a kitchen area , with fridge , freezer , stave , microwave , dine table and seperate bedroom

we really enjoy our stay here , the rooms be spacious and clean , the service be lovely . we stay for   night and it be a great base to get around   quarry bay subway station be just across the road which be brilliant , as be a wellcome supermarket   very helpful with small children . the food be good that we eat there but we do tend to eat away from hotel for better prices . there be a cafe behind the wellcome which be brilliant and very authentic . the pool be lovely although be in the shade all the time mean it be n't all that warm

situate across the road from the quarry bay tube station , its very convenient . only   stop to times square . have small noodle house and support retail conveniences handy . entrance up the escalator to the lobby be weird , however like all asian hotel make sure you request a non smoking room when finalising . i be irritate when a member of the bar staff in the lobby not want me sit in the sofa as they want the space save for drinking guest   i tell her to go and annoy someone else

nice hotel with a pool in a good location near subway . reasonable price at summertime . very easy to get there from any direction by subway . a decent shop across the street . a good place to stay if you not need activity around the corner

we visit hong kong for   days and stay at harbour plaza north point which be recommeded by the travel agency . arrive the hotel after lunch and just take few minutes can check in the room . the room be spacious with nice harbour view  felt comfortable .

i come to hong kong to attend a trade exhibition at convention ctr . harbour plaza hotel be of excellent location , just one minute walk to the subway     quarry bay    station . reception staff be efficient , always offer extra assistance , with smile on face . housekeep staff be very friendly and honest . chinese restaurant with delicious food . i miss the outdoor swim pool , very good , very relax ! ! excellent . highly recommend this hotel . will stay here again in my next trip in october

it 's very convenient to go everywhere . the staff be very good and helpful . the rooms be clean and comfortable

a super location . we stay behind after business tripit be highly recommend for both come to hk for leisure or business . once we get out quarry bay mtr exit c station recommend by hotel web site , hotel name of harbour plaza north point be already in front of us . in fact , the hotel be only few steps away to mtr station and a supermarket , welcome be opposite to hotel as well . it be indeed a good choice of hotel if you like to explore hk by mtr . no worry , if you get off wrong exit , you can walk back to hotel within   minutes . try the tram tour tram station be outside the hotel , so convenience , hk     for a good ride from quarry bay to central . remember seat on upper deck to see more of hk . hotel also offer free shuttle bus to causeway bay , airport express line station , taikoo shing one of largest shopping centre in hk . hotel also provide free shuttle bus to exhibition     convention centre in fair period and free shuttle bus to taikoo fong commerical area . all these place can be easily access by mtr . if you be lazy , you can take free shuttle bus by the hotel to reach all these place

i stay at this hotel again and like before i be again so happy and please with my stay

this be my   stay at harbour plaza north point and yet again , i be very happy with my stay . the staff be very friendly and helpful , the rooms be clean and spacious , the location be slightly away from kowloon , but the metro station be a   walk which take you to the town center

this hotel be not bad and very good value , but it 's more than   stop on the metro to get anywhere near the centre , which be a bit of a pain . our room be fine , but have too much furniture in it , which block the adjoin door to our kid room and the wardrobe block the view of the mirror , so that make the room a bit cramped . the internet cost   euro per   hours . i get tired of upmarket hotel charge for internet use . the pool be nice . the concierge be helpful with tip on hong kong transport and maps . the metro station be   metre away , and so be numerous restaurant and cheap breakfast places . next time i 'll look for something a little bit closer to kowloon i think

we have a lovely stay at harbour plaza north point

we book this hotel through an online broker and get an excellent deal of   night for the price of   service be excellent , and upon checkin we be offer a   hkd per day upgrade to a club suite which give us both breakfast , internet access , unlimited minibar use free of charge and inclusive free drink in the bar from   until  

we stay   night in a   bedroom suite with kitchenette lounge       bathroom  sounds excessive , but with   kid   it be cheaper than get   rooms in other hotels . service be prompt     friendly once you get use to the swine flu mask ! , kid be welcome . the kitchenette be turn off , but housekeep will switch it on and supply crockery on request . mtr , tram and bus be all at the doorstep . hotel shuttle bus pick up from the airport express at hk station . the block the hotel be on be very quiet , presumably because there be a funeral parlour on the corner , but it all pick up again with lots of shop etc on the next block . not be superstitious , we find the funeral home fascinating amazing florist display and in the evening we see a few procession down to the harbour with paper car , house , costume etc to burn . classic hk  such a cool mix of the traditiional and the new . we eat locally at night good selection of cantonese , thai     japanese , though not always much english spoken,which make order fun , but very friendly . in the street in front of the mtr just behind the wellcome supermarket where you can get your laundry do cheaply be a good little bakery where the kid go every day to buy the best egg custard tarts . the view be largely of the office block infront , but you could see enough of the harbour to enjoy the boats . decor be pretty average , but this do n't bother us . pool be good when open , i think all outdoor pool in hk be require to close when there be thunderstorm warning as it be the same story at the other place we stay

i stay in the harbour plaza for   night     have a fantastic time . when i book , i book a superior city view room . my intention be to upgrade before we leave for hk but ala forgot ! upon arrival , we be offer an upgrade to a suite with harbour view for a fraction of the price we would have pay here . if you want to upgrade , hang on until you get there     see whats on offer i be so pleased . the suite which consist of a bedroom , bathroom , live room , dine area     kitchen be spotless     service twice a day . the hotel be literally a   min walk from the mtr with a local supermarket across the road . although there be not alot to do around the hotel , who care ! you have hong kong on your door step highly recommended . we will be back to hk some day     you guess it , we 'll be stay here

we stay for   night for a family holiday   and       and   , choose this hotel for the   bedroom apartment as it have a kitchenette dining table for extra space and also the pool which be hard to get in hk . there be plenty of space , kid have the sofa bed and a rollaway single and we still have plenty of room . the kitchen be good but ask for cutlery and crockery for breakfast and we eat a few takeaway dinner from some of the excellent noodle shop around the corner ! . we have a suite on   floor and have wonderful view of the harbour look over to kowloon   pool be fantatstic in june as it be very hot and humid so great for the kid and very quiet     only downside be they close it even if there be just a risk of a thunderstorm ! apartment be very clean , bathroom great with excellent shower and good amenities . it be really hard to think of any downside other than the very firm bed which we expect from other reviews      make sure you ask for the mattress top   housekeeping fit quickly for us on request    but it be still pretty hard      ! hotel be exceptionally quiet , friendly staff and the shuttle bus be a great service , clean fast and efficient . i recommend it as even though the mtr be so handy , you miss out on the street view and action    we all really enjoy this hotel . eat   dinner at the hoi yat heen restaurant on   floor   it be very good and quite reasonable prices . the restaurant in tsat tse mui street over the road toward mtr station be really good . the nice garden be excellent food and great service and excellent value    local laundry sammi 's on tsat tse mui be quick and cheap approx   for   bag   certainly cheaper than the hotel ! . north point be a good location ,   min to central but really quiet and be a real neighbourhood , it give a good experience of real hk , not touristy at all . all up , highly recommend and we will be back next time we stay in

i stay one night in this hotel with my   year old daughter after book it with hotels .com . we take the free shuttle from the central airport express stop   which be unbelievably easy and efficient . when we arrive at the hotel , the bell staff insist on take my one and only suitcase   which be , of course , not uncommon , but what i find annoy be that they never bring it to my room ! apparently i be suppose to go back to the bell hop desk after check in to reclaim my luggage . this seem to be the routine at another hong kong hotel we stay at later in our trip , but in all of my travel all over the u .s . , taiwan , mainland china , canada , etc . , etc . , i have not encounter this service routine . it be incredibly annoy to keep wait and wait for luggage that never come ! then when i go down to the bell hop desk , it take me several minutes to get their attention and then another couple of minutes to find my bag among the giant mountain of baggage

the hotel be good . except for the aircon in executive suite be very very high but overall the experience be okay if you ask me whether i 'd stay here again . i may but i will just reconsider not because of the hotel but due to personal reason its near a funeral home ! this be my personal view again this be purely independent

we stay in the harbour plaza over the chinese new year and be delight with the place . as others have say the metro be on the doorstep , our room have a harbour view admittedly through a gap in adjacent building but this be hong kong and the housekeep be the best i have ever have   nothing be miss , fresh fruit replace when use or past its best and everywhere properly clean over a   day period , and it be a major holiday period the staff be helpful , taxis be plentiful if you want a change from the metro and tram direct to central pass the door . the management arrange a lion dance on the morning of new year 's day and the whole atmosphere of the place be friendly and efficient . breakfast and bar service be also good . we have a family suite which be very reasonably price for hong kong and be spacious and well equipped . the cooking stuff in the kitchen be n't functional but there be a notice say it be intend for long stay guest but if you want it to work please ask . we do n't but be confident it would have be organise if need , though the big fridge which be work be useful for wine water and some snacks . hong kong be marvellous   take a metro trip to the naan lin garden for some quiet reflection amongst the hustle and bustle

we stay at this hotel early last year but never get around to write a review then so now after another stay , here we go . despite what some people say , the rooms here be more than adequate , more than comfortable for two people , although our friend find it a bit of a squeeze with a roll away bed add for his teenage daughter . we find the location to be okay even though it be a bit out of town . there be an underground station around   metre away , and bus and tram literally go right past the front door . there be an advantage to not be right in town and that be that you 're not go to get run down by horde of people as you leave or enter the lobby

stay in this hotel with our twins boys . we have good deal on family suite room . when book this hotel , we ask for harbour view and our room   have it . chocolate and fruit be serve complimentary all day . access to this hotel via mrt be so close , supermarket and fast food restaurant be just step away . concierge and shuttle driver staff be excellent , thanks for help us on luggage . definetlly will go back there on our next visit to

we stay at this hotel for   night with two child , age   and   it be our first visit to hong kong , and we decide to stay a bit of town to save money on hotel prices . we be really please that we could walk to the metro which be   from the hotel . this allow us to go wherever we like cheaply and easily . the metro system be second to none . clean , efficient , and very easy to navigate . the hotel be very clean , and the rooms be simple with space to move . we do n't really use the kitchen , as they do not provide crockery cutlery etc , but it be still nice to be able to use it for breakfast once we manage to find some plastic bowls at the supermarket . the supermarket be also on the doorstep of the hotel , but our favourite discovery be a local laundry that wash all our clothes and return them fold and smell lovely for hk     , less expensive and less work than do it yourself at the hotel . hotel bed be firm but comfortable , and shower be hot . we would definitely recommend this

we stay here for   night on a stopover , first time in hk . very easy to get to , even at   with   suitcase , straight into town on the airport express and then island line mrt to quarry bay , exit c   and it 's   yds straight in front of you . very friendly staff on reception . room ok , clean , nice bathroom but otherwise a bit cramp   suitcase ! and not somewhere to spend a whole lot of time . and why would you ? out of the front door and hop on a tram into town for       crazy price and a great experience . get a really good feel for north point and wan chai instead of zoom along below ground on the mrt . not sure what else be around in the local area , do n't read up on it as we have such a short time there , but i think the east end brewery be quite close by if that 's your bag it 's mine , and i am kick myself for miss it . breakfast in the hotel be really good , plenty of dim sum , or muesli , whatever you fancy . the very friendly receptionist have forget to give us our voucher for breakfast at check in , but the manager bloke be very helpful and get it all sort for us . great service . in fact , the chain have a recognition scheme which i only notice when we check out so if you 're go there soon please fill one out for me mention the manager bloke at breakfast . thanks

myself and my   old son statyed at this hotel for   night in feb   the hotel be off the beaten track but really accessible by mtr . tram line run straight outside the door . the room be reasonable sized . twin bed with hard mattress which be common in hong kong . bathroom be large with a big shower . we have daily breakfast at the hotel which be a normal buffet . however , very tasty waffle ! ! the view from the window across the harbour be ok but alot of fog mean we could n't see much . the staff be friendly enough however we do n't have too much interaction with them . there be a small room with internet access . the coffee shop be only open until   the last two night we have a very loud neighbour who keep me awake . the wall be quite thin so we could hear conversation , door bang and cough   however , this be not the hotel fault , just a rude , selfish guest ! !

we stay here for   night at the start of january   and be very dissapointed with the hotel . we arrive at reception   me in crutch and my partner struggle with all the luggage and at no point be we offer assistance or porterage . bedroom very small and bathroom even smaller . i would not return , sorry

rapid transit rail travel to the station literally across the road from the hotel make this an ideal hotel for visit hong kong . train travel be very cheap and highly efficient and easy to use

stay here over the xmas new year period   with two adult child

a good     cheap transportation via tvr to this hotel but it be a long way from central . great rate but the bed be so hard we could not sleep in it for the first night and i be glad we only stay two night in it i get extra towel in to sleep on to help soften the mattress because there be no extra bed we could use supply in the room and we be quite cold on the first night

we really like the location of the harbour plaza   it be not in the middle of the tourist area of hk and give you a better chance to see the real hk . the mtr and the tram stop be close to the hotel and they take you everywhere . north point with its wonderful wet market be   min by tram and causeway bay and central be only   min away

we have just return from   night in hong kong     of those stay at the harbour plaza north point . after change rooms because we initially have a smoking room we find the new room to perfectly suit our needs . our two girl age   and   sleep on the sofa bed in the live room whilst my husband and i have a separate bedroom   with its own tv . the room have a separate little kitchen although strangely no utensil as we be not long term tenants there be a supermarket across the road so you do n't need to eat in restaurant all the time if you do n't want to . the pool be fantastic   it be not often you see a   pool in a hotel and the gym be well equipped . the hotel provide regular free shuttle bus to the local shopping mall and the mtr train station be about   from the hotel entrance . yes , i agree with other review that it be a little way out but with the mtr be so efficient it do n't really matter . hk island be definitely better to stay on than kowloon . the staff be friendly although they need a better area display local tourist attraction as the concierge be a little limited in their english to fully answer our questions . overall and good hotel provide value for money

lovely hotel , we have an awesome room with great view

large rooms , good rates , excellent service

stay for   days with my sister on holiday . could not fault anything about the harbour plaza north point

harbour plaza north point be a perfectly good   star hotel . however , i am downgrading it in my review because i be initially allocate a room which be obviously damp and musty . when i complain i be allocate another room   exactly the same but dry

i stay at this hotel for   days while visting family in hong kong , and i think the hotel be fantastic . my parent and i have a family suite which have partial view of the harbour , the room be a great size with a small kitchen , din table , tv , shower room , double bedroom and a single bed in the live room . even although we have a single bed and a sofa bed in the live room there be still plently of space

this be a very pleasant hotel with great harbour view from many rooms . we be very lucky to be upgrade to a suite room on the top floor , which be very nice

if you be look for a reasonably price hotel then i would recommend this hotel i stay there for two night the rooms be large the bed be a bit hard but otherwise the room be bright and modern . the hotel caterer for mainly tour group so the lobby can be a bit congest at times . it have easy access to the underground system i pay   hk per night which i consider very reasonable for

we stay here on two occasion on our trip with a package to shanghai in the middle . both rooms be adequate , but fairly small . the first have a view over victoria harbour and the second simply look out upon other apartment block on the inland side of hong kong island

let 's just say that it be clean hotel . close to mtr subway , supermarket wellcome , mc donalds , that 's all

we stay here for a few night on the first leg of our honeymoon . while the hotel itself be nice and the staff all curtious and helpful we be disappoint with the location

i have a good deal in this hotel through expedia . it be all worth

i stay here for a week on business in april   and find the hotel to be a decent hotel in a pretty convenient location in hk . it 's certainly not in the thick of central or kowloon , but a short subway ride from anywhere . we choose this because it be close to our meetings  otherwise you may want to look elsewhere

we stay at the harbour plaza north point for one night at the beginning of april  

i would n't stay at this hotel simply because of its location

location   king road , north point , hong kong island . quite a way from the main tourist area , but excellent local transport and local shop etc make up for it . near underground station , tram stop , bus stop and ferry terminal

my first impression be that the lobby staff be highly efficient and professional . btw this be hong kong so do n't expect the same warmth and friendliness that you normally get in other asian city like singapore , kuala lumpur , jakarta or bangkok . but i would n't rate them badly for this     coldness    as efficiency can be a very welcome trait for a harry traveler . just manage your expectation to suit their local culture and you 'll be fine

i go to hong kong as part of a study abroad program . i would not have choose this hotel if i be make the arrangement because of the location . i prefer a hotel in a more central location so that i can walk to restaurant , bars and shop

this be my second stay here and i find it good value for money in a conveneient location

we pay around aud     per night for this hotel in a superior harbour view room , and it prove to be excellent value

i call the hotel on   oct to book a service apartment for my trip in nov . the staff , yvonne lee promise to send me an email . i never receive it

i make my book at this hotel directly from the hotel website . i have opt for a harbor view room but i be give a room that they refer to as     hill facing    . i call up , visit the reservation desk regard this but to no avail . finally , they change my room some   hours after my arrival after i have express enough displeasure about all this . below be a few things that i would like to share

excellent value for money and a good general experience . if you want a good hotel at the right price then this be for you . if you want   * luxury then go to the peninsula . the breakfast be excellent and the rooms comfortable . service be good and room service very quick . all our requirement be dealt with quickly include special diet and a late arrival and departure . no problem at all for us . shop around for the best price we do and get a deal for a free breakfast

i want a one bedroom suite at a good price and great quality and i find it at harbour plaza noth point . it be a   to   star quality closer to a   star . i sense that the staff be constantly try to do things to make the hotel   + . the one bedroom suite be very large for hong kong and comfortably sleep   adult and   kids . the sofa in the live room be a fold open bed for the   kids . they do not charge us extra for that . there be also a small dinner area with din table and a small kitchen with microwave and stave and fridge but no silverware nor plate

yesterday we return from hong kong . now we ca n't wait to go back there . it take until the final day when we realise just what a good position the hotel be in , after shopping in admiralty area we try to get onto the mtr , whilst the chinese be try to go home friday feeling ! , they be climb up our back , so i have to yell that there be a child below who be get squash ! ! ! yes the hpnp , may be a little out of the way , but this mean you will get a seat on the mtr . also be away from admiralty mean that the shop price be cheaper , ad be full of dak , prada , armarni etc  

a great   day stay

this hotel reckon that it have a   star rating , but in my opinion a   star rating would be generous

my sister and i be stay for   night in a one bedroom suite . we have stay in   star hotel in hong kong previously , but we be very please with hpnp because of the good airconditioning , shower with lots of run water , kitchenette with microwave and fridge , harbour view , good light in the rooms and the convient location of the hotel . the quarry bay mtr station , the tram station and the   cityflyer to and from the airport be within short walk distance . equip with an octopus card , we could easily get around hong kong with the bus , tram and mtr . we be please with the hotel staff , and the door attendant and housekeep be all polite and helpful . stay here give you the opportunity to explore parts of hong kong island east of causeway bay . in hong kong the least of your problem be to find place to eat , but we enjoy our take aways in the dine room , in peace and quiet , after a long day of shopping ! you can buy breakfast , lunch and dinner in cafe de coral or water , bread and juice in wellcome across from the hotel . we will definately stay here again for our next hong kong getaway

we stay for four night at the harbour plaza north point , in june   we book a one bedroom suite and overall our experience be fantastic

after a   hour flight and a short taxi ride we end at the harbour plaza . unfortunately our travel agent do n't realise there be more than one harbour plaza hotel in hong kong

stay here as part of a convention with the hk trade development council . the price be good , and service be also good . the room be a little dirty , but acceptable . laundry service be very good but a little expensive . have a room toward the bay , but the view be mostly of the police station . get a room on the upper floor and the view would be great . if i have to , i would stay here again , but the excelsior be hard to beat

the rooms be nice and this hotel be acceptable as long as you get a really good rate . i do not get my wake up call and my message never arrive , an issue with food make my guest sick and the pool be close and due to open the day after i leave with no consideration to allow entry the day before . it be a bit of a way from 'the action ' of lkf central and wanchai but the mtr be great . the supermarket opposite be a god send and there be some eatery for breakkie nearby . only if you get a good rate   try anything but definately do not pay rack rate   much better hotel closer to central .

my son     i have a double room while attend the rugby   march     . we pricelined the room at     of suggest   star rate , and consider how everything double or treble in price during the   , feel we get value

the hotel look good but rooms seriously need to be refresh

stay here for   days in mid february   i pricelined the hotel , and the room be us     a night . a decent price for hk , but on the other hand the room i have on the   floor be very average . staff be friendly and efficient . i go to nearby coral cafe for breakfast   clean , local , but decent food at a very reasonable price . the quarry bay mtr station be a   minute walk from the hotel , so that 's a plus . but overall i 'd not return

we stay for a week at the harbour plaza north point , in january   we book a one bedroom suite and overall our experience be very positive

very nice hotel , comfortable , very good service from the staff

we only stay in the hotel night on our way to australia from europe

while the hotel be locate away from the more popular causeway bay or tsim sha tsui area , i have no problem get to those areas . besides , this relatively quiet area cushion the shock of be in hong kong   the sheer number of people on the street

stay at this hotel for   night for Â £   , book use expedia

the room be nice with a partial view of the harbour , we have a kitchenette , but no cutlery crockery sauce pan etc , which confused us for a day or so , until we turn the cardboard sign around and discover the english side and find out they be available by a call to house keep

we stay here for one night on the way back from eur to au . there be a huge trade show on in hkk and everything be book out or v expensive . end up here and be happy with it

very good location , just opposite the mtr metro station

prior to arrival at this hotel we email to confirm room we book and pay for have two bed , one for my wife and i and one for our teenage daughter . email from hotel confirm this be the case . on arrival we be give a small room with one double bed ! after speak to reception staff we be tell we could have a room suitable for two bed   double plus a roll up but we would have to pay an extra     australian dollars . we be book for   night and have already pay approx     protest be meet with a shrug of the shoulder and a comment that hotel rooms in hk be very small

we stay in a one bedroom suite which be very clean and nicely furnish and would easily accomodate   adult and   children . there be an mtr station across the road with easy access to the rest of hong kong   the journey to central take about   minutes . there be a supermarket opposite,if you need to stock up the fridge in the room . we do not explore the vicinity surround the hotel so i have no idea what it have to offer . i would definately recommend this hotel as a good base to explore hong kong

stay on the   floor studio suite . the view be simply superb ! hotel location very good , with nice eatery across the street cafe de coral

