this new hotel have gorgeous boutique styling . one unique feature be the ground floor which be set on an angle an optical illusion . very cool . the rooms be beautiful and i enjoy the room service and breakfast at the restaurant . the staff be very polite and go out of their way to help us with a break suitcase . one negative point be the cost of the internet access

we book   rooms     stay there during   nov . ~   nov .  

location be just horrible . yes they have this shuttle bus service offering to the hang hum station , tsim sha tsui , even to kowloon bay who know why , but you need to be in good time management , otherwise if you miss one and you do n't know how to go to to kwa wai , you be in big trouble

we recently stay at this newly open hotel , locate at the site of the former airport and be pleasantly surprise by its service and set after have read some of the comment . everything in the hotel be design in an angle and even the glasses in the restaurant which be really cool . the location be an incentive if you like to experience the more traditional hk and easy for us , as close to various local offices . the hotel do offer a shuttle service that run well on time and the concierge be helpful when we require a chauffeur drive car on the various occasion

what a big mistake . this hotel be in a [    ] . i cant express enough how piss off i be when i get to this hotel . its in the middle of nowhere , i mean nowhere

i stay in this hotel between   to   of october   i have book my room directly from hotel agency i book delux room which be show in their internet site   , rate     when i get in my room it be shock , room be smaller then   i ask the reception to give me bigger room which be correct size what they show in internet but there be no room in this size asistant manager name be mrs judith really helpful to me . this hotel be lucky that have some staff like her she show me a room at   floor which be exutive floor but the room be again small i not like it then she offer me for suit room not upgrated just need to pay aproximitely     more i accept it when i be checkout i see the price     per night on my invoice normaly must be     i refuse to pay this amount they show me contract which be sign when i be checkin

