this hotel be a long way from the main city centre and airport , but close to china . it be cheap during trade fare season and locate near to a ocnvenient shopping centre . great swim pool and gym . the main annoyance be the cost of in room internet connection   about Â £   per day with no long term discount option . this compare with Â £   for the     extra just for a cable connection . the lobby have free wireless but this be really incovenient if you need to surf the web , respond to lots of email or have skype converstaions . simply by reduce this cost to Â £   i be surev the hotel 's revenu from cable connection woulkd increase significantly . annoyingly , otjer harbour plaza in hong kong offer better deal and in china the interbet be free in most hotel   so these guy should join the modern

my wife and i enjoy   night at your hotel , it be a great stay , the staff be very friendly and helpful . the hotel and room ammenities be exceptional especially for the price ,

rooms be dimly lit , tired and outdated   however , acceptable and clean enough for a short stay . like others have say , it 's too far away from most places . however , if you 're intend to visit the wetland park  ping shan heritage trail both just   min away on the light rail transit outside the hotel , spending a peaceful night here be perfectly fine . there 're a number of food outlet nearby , along with a large supermarket and cinema in the attach mall

plus point  

we be the only non asian in the hotel and be treat like gold by the staff . i be not sure how other negative reviewer could have complain ! the front desk manager resolve our problem with hotels com , although it be not his issue . he then follow up and leave note under our door to let us know he be still work on it and could not have be nicer . this hotel have a great swim pool , sauna and fitness room . our room be super clean , have a teapot , robe and slippers . there be basketball court and it be next to tin shui park , the greatest public park i have ever seen . it have everything from pebble walk and tai chi area to rc car race track . unbelievable ! this neighborhood be away from kowloon as people mention , but that be the beauty of it . kowloon be a howl mess of traffic with people hawk fake rolex watch , irish bars and prada stores . look like nyc at times ! resort city be a haven away from the noise . it be a very quiet , modern hotel and easy to get to with an octopus pass . if you do not use the subway and light rail system in hong kong , you be a fool ! it be one of the greatest system in the world ! at resort city you walk out the front door to the light rail and get all the way to kowloon or lantau for a nominal amount , on clean , air condition trains . no smell like nyc ! we love it here and plan on stay only   night , but after check out the hotel in kowloon we stay here for our entire trip . it be our base camp and safe haven ! not for those who come to foreign country look for all things american or european , but a great view of a slice of life of a normal hong kong citizen

we stay at the hotel for two week as part of a trip to hk . the cheaper room rates be enough to attract us to come here . however you do get what you pay for . as many people have comment , the location of the hotel be remote for traveller who want to experience the food , culture and attraction of hk . as others have mention the hotel have an hourly shuttle bus service to tsim tsia tsui for   dollar a ride . usually the ride be about   minutes however on the weekend they use a larger bus to accomodate more traveller and it take one hour to get into tsim tsia tsui . if traveller would like to explore hk island , it get more difficult as you can take the shuttle bus to tst and then walk over to the star ferry to get to hk island or you can take the public bus   which will take over an hour as well . for those who be from big city and think that an hours travel be not so bad , for hk standard it be really quite long ! after a long day shopping and sight see , it would have be so much better to be able to take a cab or subway ride home within     min , rather than have to take an hours journey back to this hotel

location   harbour plaza be locate in the new territory which be equal to the suburb of hong kong . it be right at the ginza light rail station connect to the subway mtr and next to a bus terminal . another way to measure its location be to say that harbour plaza be about one hour from the airport by subway or bus and one hour to the downtown hong kong harbour area

travelocity fail to mention that this hotel be in the new teritorywhich be about   minutes from hong kong

this hotel be excellent value , and a very nice way to wind down after a hectic three night on hong kong island and kowloon . we stay here for three night after we have see everything we want to in hong kong and kowloon . it be about an hour out of central station in hong kong , it be a very good base for explore the new territory , with the wetland centre , ching chung koon and ping shan heritage trail all very close by . it 's massive with two tower block and a shopping centre in between , where you can get almost everything you need , generally slightly cheaper than on hong kong island . we get an upgrade when we check in , so we end up with a deluxe room , which include a microwave and large fridge for convenience . the room be about three times the size of a similar price room on hong kong island . there be a bus stop behind the hotel with bus to almost anywhere in hong kong . the light rail station be across from the hotel , and there be plenty to see within the light rail network . all these transport mode accept octopus cards . it be a welcome end to a hectic sightsee holiday

the hotel be beautiful and with very friendly staff . though a bit far from central hongkong they have a shuttle that departs to tsim tsa shui central every hour for     hk dollars . the mtr be right beside the hotel   steps away . bus terminal be   minutes from the hotel and the hotel be in between two hotels . everything be convenient and it also have a huge park on the right side great for picture take esp . at night when the light be on . airport shuttle be also available for     roundtrip and departs every hour

my boyfriend and i stay at this hotel during valentine â € ™ s day

my family and i stay here for   night in march   the location as others have mention be a bit far from the 'main ' part of hong kong where all the shopping and nightlife be at . there be bus and shuttle from the hotel that can take you there , but it 's about a   minute to   hour transit ride . however , our stay be very enjoyable we do n't really go out drinking clubbing as this be a family trip so that be n't an issue . the rooms be large . they have a full queen size bed and a sit area to watch tv . the bathroom be immaculate , and because of the low price and location farther from hk proper , there be lots of tour group stay there . ask to be put on a room on floor   because there 's an express elevator exclusive to those floor

we only stay here for one night only and we find the apartment to be of a very high standard . they be very clean , modern and

we stay at harbour plaza resort city in march . my husband , myself and our two child age   and   thoroughly enjoy our stay . we have inteconnecting rooms and could not fault the hotel or the service . part of the attraction be the fact that hprc be away from the hustle and bustle of hong kong . we get to explore many parts of hong kong and the new territory and we use public transport to get everywhere . the kid love the adventure of ride on the train and even a trip to mongkok for a lot of shopping at the market be not a problem , we just jump on a train when we be done . my kid lose a toy on our last day at the hotel and we search everywhere for it . the staff be so oblige , take our email details and inform us when the toy be found . they organise the toy to be send to australia at their cost and my child be very happy to be reunite with their toy

this hotel come as a free stay with a cathay pacific air ticket . even so , you would expect some degree of acceptable service become of most hong kong hotel

i stay at the harbour plaza resort last year and think it be a lovely hotel . it 's next to a shopping centre where you can go and relax with a number of really good restaurant in there . the staff be helpful and efficient , i have trouble sleeping when there 's a lot of noise around and they be happy to change me to a new room within half an hour when i complain that i be too close to the lift and could hear people come and going . the rooms be spacious and comfortable with a separate lounge area and be clean on a daily basis

excellent hotel , i recommend . the hotel be a long way from downtown but we require a hotel away from the hustle and bustle and within easy travel diastance of disneyland hong kong . the bus station be beside the hotel . you can catch a   bus to the airport for a tenth of the taxi fare . the rooms be very large and very comfortable

the room be spacious and clean . however , the main attraction be the low price . why be it so cheap ? it be because the hotel be so far from anywhere . if you like night life or shopping , do n't consider it . the hotel provide shuttle bus not even hourly service and finish after       pm . taxi fare from city back to hotel be around us     from hong kong island be at least     . there be   mall connect to the hotel but they be crappy . actually the hotel be locate at the poorest housing area of hong kong . i do n't feel safe to walk out of the hotel in the night . you will find problem kid or urchin who linger in the area between the two hotel block

great room , great services , they also include breakfast and dinner coupon for the holiday stay . this hotel be in the new territory so unless you know you way to the shopping district , better stay in kowloon or hong kong island . there be a lovely park and track behind the hotel where jogger exercise in the morning . jog path be half a mile away . much cheaper laundry service be locate in the mall attach to the hotel . the mall also have a couple dim sum restaurant , mcdonald 's , western restaurant , a vietnamese and japanese restaurant , and a grocery store , etc . there be a   downstairs as well . hotel also offer a state of the art gym . staff be very helpful and efficient . hotel offer a daily shuttle service to the shopping district , otherwise , public transportation be just outside the hotel . bus , light rail , be all right outside of the hotel . make sure to get yourself a     octopus    pass to use on almost all type of public transportation in hk except taxis . we stay here the same time in   and absolutely love it

i stay in this hotel for   night during my business stay in hong kong . overall , the hotel be good and proper with a lovely view over the park

rooms be ok and functional . the location be a lot further from the main shopping area than what we would have like and it take about an hour to get to kowloon . the main gripe be the level of customer service we received . it be just about ok for the majority of the time but there be the odd unpleasant encounter with staff

rooms be consider ok but hotel be way out and it take almost an hour just to get to the main shopping districts . time waste on travel to and fro . this be the first time i encounter a hotel charge guest for shuttle bus fare ! have encounter of the unpleasant kind with its staff as well . if you be a shopper then this be definitely not the hotel for you

we have just return from a   day visit to hong kong , during which time we stay for   night at the harbour plaza resort city . we be entirely please with our decision to stay at this hotel , although some forum member do advise against the hotel because of its location . but give the savings that you can get from stay here compare to elsewhere in the city at this time of the year when hotel price be simply crazy , i think we have make a good choice . the hotel be modern , comfortable with nice decor , and be connect to two shopping mall with many restaurant where we have breakfast before proceed into the city by the hotel shuttle . there be a bakery and   by the side of the hotel , so it be very convenient . i think even if you factor in the travel time on the hotel shuttle   min and cost   one way , per person it be still a bargain . you can also take the light rail west rail mrt connection into the city but that be much hassle and slightly more costly . we be please with the hotel service   very prompt and very accommodating . the hotel staff go to the extent of disinfect and dress my husband 's toe which be infect from an ingrown toe nail , before point to the direction of a clinic

