what a let down from the sights of shanghai , dissapointing views . take a few days to get use to the area , but it do have a lot to offer , free shuttle bus to shopping areas . a supermarket just down the road , view over to hong kong island . night time light show . we would recommend the island coach tour . just not what we have exspected of hong kong . stanley market be must . along with a trip up the hill side rail car . great shopping for duty free goods . very exspecive area , nothing much in walk distance but good bus servie anf fee shuttle buss service . local resturants well over price , good food in the hotel and nothing be to much trouble . would stay on hong kong island next time more choice and better shopping , roof top swim pool be brill , great view over the point area and the old airport

before book this hotel we have research other peoples review and after various factor be take into consideration we take the plunge spending   night in a superior harbour view room with spectacular view , we be not disappoint with our choice , right on the front but in a quiet location within easy walk distance if you wish to explore further a field or you could use the free shuttle bus the hotel provide every   minutes to get into the heart of the main shopping area , the bus run up to   hr every evening to either mody road or hankow road which be right next to the peninsular hotel close to nathan road and within   minutes walk of the star ferry terminal which only cost   dollar to take you across to the main hong kong island where a trip up the peak tram be not to be miss   be warn long queue be always expect at weekend and the best time to visit be in the morning on a sunny day because the mist start to decend early afternoon which can lead to loss of visibilty and the outstanding view ! now back to the hotel , check in be quick , friendly and efficent and the staff be always curtious . we be on a bed a breakfast deal where the choice for breakfast be brilliant . the price for the evening meal may seem expensive when compare to other local establishment nearby but in our opinion you get what you pay for   quality do not come cheap ! overall an excellent break to be highly recommended . please note change of name from january   to harbour grand kowloon

we have just return from a   nite stay at the harbour plaza . we be give superior harbourview rooms and the view be stunning . we be lucky as we have mostly clear days so our view be worth stay here . the view from the rooftop pool be equally amazing . unfortunately the spa pool be not a heated one so it be n't very nice to use

this be a superb hotel with very large comfortable rooms and all amenities need for business . we find the staff very friendly and always willing to

staff be unfriendly     food be way too expensive to dine in   

i have a fantastic stay with harbour plaza hong kong for the   days that i be stay there . the hotel be quip with all the facility and amenities that a traveller would need be it for leisure or for business . their swim pool overlook the habour which be fantastic in my view as it be seldom see in most hotels . wifi and meeting rooms be also available within the hotel . i be give a harbourview room which have an amazing view of the sea . the room be clean and spacious with an equally spacious bathroom . the bathroom itself have a seperate bathtub and stand shower which i really like  on top of that , the hotel provide many channels on the tv which we can view for free . one thing which i do n't like be the amount of mirror that can be find in the room . there be one huge mirror just right infront of the bed and be a superstitious chinese , i do n't quite like it . as harbour plaza be situate in whampoa , i be worry that we might have trouble get around as it seem quite out of the way . but , the hotel provide a shuttle bus service to hang hom mtr     tst which arrive every half hourly . this really help us a great deal in get around . travel back to the hotel via cab be not expensive too . i spend about hkd   travel from mongkok and about   from causeway bay . the surroundings be pretty safe and secure to roam about even if you be travel alone . there be lots of cafe nearby that area so there be no need to worry about the rumble tummy . on a sidenote , the shop around that area close pretty early around   so there be not much to see at night except to enjoy the sea breeze and calm night . the warmth and hospitality of the staff can be feel throughout our stay . i would definitely return give a chance and recommend this hotel to my family     friend

my husband and i stay here over several stop over whilst travel around and find this hotel to me beautiful , in a brilliant quiet but easily accessible spot . the view from a harbour view room be just amazing , i would recommend try to get on overlook both kowloon and hong kong island as you can see out to the island in the sea and this be the direction that the sun set i be of course bias in the view as my husband propose over a champagne breakfast

great hotel , perfect view , good location close to the

spend   night there . the room be large and comfortable and the hotel be good value in general . although there be many group , wedding , etc    this remaisn tolerable . only the location be not very convenient and make us jump in a taxi more often than we have wished . the view over hk skyline be

we book this hotel base on the high trip advisor rating , and for the first time ever those rating totally let us down . it be n't just that we have an unlucky experience   the hotel 's fundamentals just plain suck for this kind of money

very comfortable and luxury stay . the pool be very exciting   it be on a higher level of the hotel and you have a direct view over the hong kong skyline

stay here for   night in may   our flight arrive very early and we be at the hotel before   although have email ahead and request an early check in , they inform us that as they have be completely full the night before this be not possible . we be ask to come back at midday but we just leave our bag , go out and about and get back late afternoon

at first glance the harbour plaza hotel may seem a little out of the way for the main sights of hong kong but this be not a problem at all . taxis to the nearest station be about Â £   and the star ferry be a   minute walk away . taxis to kowloon be also very cheap . upon arrival we be give a double upgrade to an amazing room with a beautiful harbour view , which be practically a suite it be so large . the in hotel restaurant be very expensive but the buffet be incredible with such a huge variety and the staff be very friendly and helpful . all in all , the end of our trip be outstanding mainly due to our luck with the room upgrade

this hotel be fantastic . the room be a good size overlook the harbour . book a king bed harbour view room and it not disappoint . room , as with the entire hotel and most of hk be spotless . restaurant food be very good . breakfast be as expensive as you would expect so most days we eat out for breakfast . the chinese restaurant be excellent , really good food and great service . the hotel be , as others have mention , a little further out   however the hang hom star ferrry terminal be only a few steps away , taxis be very cheap and bus even cheaper . if you want the nightlife and to be just a few steps from hk island or nathan road then pick a hotel close   but i 'd stay here again for the quality and service . we not find it a problem be further out   it be nice to relax on the ferry for a few minutes longer after a hectic day and take in the light

think this hotel be top class . the rooms be perfect for a couple amazing view for a very reasonable price i believe not easy to find

i am so surprise to see so many good comment about this hotel cause there be absolutely nothing special    a location very so so in whampoa garden , a district of hk locate on kowloon side but where everything close around midnight   a design very date with a lot of gold , lion head , fountain but just completely     have been    or just good for chinese wedding besides , every day , you can enjoy the ugly super kitsh special decoration in the lobby    if you enjoy this kind of stuff      a breakfast with a view for sure but with no quality at all and an arrogant and unefficient staff and a room very dark if you do n't choose the harbour view cause it 's face an other building and this be simply the best way to depress  

stay at harbour plaza , hong kong mid september   for a week

my new husband     i recently spend the first part of our honeymoon here before go on to bali

we stay here for the   or   time in august  

my wife and i just spend   wonderful days in hong kong stay at the harbour plaza hotel close tyo the whampoa shopping district near hang hom . right from the moment we arrive , we be make to feel very special   nothing be too much trouble . even unprompted the hotel supply birthday cake and wine foc for my wife 's unannounced birthday

when we arrive it have just turn dark . mr g open our door and help bring the bag into the hotel . throughout our stay he remember both our first names and last names which to say he only help with our bag for   minutes be amazing . the hotel be fantastic and the view of hong kong island be great . the only thing against it be the unless you be by the rooftop pool you can not see the whole of the skyline when the light show starts . food be great both in and out of the hotel and the service be as high as we expect

the view as you enter the hotel be amazing   panaromic view of hong kong island

i book this hotel with slight reservation , due to comment regard its location , however , i be delight with my stay

my husband and our   friend stay at harbour plaza for   night , get home on thursday

we recently stay at the habour plaza ,   august   to   august   i choose this hotel base on the review post on tripadvisor . this be a truly   star hotel and great value for money . all the staff be friendly and willing to go the extra mile . the cost of dine at the in house prominade be a bit excessive for the family of four we try to room service . room service be outstanding , all promise we keep and the qulaity of the food be fantastic . the hotel be easily accessible by ferry   walk , kowloon station   by taxi . the amenities such as the gym , swim pool , jacuzzi , be well maintained . the room size be reasonable , two double bed for   adult and two kids . the hotel be spotless and will definetely stay at this hotel for my next visit

the view from our room be stunning ! be build right at the waterfront opposite the hongkong island , the location be perfect for explore kowloon , and it be easy to go where ever you want . the staff be friendly , the rooftop pool spectacular and the rooms nicely furnished . i recommend it

this be a genuine   star hotel situate in kowloon hong kong . originally we be look for something for a little less in terms of rate per night like metro hong kong in the city but be really glad we 'd choose harbour plaza kowloon once we be on the ground

hotel be very nice and especially lobby look great . we have a regular harbour view room and it be clean and roomy . the hotel be locate near the star ferry terminal and you can get to hong kong island in   minutes . with subway and free shuttle it take at least an hour . next time we will stay at the hong kong side

we stay at the harbour plaza for four night prior to continue to the maldives for our honeymoon at the start of september   we be amaze by the cleanliness and grandeur of the foyer as we entered . we be check in right away as there be many staff at the desk ready to deal with guests . the staff be extremely helpfull and even upgrade us to a harbour view room free of charge . the room be spacious and have an amazing view of the harbour and over to hong kong island . the bathroom be equally spacious and have a large walk in shower as well as a bath . the pool which be situate on the roof of the hotel provide amazing view over the harbour , the pool be a good size and there be also a rooftop jaccuzzi and bar alongside the pool . the gym look impressive not that we ever use it ! . great choice of food at breakfast , great room service and lovely terrace bar outside hotel on waterside where you can eat and enjoy views . would reccommend to make use of the free shuttle bus from the hotel that drop off and collect at the penninsula hotel , make get around kowloon hassle free . overall an excellent experience would return tomorrow , staff very helpful and great concierge

we ` have just return from a   days stay at the plaza and would certainly recommend it . the room be very spacious and immaculate clean . the bathroom be well equip but no hair dryer , elegant and big enough . we have a harbour room view and enjoy the hours before midnight sit in an armchair and watch the spectacular skyline . well , you don ` t see much further than to the bank of china building , but that ` s still amazing

  minutes from nasthan road   the view over the harbour be fantastic and can not praise the high class chinese restaurant on the   floor high enough . we eat ther   times   the menu and the service be   it be a wee bit pricey but worthy every

the service of the hotel staff be excellent . from checkin to checkout , they be always willing to help . room service be good . we have a harbour view room , with large windows to look at all the ship and boat pass through the channel . the hotel have a nice rooftop pool and adequate gym . the hotel be locate away from the hustle and bustle of nathan road , but the shuttle bus service run every half hour and be very reliable . this hotel be definitely up there amongst the best

due to our flight we get there at   they tell us even think check in be not till   we could have to room at   it be actually   the room be great , great view of hong kong island , it be very spacious . we be actually upgrade free of charge also so i would definitely class it value for money . the rooms be well look after in terms of housekeep they be very thorough when cleaning

stay here with kid and hubby for   days or so . this hotel be clearly more suit to a business market , but they tolerate us well

i can not recommend the hotel enough . excellent service and attention to detail . i would strongly recommend pay the extra   for a harbour view room . the pool have the most underbelievable view of hk harbour . the shuttle bus to kowloon take about   minutes and be very reliable we also take advantage of the star ferry terminal a few minutes walk away . taxis be very inexpensive in hk so in the later hours it be a cheap ride home . the local shopping centre be a few minutes walk away and offer eveything you could ask for and a relief from the crowd of down town kowloon . lots of local restaurant in the wauchope area , get a map from concierge . we have a small problem and it be resolve quickly and without a fuss . the hotel manager be very apologetic . we would stay here again when next in hk

at first glance , the harbour plaza hk seem like a lovely hotel . the entrance be very nice , with a grand staircase and the hotel 's location on the water

return from a family holiday in thailand , we take the opportunity of a stop over in honk kong at the harbour plaza to break up the long journey back to the uk

stay at this hotel for two night at the start of a   week tour of china . get lucky and have a free upgrade to a   bedroom apartment because they be busy . room have panoramic view of hong kong harbour see my photo . roof top pool amazing and a great place to view the hong kong skyline . breakfast be include and excellent range   especially for chinese food . chef can make omelette and noodle dish to order give plenty of variety for an extend stay . get a real taste for chinese dumplings and pork beef buns . the only downside to this hotel be that it be slightly out of the centre of kowloon . no cheap local restaurant either . the close by star ferry terminal be the cheapest and easiest way to get around , however the star ferry stop service at around   each day so expect a few taxi fare if stay out late . use the nearest metro station hanghong be not a good option as it do n't easily connect to the main tourist sites . the best option to take the metro to kowloon then get a taxi back to hotel though this could cost   or more per trip . high class hotel at a very reasonable price Â £   per night

just get home from a fantastic holiday . the air france flight be superb , the hotel be fantastic , the gym basic but have everything . the pool be never crowd and the view be outstanding . the restaurant be pricey but great deal on two for one drink in the hotel bar the waterfront and whampoa drink lounge

my friend and i stay for   night at this hotel and we both agree that though this hotel somewhat quite far from the main attraction tst , we be glad that we can come back to the hotel to actually rest , away from traffic noise . the free shuttle every   min be convenient , we be drop not far from peninsula and harbour city . we also receive free buffet breakfast each morning and we love them . the staff be nice and helpful

we greatly enjoy our   night stay in the harbour plaza . it be a   minute taxi ride from kowloon downtown tsim sha tsui but the hotel run a courtesy bus service every half hour each way to downtown . there be also a courtesy bus from the airport . the hotel be a   minute walk away from the hunghom star ferry terminal . we have a     superior harbour view    room on the eighth floor with great view across victoria harbour , but could not see as far as central and victoria peak   the hotel be very clean and bright , the staff friendly and efficient . the lift be also extremely quick , we never have to wait long for one . all food in the hotel be quite expensive . breakfast Â £   be buffet style and excellent with plenty of choice . the corner cafe bar be also recommend for snacks . the hotel laundry service be also excellent , but expensive . i would think that the price charge reflect the quality of the hotel and be par for the course in hong kong

harbour plaza be an elegant high end hotel , but what separate it from the many other excellent hotel in kowloon be its prime waterfront location at the edge of the whampoa district . the hotel occupies an ideal harbor side spot , and the harbor view rooms feel as though you be quite literally hang over the water . from my   floor room the ground be no longer in sight , and it feel like be on the prow of ship ply the harbor . there be also a long harbor promenade with excellent view of hong kong island , though it can be quite windy out there . the rooms be modern and comfortable , and the mini bar fill with a more interesting selection of healthier food than be typical . the lobby breakfast buffet be enormous and the food very good , with a large assortment of hot and cold item , several international section , and made to order eggs or omelettes . the hotel staff be very helpful , almost overly so . when i stay in the room to work for a few hours one afternoon there must have be half a dozen interruption to check this or refill that , to ask if i have any cleaning to pick up   would n't i have let them know if i have cleaning ? the hotel be a convenient   minute walk from the hang hom ferry landing to hong kong island . the only real difficulty i run into at the harbour plaza be that there be another larger , more well know but from what i see not as nice harbour plaza hotel a short distance away . this be the harbour plaza metropolis , and twice in   days i be take there by mistake when i get in a taxi and be not pay attention to our route . this may get better as the hotel have be there longer , but it â € ™ s important to specify in a taxi that you want the whampoa harbour plaza , and or that you do not want the metropolis . it â € ™ s a good idea to have the hotel desk write the name and address in chinese character on a card for you , since few taxi driver speak much english . if you end up at the metropolis by mistake , get back in a taxi and have them take you to the correct hotel . though the hotel be just about a mile apart , the configuration of the roads make it virtually impossible to walk from one to another

after a great deal of research we decide to stay at the harbour plaza hotel , hong kong . we be not disappoint

i stay at the harbour plaze for   night when i be in hong kong on a business trip . the hotel be perfect for business traveler

don â € ™ t mix this with the other harbour plaza hotels . this one be right on the water . we be upgrade to a terrific club room . the breakfast be great , the location can not be beat â € ” good ferry service from the kowloon side , include a ferry very near the hotel . nice rooftop pool , with a view across the water . highly recommend

we spend   night at the harbour plaza on our way back from a trip to the uk . the harbour plaza be an absolutely fantastic place to stay . absolutely luxurious . you ca n't get any closer to the harbour . everything be   * * * * * . we have a couple of meal in the hotel which be first class . the view from the room be exceptional

mbsb , oswestry , england ,

one of the best hotel i have ever stay in . the only one in hong kong so i have no comparison , but this be a truly memorable experience as far as hotel go . i be there with a group of   friend and we all love it

while the size of the room and view of the harbour be good , the location be not terrific as you have to catch shuttle bus to anywhere of consequence star ferry terminal and tst . while the rooms be fine , spacious , and good chair , they be a bit date     remind me of hotel from mid   for example the equipment in the gym be a bit out of date and the painting and mirror be frame in shiny gold . and the pool look nothing like the picture on the website ! however , if you be travel with a family on a moderate budget with time to be bother with shuttle bus , this would be an acceptable hotel and reasonable value for money

clean , peaceful and on the kowloon bay   views be fantastic , and the rooms spacious and well maintained

the harbour plaza be a beautiful hotel . the service be excellent , the rooms very spacious and breakfast be outstanding ! we enjoy the location , find it a refuge from the busier area and fun to take the star ferry all over the place ! i do n't want to leave and look forward to go back . i would always stay here . it 's luxurious at a fraction of the cost on the other side of the water . the hotel also have a spectacular rooftop pool !

this be a very nice hotel in a vibrant city , but i have to disagree with those who say it be a great value

service , service , service    very attentive and responsive staff . comfortable rooms , great showers . phenomenal buffet . i hate buffet but this be an unreal delicious combo of authentic local fare as well as standard north american staples   offbeat location but   min cab ride or ferry ride to anywhere that matters . excellent bang for your buck . bar next door have a fairly good beer and cigar selection . concierge , housekeep , bellboy , front desk , and doorman be all world class

we stay in harbour plaza for   night as a stopover return from sydney . it be recomended to us by my daughter who stay there as part of her honeymoon in   and we be not disappointed . we book a limousine to and from the airport and it be   class , we choose a club level harbourview room which be excellent we make full use of the complimentary breakfast , afternoon snack and evening drink as well as free internet use and laundry service . we feel it be worth the extra cost and good value . our room be clean , spacious and maintain to a very high standard . the grill dine room be expensive but we still use it twice , quality be very good as be our meal at the waterfront restaurant ,which also have a very good band who take the time to come and chat to us during their break . the hotel have good view across the harbour however we could barely see the other side because of the mist , still manage to sunbathe though at rooftop pool despite the conditions and at least it not rain . we use the stopover as a relaxation break rather than do sightsee however i do want to go up victoria peak but it would have be a waste of time and money as you couldnt see anything i do try to go but get the wrong ferry there be only   ! which be only   minutes from the hotel . we enjoy our stay at the harbour plaza and must thank mr billy wan for his numerous friendly email from the time we book the hotel in mid   we would stay again at this hotel but would likely do some tours as well

we stay at the harbour plaza for one night en route to new zealand . the rooms be spacious and the harbour view excellent

we stay at the harbour plaza hong kong for   night in february   , and would go back there in a minute ! ! this be our   trip to hong kong    the hotel where we stay   years ago have go up in price so much , especially for the executive floor , that after reading all of the glow review on trip advisor , we decide to book here . we tend to splurge on our trip to asia have stay at the peninsula in beijing and bangkok , and we be not disappoint here . we recommend splurge for the harbour club floor , and a harbourview room although the last   of our stay be so foggy in the morning that this extra charge may not have be worth it . the location be not inconvenient at all , and we use the hotel shuttle and ferry a   minute walk almost exclusively . the personal service from millie , stacy , and tiffany at the club floor be invaluable in help us get around hong kong , and also in check in and out . the breakfast , afternoon snack , and evening appetizer , wine and beer be great ! ! we love the pool area , promenade on the harborfront for walk , or just sit and gaze at the harbor

we love this hotel . the staff be friendly and helpful , rooms be a good size , bright , comfortable with lots of storage , clean and well maintained . the view over hk island be just stunning

fantastic hotel , the rooms with a harbour view be unbelievable ! the room we have do not have a view of the sky scraper but look to the east . it be superb . the room be well equip with tea coffee , safe , robe , etc . all in all we have a brilliant time . the view at breakfast be fab . the outdoor pool be at the top of the hotel and what a view . free shuttle service to the town centre be a great idea as well . the star ferry be not too far away either . brilliant stay . thank you

overall a nice place to stay . the nearby ferry be convenient and a fun way to get around . the ferry stop run to from wan chai fairly early in the evening

i spend a lot of time do online research about hotel in hong kong before book the harbour plaza hong kong . i be glad i did . my husband and i have a great time in hong kong   the harbour plaza be part of the memorable experience . we enjoy magnificent view of harbour from our room , from the dine room and from the roof top pool   we love walk around the surround area find different restaurant and small shops . the hotel provide free shuttle bus every   minutes to go to the center kowloon , and we take ferry from the close by ferry dock to go to hong kong island , so the location be convenient enough for us . small note , the ferry dock near the hotel close around about       or       , so you win â € ™ t be able to take the ferry back to the hotel if you stay late in the hong kong island , but there be many alternative ways to get back that win â € ™ t cost you much . here be an excellent web site tell you everything you need to know about hong kong

i stay with my husband       yr old daughter during christmas in   and we love it .

we stay at this hotel as part of a virgin tour

as per the photo that can be see on various hotel website , this be a lovely look hotel . there be n't any fault the decor and facilities . however , it all just seem a little average   it be quite expensive and somehow we expect more of a personal     wow    factor   there 's nothing special beyond the view and the pool . you pay through the nose for everything on top of the room . the restaurant be far too expensive for us so we eat out every night

the whampoa harbour plaza be a little out the way as its not in the central kowloon area but the star ferry across to the island be only   away so it still easy to get to . its actually quite relax after a hard days sightsee to have that   min boat ride to escape the main island . the hotel also offer a shuttle bus to the bottom of nathan rd . the bus also stop at hang hom railway station although the bus driver be a little weird about pick people up from that stop

afer days of trawl through tripi advisor review myself and my wife decide on the harbour plaza and we ar so glad we did . we both agree that this be the best hotel we have ever stayed . its quite a trek from the airport and take around an hour   we be last to get drop off but it be well worth the wait . the hotel be tuck away off the main road and look fantastic when you drive up to it . the reception area be really grand with a massive staircase which be decorate differently each night for wedding , party etc    check in be fast , bag be take to our room and the harbour view be just great , we couldnt stop look out of the window . rooftop pool be worth a dip if its warm enough , breakfast be very good with loads of choice , toast and cereal for fussy people like me who not fancy the local breakfast , there be also a coffee shop which sell the best hot chocolate ever ! hotel be less than   minutes walk to the ferry terminal and be less than a pound to get across to hk island . taxis be also really cheap an be line up outside of the hotel . the underground be easy enough to use much better than london  the area around the hotel be mainly residential which i prefer as it mean its quieter outside . hong kong be amazing and we will definatley be go back , very clean as well . do all the usual touristy things   the peak , the po lin budda and of course disney . i can not reccommend this hotel enough its well worth the money . remember as well you not need travel adapter in hk they use the same plug as we do

we book this hotel after read really positive comment by other tripadvisor members . we be not dissapointed in any way . what a lovely hotel

i stay at this hotel with my husband and two boy after two days at a disneyland hotel also very good ! . the hotel lobby be really quite spectacular with a sweeping marble staircase and enormous glass windows showcasing a view of the harbour beyond . our room be on the   floor with harbour view . the room be of average size , however the two double bed be smaller than we have anticipated . a quick call to reception and we have a rollaway provide for the duration , free of charge . the bathroom be very large and well appointed . we find the staff to be unfailingly polite , friendly and very helpful , especially the door staff . the shuttle bus be wonderful and run every half hour from around   to   at night . we also use the star ferry terminal which be a couple of minutes walk from the hotel . this take us to central one day and wanchai another

due to recent trouble at bangkok airport , have a last minute change of plan and re routed my trip via a   day stop in hong kong  which mean i have to find a hong kong hotel with just one week 's notice . naturally , i turn to tripadvisor for recommendation , and find the highly recommend harbour plaza be both within my price range  and have rooms available

this hotel be very well locate and despite what others say about the ferry , the hotel be less than a   minute walk along the promenade to the ferry terminal which serve both the central and north point . just walk to the promenade and turn right , keep walk and you will reach a main bus terminal and on the leave be the ferry terminal , the first entrance be for north point and the last entrance take you to central . its     for the central and     for the north point

wow ! the harbor plaza be the place to stay . a harbor view room be a must . rooms be gorgeous and the pool area be the best in hong kong . great food and outstanding service . free shuttle be so convenient . the harbor plaza hong kong will be the only place i stay from now on . the photo of the property do n't do it justice . it be so much better in person . every employee be so personable and welcoming . i highly recommend this hotel

my partner and i stay at the harbour plaza as a treat on our final night in hong kong after stay at the ramada hotel . the hotel itself be very nice and well situate with good view of the harbour . the entrance to the hotel itself be very grand , with a sweeping staircase as you walk in , look every inch the   * hotel . the staff we be helpful and organised . we have book a basic double room for the night on expedia before we depart the uk for our travel , after check out the review on trip advisor and expedia . the room itself be nice , not the standard that i would have expect from a   * , have stay in a few before . the bed be large and comfortable , the bathroom look like it have see better days but be still clean . generally the room be ok . the plus point of this hotel , be the grand entrance , the good service , the great view over the harbour and its location

we stay for   week in september on a sightsee holiday

i stay at harbour plaza at the start   night and end   night of a holiday to bali

absolutly fantastic hotel

as a special treat for our honeymoon we book this hotel on our return journey to the uk from australia . we stay   night and choose one of the harbour club rooms . these rooms be all situate on the   floor and the majority have a wonderful view of victoria harbour as ours did . we specify at the time of book we want a harbour view . be in the harbour club give you exclusive complimentary extra such as continental breakfast , afternoon tea and cake , evening bite and alcoholic drink   until   , fitness centre use , free laundry limited to one suit per day ,     off restaurant , late   checkout , business facility such as use of conference room , interpreter services , free internet access in lounge pay access in rooms i book directly with the hotel seven month prior to stay and it be simple , just use their website and submit credit card details to secure the room

our stay at harbour plaza be fantastic . the location be fine , very easy to get about . you just have to plunge in and have a go

i really enjoy my stay at harbor plaza hotel . my harborview room have a very nice view of victoria harbor . the hotel staff be very kind and knowledgeable and they speak proficient english . the buffet downstairs have a very delicious selection of foods . the pool on the rooftop , however , be quite small but it be okay

my husband book the harbour plaza for a surprise trip . i live in hong kong prior to handback and hang hom would not have be my first choice of location but   be happy to take a look

stay in a harbour view room for one night . ok room overlook victoria harbour . old feeling of bathroom . have stay in multiple   star hotel and resort in bangkok and phuket when compare the price of this hotel you get better everything room , service , hotel ameneties , restaurant at half price in thailand . friendly hotel staff . shuttle bus only for shopping transportation . if you have a suitcase they will not let you go

when we book this hotel we ask for a room overlook the harbour as there be national day firework on the night we arrive , on check in be tell we could view firework from pool deck if we pay   h k dollar each ! ! that be so rude . the hotel it self be o k , public area lovely , rooms very tired , my bed have to be change as the spring in the mattress dug in my back , it be change immediatly but no appologies , all complete in silence . there be a television in the room and pay movie that cost alot , there be much better choice for hong

go to the harbour plaza hong kong as part of a honeymoon world trip

i have stay at this hotel   times and it just seem to get better   off the beaten path of major shopping but there be no better place to come back to after a long day or night in hk  service be outstanding and buffet , while just a little pricey have a great diversity of food and plenty of it  enjoy drink and food outdoors right next door at thewaterfront bar while gaze out over the waterfront   while the standard rooms be adequate , i highly recommend a harbour view room   the view be stunning   nothing better to gaze at first thing in the morning and late at night  while it be a little remove from nathan rd , a short   block walk bring you to some nice shopping and other eatery as well   i will continue to stay here on my future trip to hkand i give it my highest recommendation

great hotel and good

stay here for   night at the beginning of september in a harbour view room . we be only on the   floor but the view be still impressive . the rooms themselves be spacious and clean with a seperate sit area . my partner particularly like the chaise lounge in front of the large window

superb hotel with large room and superb view,stayed in a harbour view room and the view take your breath away,pool area well lay out and clean with a

what can i say about this hotel , it be probably one of the best i have every stay in

the harbour plaza hong kong hotel be locate on the main land harbour water front with a view over to hong kong island . the night time view be amazing . its location be slightly out of the centre of kowloon but actually this be an advantage as it mean the hotel have a promenade along the water front so you can sit or stroll outside . the hotel 's facility be excellent and it be beautifully furnished  with a variety of restaurants bars include one at which you can sit outside . the buffet breakfast be very good , cater for all taste and large appetites . the swim pool be on the roof   floor up which at first seem a bit strange but offer great view and a relax atmosphere . the hotel run a complimentary return bus service into kowloon centre every   minutes until late evening which save money on taxis . our hotel room be very comfortable with a harbour view where you could watch ship , cruise liner and traditional chinese fishing boats  it be fascinating stuff

my wife and i spend five night at this hotel . on recommendation from friend we upgrade to a harbour view club room

this be a great city hotel

well let me start by say the be by far the best hotel i have ever stay in , and i find it hard to believe i will find a hotel that will better it

overall this hotel be great but we have some strange moments . i have splurge for the harbor view so when we arrive we get a room assign to the   floor . i ask if we could be move to a higher floor and the front desk have a weird reaction , almost like     how dare you ask    . could be my imagination of course . my husband think it be because we look quite young . so the concierge take us up to our room and when we walk in , it jus stank of smoke . we of course request a non smoking room and the room smell like it be be use for that purpose solely . we do n't overreact just calmly say that there be not way we can stay here , and the concierge i think be embarrassed . he call down to the front desk and they immediately upgrade us to a club floor . a question begs itself   why do n't they just upgrade us right away when i ask and instead try to shove us in a smoking room ? weird

we have a super harbourview room in this hotel . location be not a problem as there be a courtesy bus to main shopping district . service and people in hotel be second to none . they could not be faulted . breakfast be great especially the pancakes and so be the buffet style dinner   especially the chocolate fountain every night ! you must visit the lady market which we really enjoy for the battering . there be some character ! price for electronic good be great . get taxi to and from airport as it be even cheaper than the airport coach

hotel could n't be faulted . good location . great view over the harbour . food be very good . we would definitely recommend this

we have a great time , hong kong be wet post typhoone but the hotel be great . room be huge , bed very comfortable and bathroom pristine . the only disappointment be internet access not fully explain end up with   hour access rather than   min . the breakfast be disappointing with questionnable cooking technique at the egg station , so we do not eat breakfast there again . the location of the hotel be fantastic , local shop and ferry to hong kong island a minute away . we would definately stay there again and would recommend this hotel to anyone

a brilliant hotel which be just far enough away from the main hustle and bustle of hong kong  kowloon , but also within easy reach of everything you can use either the free shuttle or a local taxi , also the ferry to hong kong island central be a short   min walk . the staff be excellent and the hotel be immaculate . the roof top pool give great view over to hong kong only thing it close at   ! to the review who complain about no free water in the room this have be rectify and be a very welcome addition . we will be stay again

stay there for holiday purpose with my wife . have an room at the executive club floor

if you could pick the hotel up and move it next to the peninsula    

great hotel with excellant view of victoria harbour from the harbour view rooms . be slightly concern about location before arrival but find bus service and ferry   min walk away so get about be not an issue , direct links to the island and central kowloon . room be excellant and some good eatery not far away , even if a little pricey as per hotel ! great shopping in whampoa   min walk

stay for   night in july in a harbour club harbour view room , which i highly recommend . service be impecible and the food and drink in the lounge excellent

the harbour plaza be splendid . the experience start at the airport , where they have their own info desk . they be able to double check the reservation and recommend transportation option to get into town . we wound up take a taxi , which cost     hkd , about     us , but it be so much easier than any of the other option that it be worth it

this be a fantastic hotel . we have a club room on the   floor  with harbour views . we have a very spacious room this be hong kong and normally i â € ™ would expect something small . the room be spotless and very well maintained . lovely bathroom also â € “ have a bath and separate shower which be great . breakfast be excellent with a huge variety of hot and cold food to choose from

situate in hang hom on kowloon , so a bit out of things . bit of a pain in the evening   have to get a taxi into the main kowloon area , or ferry to hk island . be aware that harbour view rooms have a harbour view , but not a view of the city . hotel courtesy shuttle service be unreliable if the bus be full , not another for   min or an hour so my advice be do n't rely on it . taxis be relatively cheap but take a dual language hotel card , there be lots more mainland chinese there these days , and they speak little or no english

i have stay here several times on business trips . the most recent time , i book a     deluxe view    room and get a small room with a view of high rise

we book the harbour plaza follow a recommendation from our neighbour

after reading the many great review , i decide to book this hotel on a lie over , before go into mainland china . i be definintely not disappoint ! the hotel be absolutely beautiful and the staff be top notch . i book a club room with a harbor view which be spectacular . paul and bob at the concierge desk be extremely helpful and true gentlemen . we take the ferry over to the hong kong island and go up to victoria 's peak , which provide an incredible view . in regard to comment of this hotel be a bit away from the action , i be actually very please with that fact . after go to the     action    it be very nice to come back to such a relax environment

an absolute gem of a hotel . we upgrade on arrival to a club room , it have the most fantastic harbour view . i could go on write for ever , praise this hotel but i think the best recommendation come

i stay in this hotel for   night with   others for my brother wedding . hotel be very nice , the staff be very accommodate , location be ok if not a little far away from the action

this hotel be excellent . even though it be not in the main city , it be very close and be easily accessible via taxi or free shuttle bus provide by the hotel . tsim sha tsui be less than   min away via taxi . food in the hotel be great , and even if you want to head out for a meal , there be alot of options . one be to walk down the street to cdc for breakfast   very cheap ! the hotel be also walk distance to hang hom pier , which give you direct access to central on hong kong island

one of the highlight of my trip to asia ! this hotel be simply great ! from the moment you arrive it be just wonderful ! very beautiful marble lobby and very nice buffet breakfast restaurant with a harbour view  

fantastic hotel , this be in kowloon but you have a great view of hk island . this be a   class hotel , the rooms be great and very clean . facility great , the pool on the roof be lovely and the deli be great . this be a great base for explore , and min away from the star ferry terminal . this be ideal as a stop over hotel . we be on our way to australia , thank you ! ! !

we spend a few days here between eur and au . a very good hotel that be slightly off the beaten track  about   km east of nathan rd . great view and pretty good value for money . we get upgrade to a suite but no view . the pool be out of action when we be there but it be in a spectacular setting . do n't miss the evening buffet  it ca n't be fault for quality and variety

i look at a lot of hotel on kowloon that face the beautiful hong kong and this hotel be the best view that be not too expensive . the hotel be definately a   star hotel . rooms be very nice and clean with marble bathrooms . make sure you upgrade to a harbor view . we get the club level which include a breakfast , afternoon snack and drink in the evening which be totally worth every penny

second time a this hotel and still the best ever hotel we have stay at . everything be perfect just as good as the first time . the staff be friendly , happy and ever eager to please . they be happy to do anything ask small or large . nothing be a problem . they be polite and friendly and the hotel be very clean throughout . there be someone cleaning something all day and night . the restaurant be the same the food be great and price be reasonable . well worth stay here . the shuttle to tst take no more than   min in heavy traffic . we love every minute of our   day stay and will most definately come back

stay in the harbour plaza for   night at the beginning of march , book a harbourview room and we be not disappointed . the room be spacious and comfortable , the view be gorgeous to wake up to in the morning . we do n't eat breakfast here as it be quite expensive , but there be plenty of choice around . we eat in the hotel one night , it be a beautiful buffet , but also a bit on the expensive side . the rooftop pool be beautiful but very cold when we be there . the shuttle bus into town be great and very handy . we love everything about the hotel , and hope to return someday for a longer visit

it be just the respite we need from the humid weather and bad cab ride . it smell like fresh flower as we walk in the lobby

what a wonderful hotel

the hotel be beautiful and the room be very comfortable . we book a harbor view room but have only a very limited view of the harbor

stay here for two night in may and absolutely love it . hk be expensive in terms of hotel and this one provide the amazing buzz of that incomparable view to hk island across the harbour as well as be affordable . very little in hk will offer both those

i spend alot of time on tripadvisor try to find the most suitable hotel for our trip to hk   the one i really want to stay at be out of my price range , but the harbour plaza have receive consistently good review both on tripadvisor and other site   magazines . not know hk i do not know whether the location would be good or not , and when we first arrive i think we have make the wrong choice as the hotel be outside the centre of kowloon . i be wrong ! although not central there be a star ferry almost in front of the hotel which run every   minutes or so to hk island . and a free regular hotel shuttle which take you to kowloon central and back . alternatively taxi be less than Â £   to centre of kowloon . so location be not a problem . hotel be very good only thing i really dislike be that the air condition be on freeze in all the public areas   . make sure you get a harbour view room

we be very pleasantly surprise by the quality of this hotel . this be because we take the hotel shuttle bus from the airport and by the time we have drop everyone else off at a variety of hotel , we begin to wonder be ours nice , mediocre , will we wish we 'd stay elsewhere

this be my first time in hong kong and i book this hotel base on the very favourable review on trip advisor

i stay here for   night for work

although not right in the heart of kowloon this hotel allow you to step back away from all the hustle and bustle of the tst and mon kok area

we be look for a base to explore hong kong with our   young child and book the hp after read earlier reviewer comment which by and large be pretty close to the mark in terms of our experience

we book this hotel while we be stay here on vacation for   days and find the follow

this be a good value , excellent hotel in a gorgeous set on the harbour , and i have stay here twice . you walk in and there be floor to ceiling windows along the water , and that 's your breakfast view too . the location be good for a little walk along the harbour , and there 's a lot around the hotel , include the ferry to wan chai and central too maybe ?

on our way from australia to europe we decide to give our little kid a break and stay a few night in hong kong to interrupt the trip . decide on the harbour plaza base on different review find here and elsewhere

when we first arrive the the hotel and for the first few days to be honest ! we think we have choose a good hotel , but a bit inconvenient location wise . as our trip progress however , and we become more familiar with hk , we soon discover that you can get to and from this hotel extremely easily from almost anywhere in hk by use bus to and from everywhere , ferry   minutes away , the hotel shuttle , and taxi 's cheap in hk . be next to the harbour , and be in a somewehat quieter suburb whampoa be just delightful . to be honest , once you explore the shop around the hotel in a little more detail , you soon discover that you can shop for days and days just near the hotel without go into the mad crowd at nathan st if you like ! there be everything   restaurant , shop , ice creams , etc etc . in the early morning , be on a lovely harbour promenade be just wonderful

when we first arrive at the hotel i be a little disappoint at the location but i soon change my mind . we have always stay on hong kong island before but decide to try kowloon and we 'd certainly return

i hate leave really positive review as i know it will be more difficult for me to stay in future however   

i can not fault this hotel in any way   the hotel itself be beautiful and the staff helpful in every way

this be a great hotel and be in a very good location . the hotel staff and service be excellent and the breakfast be fantastic . the restaraunts on site be good and the location be ideal , very close to ferry terminal   mtr and also have free shuttle bus to town if required . my only gripe be the single courtyard view rooms be very small and a little claustraphobic but adequate for a short stay

excellent hotel ! ! ! very beautiful with a magnigicent view across victoria harbour of hong kong . the promenade restaurant in the main lobby area serve a fabulous buffet breakfast with selection range from traditional american breakfast fare to dim sum

a first class hotel , just as we have hope for . it be our silver wed year and we want somewhere special and we be not disappointed . i have read all the available review prior to leave australia and some people have complain about the distance to nathan road . we do not find this a problem at all . we use to use the star ferry to central then on some days take the ferry to tsim sha sui and do our shopping then get the hotel shuttle back to the hotel we eat at the hotel twice but we find a superb restaurant five min walk away call outback steakhouse . superb value , food and it be full of local always a good sign . also the view from the wampoa lounge at the hotel at night be to die for . the be nothing like it in the world that i have see except maybe new york or sydney harbour , it,s up there with them . overall a wonderful hotel and i would recommend it to anyone

this be a beautiful hotel in hum hong . top class

this hotel have a decent locale , stay here from   of april   for two night , it be my   time in hk , and i do n't know what to expect , the hotel be close to many amenities , you wo n't go hungry , atm be nearby , and there 's even a departmental store just around the corner , if you want to save on cab fare , there 's the reliable and complimentary shuttle bus , and a ferry to north point just around the corner . the rooms be clean , decent , great view regrettably , it be misty hazy during my visit . my only mini irk be the fact that the remote control for my telly do n't work , probably just an isolate incident . service wise , my room be not ready by the time i arrive around   , plus the reception seem abit slow , but the sincerity of the concierge and the attend staff be noteworthy , in my opinion

we bkd the hp after read previous review and we be not disappointed . pre stay , the hotel book seats for us on the airport shuttle coach on arrival in hk airport and this make the end of our long journey very comfortable . the location of the hotel be ideal , it 's on the waterfront overlook victoria harbour and there 's a lovely walkway way directly in front of the hotel which be ideal for a post breakfast or pre dinner stroll . we arrive at the hotel late afternoon after a long flight and be greet by extremely professional , friendly and courteous staff . one of the doorman actually remember my name for the duration of our   night stay . our harbour view room be spacious , very comfortable and just as expect from a   * hotel . the breakfast buffet be lovely , albeit , the waiter do n't leave coffee pot on your table and you have to keep ask for refill a very minor criticism . we have the dinner buffet twice as to be honest there be n't that much directly around the hotel and again the choice and quality be very good . there be a free hourly shuttle bus into the centre of kowloon from the hotel as it 's just too far to walk . the hotel be an ideal base for see the site of hk as it 's away from all the hussle     bussle and we will definately stay at the hp next time we visit hk

okay this hotel be a little out of the way you ca n't easily walk to say nathan rd   even if you have the inclination but it be service excellently by the hotel mini coach . less than   min to the heart of the action and that 's after take a detour to make some stop to get there . at the hotel there be plenty of option price range     food wise to keep you satisfy for food and drink

the view from the pool be worth the price of the room alone

i stay at this hotel   and   march   prior to a cruise down to vietnam . when we drive up to the main entrance it remind me of the glitz of la vegas . it be simply stunning . checking in be very smooth at the spacious , elegant reception area and the superior harbour view room on the   floor have beautiful view of the harbour from the large panoramic windows . the bathroom be huge however the placement of the loo be somewhat of an after think ! . there be always staff on hand at reception to carry luggage , open door and order taxis and they be always very polite . the food in the harbour grill restaurant be very good but a little pricey , mainly due to the high cost of wine in general , in hong kong . i would agree that the location be some what a little way out of the     happening    part of the city but it be refresh to be able to stroll out on the promenade either before or after dinner and enjoy a drink at the waterfront bar which have an extend happy hour most evening . the hotel do operate an excellent free shuttle bus to and from the main area and a star ferry be on the door step , so all in all you have just about the best combination you could want . i would return without any hesitation and would strongly recommend this hotel to any of my friend

this hotel be simply breathtaking    the rooms be all spotlessly clean , the hotel facility be second to none and the view from the rooms , bars and restaurant be stunning . to swim in the rooftop hotel overlook the hk skyline leave us with a memory we will never forget

we have just get back from the harbour plaza in hong kong . we love it ! the service from the staff be excellent ! it be well worth pay a bit extra and upgrade to 'the harbour club    as you stay a big room face the harbour and you can have breakfast in the lounge on the   floor rather than have breakfast on the ground floor which can be noisy and crowded . also , snack and drink be complimentary between   and internet access be free . the staff could n't do enough for us , they be very helpful and proffessional . the rooftop pool be to die for

stay at the harbour plaza a couple of night in november and have a pleasant enough stay . nothing spectacular , but no problem either . after have stay a few night in   star hotel in tokyo and bangkok , the room at the harbour plaza be a bit of a disappointment  relatively small and just average for asian standard . the view , however , be amazing . overall , pretty much like a nicer holiday inn with a beautiful lobby and a spectacular pool

if this be your first time to hong kong or if you be a leisure traveler then this hotel be probably a pretty good bet for you . if you have travel to hong kong and stay previously in any of the major hotel then you will notice that the service here whilst excellent compare to elsewhere in the world , be just not as slick and sharp and do not quite meet the standard of hong kong â € ™ s many other better know hotels . i have stay in most of the well know hotel in hong kong so i guess i may expect a lot

this be a good hotel     a bit corporate    a bit business ey , but a quality hotel nevertheless with all mod cons and good service . i pay extra for a harbour view room and it be definitely worth it . the room be massive and the floor to ceiling windows give a sensational view over hong kong harbour

this hotel have magnificent view of the hong kong harbour . we have read this from previous reviewer and make sure to reserve a harbour view room . when we arrive at the hotel we be give a room that basically look at the apartment building next door . after speak with all type of polite yet completely unhelpful front desk staff we be finally move to a real harbour view room , this be pretty frustrate and i be not usually in the mood to have to argue for my right but i have feel we do pay for a harbour view so we deserve one . after move rooms , and tip the bellman again for move our bag everything after that meet expectation but no more

my wife and i really enjoy the harbour plaza . the rooms be fabulous , the service flawless , the facility excellent , and the price reasonable . the only problem we have be the internet access . it be quite pricey   usd per day and for   dollar us per night it be not unreasonable to have some internet access include in the base rate

after a nine hour flight , plus the joy of heathrow ! ! ! , together with a train journey from hk airport , plus a link bus to the hotel my wife and would have be less than overjoy at any duff recommendation from the travel agent for our three day stop over on the way to australia . the hotel facility and amenities be absolutely superb and the accommodation a harbour view superior rom very very adequate and the travel agent clear ability to purchase at bulk price make the three day stay as affordable as a one night stay in an equivalent hotel in central london   we can make a direct comparison have stay again in hong kong , albeit on the island this time , on the way back and although the hotel park lane be more central to shopping etc , it be more expensive than the harbour plaza . i have read many of the report on this site about the plaza before go     down under    and would agree that the harbour plaza be 'slightly ' out of the main area , but i feel this hardly matter as the ferry be within walk distance , and the price of taxis be ridiculously cheap . thoroughly recommend and would n't hesitate to stay again next winter when we next go to

my wife and i recently spend   night at the harbour plaza on our way to thailand and whilst the weather be unkind to us the hotel certainly make up for it . i book direct with the hotel via it 's website back in september and at the time it be the cheapest way with no upfront payment . about   week before leave i see a cheaper package offer and when i contact the hotel and explain they be more than happy to match the price ! we book a harbour club harbour view room and we be very please with it the extra cost of the club room be well worth it as it include breakfast either in the club lounge or downstairs in the main breakfast area . two breakfast alone be nearly as much as the club supplement ! you then have the advantage of fast track check in and out , tea     coffee throughout the day and a splendid     afternoon tea     from   till   then from   till   you can help your self to pre dinner snack , wine and beer . the staff be all very helpful and polite and the maid service be twice a day and very proffesional

a great hotel   great location and such good value . stay   night     the place meet all our expectation

we have book two rooms on the club floor , check in be in the club lounge on the   floor . the rooms be a good size , furnish to a good standard and clean . a nice touch be a set of personalise stationary put in the room on our arrival , internet access be free . they allow you two piece of laundry free per day which be great have two rooms

when i be try to find hotel for my trip to hk , ningbo and beijing i be concern because i have never be to any of these place before . when i go on line it appear that the harbour plaza have everything i be look for during my   days in hk . i be pleasantly surprise with how the hotel and its staff far exceed my expectations . i have never introduce myself to the doorman however after i check in , go to my room and then come back down to get a cab and tour , i be shock when the doorman address me use mr . and then my last name . for the   days i be there the staff be outstanding , the breakfast buffet be amazing and overall i would strongly endorse that anyone look for a fantastic hotel to book at the harbour plaza

just get back from hong kong with a stay at the hotel . first impression it be grand , clean , friendly and helpful . the doorman quickly learn our names and address us as such every time we come and go through the front doors . the reservation for our room go off without a hitch as we book through travelocity we do n't know what to expect . however , they be nice enough to upgrade us to a club floor with a fantastic harbour room . we do e mail them first to tell the hotel that we be come for a special occasion and they quickly reply that they would make an effort to make our stay special . we even get champagne and fruit in our room every morning

we stay at this hotel for   night , spending christmas     new year in hong kong . we book   harbour view rooms and the hotel arrange inter connecting rooms that provide more move space as a whole . here 's a more detail review

we stay at the harbor plaza during xmas   as a part of a flight + hotel package . we be a family of   and get two connect rooms . i specificially ask for non smoking and end up with a smoker 's room . they say they be sell out that night but that 's not a good excuse when i call week before . the good news be we do n't really smell the smoke , maybe we be too tired from the fllight . the hotel be off the main tourist area but that 's why i pick it . it be quiet and catch a cab be easy and cab be cheap in hk . we do n't eat at the hotel since the price be very expensive . there be many eatery outside the hotel in the condo complex a block down . coffe shop , many resturants , bakeries . the hotel be very modern and befit its   star rating . the rooms be very nice as well . they give you   free bottle of water each day . the pool at the roof top be very pretty and have a great view of the hk habor . check it out during the night but they close at   . outside from the smoking room , it be a very pleasant stay and i would return again

we book   rooms at this hotel for   night last december , and have a great overall hotel experience , except for a little problem with our room reservation upon check in

i really want to stay at this hotel on our visit to hong kong and i be so glad we do

stay here for   night on the return leg of our trip to australia , and be more than please with our choice . the hotel be situate on the hunghom waterfront of kowloon

our upgrade to a room with a view of the harbour make this a holiday to remember . as well as breakfast , afternoon tea ,fruit in the room , coffeeand tea when req , and pre dinner cocktail be also included . the staff in the club suite be all efficent , polite and helpful . we thoroughly enjoy the stay and try   of their restaurants  all excellent with a variety of price and menu choices . def stay here again and when you consider the free shuttle bus into kowloon centre good value

this be a superb hotel from a tourist perspective . the hotel be stunning being right on the waters edge look across the harbour towards hong kong island . the rooms be beautifully appoint i have a harbour view room and the view be stunning and the gym , pool and other facility be excellent . the staff be also helpful and pleasant and it be a joy to stay here . it be a   minute walk to the star ferry terminal for the   minute ferry ride to central or wan chai on hong kong island . in addition , the hotel run a courtesy bus to and from tsim sha tsui in kowloon give you easy access to this part of town . taxis be also plentiful and good value for money . the area right outside the hotel be worth not dismiss as there be numerous good value restaurant here as well as internet cafe where the use of the internet will cost you the price of a coffee . tip   ensure you get the hotel to write down the name of the hotel in cantonese for the taxis as there be   other hotel of the same name . a brilliant hotel   just go

spend christmas at this hotel and love every minute . the hotel have a superb pool overlook victoria harbour and the staff be really helpful . the location be superb with serene view over the harbour . the christmas atmosphere around the hotel be exceptional , include a local choir sing christmas carol on christmas day on the balcony stairs of the hotel

we stay at harbor plaza for   nights . the pool , lobby be very nice with lovely hk harbor view . hotel staff and even cleaning staff be very friendly and helpful . we have a   p .m . flight and the hotel staff extend our check out time to   p .m . to accomodate us . bed be comfortable . rooms and bed be kind of big in hk . but royal plaza have much bigger room . hotel have very good free shuttle to mtr station and free shuttle to kwoloon airport hub which you can check in your baggage without go to airport . the only setback be the tv be   's style and the bedside control be sometimes make beep sound which be annoy

i enjoy my stay at the harbour plaza hong kong   over the new year period . certainly a popular hotel   we be there   days and each day there be a wed ! it be great to see the grand staircase get decorate each day

just return from spending new year in hong kong , stay at the harbour plaza . it would be difficult to find fault with this hotel , beautiful view and all the staff be polite and helpful . we take the airport express to kowloon and then the free shuttle bus to the hotel , all well sign post and no wait , from landing to reach our room take about   minutes . it be worth buying an octopus card at the airport , public transport in hong kong be very easy to use and cheap , we tour hong kong island , take the peak tram and the ferry to outlying island , use the metro and over   days it cost us Â £   on arrive at the hotel the check in process be smooth and we be upgrade to harbour club class on the   floor , do pay a little extra for the harbour view , this certainly make our stay . a ferry pier be   minutes from the hotel and you can go to both central and wan chai from here , the only drawback be that these route stop run about   this do not cause problem as the hotel run a free shuttle service but do get to it early to get a seat or public bus no   run past the hotel , if all else fail it be a   walk along the harbour front from the middle of kowloon . for us the position of this hotel be not a problem , the quality , service , view and price be well worth any slight inconvenience . love hong kong and would stay at the harbour plaza again

fantastic stay at harbour plaza . spend   days there and like others be a bit unsure about location , but it be perfect

i have read some review here on tripadvisor where some negative things be say about this hotel . i like the look of the hotel and also the great deal that we get from expedia make the choice easy . get to this hotel from the airport be easy , and check in go very well . we receive a room on the   floor overlook the harbour , even with the haze it be worth it . from prior review i be worry that this hotel be far from anything but this be not the case . there be a lot of food and shoppping choice in the area , usually about a five minute walk the ferry to hong kong island be also about a   minute walk away . we use public transport to get around in hong kong , the only time we do not be that we would take the subway to the hang hom station and then take one of the many cab that be wait outside to the hotel . this be about   hkd which be about   dollar her in canada . this be because this be the closet station to the hotel . we be planning a trip to se asia again next year and if we layover for a few days in hong kong we will stay here again for sure . the staff be great , the room be clean and the location be excellant . if you have any question about this hotel feel free to contact me here through trip advisor because i think this hotel be great

this be a wonderful hotel on the kowloon side with spectacular view of the hong kong skyline if you get the right room   ask for a harbor view room , then if you do n't get a room with enough view of the skyline go back to the desk and ask for another one . we have to take a smoking room to get a great view , but the room do n't smell of smoke , and we only catch a whiff of smoke in the hall a couple of times

we book our stay through airmiles and although it be an unknown , it prove to be a fantastic decision the room be spacious and well equip , in a hotel that feel very palatial and life up to a   star rating . i read a report that that the breakfast be expensive , but at less than Â £   for a     fill your boots    feast we find it excellent

base on previous review of this hotel we book two rooms   one of our child and one for my wife and myself and stay for   night during december   . the review be spot on and we all have a great time at a hotel that certainly look after its customers . it probably be n't worth repeat a lot of what have be cover in previous post except to say

i contact the hotel direct to book and specifically ask for a room with a good harbour view . when we arrive we be tell we have be allocate a room on the   floor ,superior rooms,but after a short wait be tell that we would be in a room on the executive   floor , include one free breakfast and one for     off all for just under Â £   per night . check in staff very helpful and friendly as be all staff

have just come back from a   week stay at this hotel , i can not praise it enough . we have originally worry a little that we would be too far away from the action , but in the end decide to go ahead as for a longer stay think it may be a bonus be in a slightly quieter area , it be the right choice

we stay at this hotel for   night , with our two small child and this hotel be just superb ! great location , magnificent view , oblige staff , comfortable rooms    it really do have it all

stay for   night in this impressive hotel which anywhere else would merit   stars . large lobby check in area with a huge marble staircase and fountain . very helpful staff and no delay checking in or out . the room be a superior room with view out over the harbour . fantastic it be large with a huge king size bed and plenty of room to move around . the bathroom be also huge and both be very clean and comfortable . there be a choice of restaurant in the hotel plus an excellent small coffee shop . the choice and quality of food be extensive , especially in the downstairs buffet restaurant , but it be a little on the expensive side . i be concern about the location as it be a bit away from the action in downtown kowloon but i need not have worry as there be a free shuttle bus every half hour to nathan road and the star ferry , plus the other ferry over to hong kong island be only a five minute walk away . there be also a lovely roof top pool and fitness room on the top of the hotel with fantastic view over the city

i have be to harbour plaza for   night during an holiday trip

i absolutely love the hotel    from the large reception area to the attentive staff

the hotel have a greet modern building, . the facility be absolutely stunning i .e . swim pool , sauna , restaurant , gym . friendly staff , and a big reception so you don â € ™ t have to wait to be served . it be really what we call a   star hotel . the ferry that take you to the central district be   minutes walk . a lot of shop available around the area

we stay twice in november , go to and come from australia . both visit prove to be very enjoyable

stay here for   week and enjoy every day . the first week i have harbour view from one of the upper floor

we spend two night at this hotel at the beginning of november . we reserve a harvour view room and be not disappointed the view be spectacular . we have breakfast in the room on both of the morning we be there , overlook the harbour

this be our   trip to hk so we choose somewhere different to the ritz carlton for a change . our deluxe harbour view room be more like a suite with a separate live room and second bathroom . overall quality be good and the view unrestricted   although you 're not directly opposite the main area of hk that offer the dazzle light show so it 's not as dramatic . we stay for   night and do n't eat at the hotel so can not comment . it 's a large hotel and so it lack character when compare to the ritz carlton so with the benefit of both , i would recommed the rc over the hp for that alone . as with all hotel of this standard in hk , the value for money be average . staff in general be very friendly although we do have to wait to be acknowledge when checking in even though they be not busy . all in all , it 's a clean , modern hotel , with lots of people come and go , in a quiet part of kowloon whampoa gdns . access to hk be via an easy   min walk to the star ferry or a     Â £   cab ride to central

we only stay in the hotel for one night in one of their club harbour view rooms . the hotel be excellent with great view over the harbour . the star ferry from hang hom to wanchai or central be   minutes walk away along the seafront and the hotel run various shuttle buses . however from a transport point of view you be not particularly close to the mtr and will need to rely on taxis if you be not prepare to wait for the ferry shuttle buses . we have a very good meal in the hotel chinese restaurant and i would thoroughly recommend the pork and pear main course that they receive an award for in one of the local culinary competition

the harbour plaza be fantastic   a modern , comfortable and first class hotel . we stay in kolwoon and do not regret it as we have the best of both worlds . the ferry terminal to both north point and central be a short walk away and run every   minutes . equally the hotel run a courtesy bus to the pinnacle in kowloon every half hour which give you access to all that 's on offfer the hotel be excellent , great view over the harbour and food tremendous   if you want to eat in do and you wont regret it   but its easy to go out locally or by the bus and ferry to a variety of other restaurants could not fault this hotel and would happily recommend it to others

excellent , efficient hotel with super view across the harbour to north point and causeway bay . distant view of the convention centre and victoria harbour . the star ferry from hang hom to wanchai or central be   minutes walk away along the seafront

we love harbour plaza ! it 's a beautiful hotel right on the harbour   we have a fabulous large room with   double bed for myself     my   old daughter . we 'd wake up every morning and look at the beautiful view of the harbour   fantastic ! the service be great   they be very polite and helpful . it be further out of the way than i think and at first be disappoint , but it turn out to be fantastic to be near shop and restaurant not frequent as much by tourists . the shuttle service be spot on , and the ferry to hong kong be very convenient . i 'd definitely stay there again and recommend it to anyone

w stay for   night in october . the airport be easy to navigate with friendly and helpful staff the security staff put to shame the third world arrangement at heathrow . one tip , make sure you collect the excellent local guide to hk , freely available in the airport . it contain all of the tourist destination in chinese , necessary as most taxi driver do n't speak english

this hotel be in a lovely area with nice restaurant in the hotel or around . the room we have overlook the courtyard be spaceous and very clean . you can book a harbour view room but as we be either in the rooftop pool which overlook the harbour or walk the area feel it be n't worth the extra expense . the boardwalk area also overlook the harbour and be quite beautiful especially at night . a ferry be only a few steps away . the free shuttle service be ok but do not go to the lady market etc so you have to find your own way . taxi 's be very cheap but make sure you have someone write your destination point and take the hotel address in chinese as many do not speak english . the shuttle do however take you to kowloon station where they book you in for your flight and take your luggage and then you can take the express train to the airport . very easy but leave plenty of time . from leave the hotel till arrive at the gate of departure at the airport it take   hours

very good hotel with a roof top pool and terrace which be lovely

my husband and i stay here for   night in early september , on our way to samui , thailand

what a great hotel ! ! feeling terrible after a   hour flight from europe arrive at about   and with no hotel book for hk , we find a great deal on the web for this hotel . we could n't believe it when they check us in straight away which be worth its weight in gold . great service ! the hotel be in hang hom which be a little distant from kowloon , but the hotel offer a free shuttle to kowloon every   hour so that 's not a problem . the bus to the airport train shuttle do free pick up drop offs at the hotel as well . it 's a   minute walk to catch the ferry to hong kong island . we have a harbour view room   and what a view ! the room have everything we wanted . the pool and gym be great as well , but it be the service which be best   everyone speak english and be very helpful and friendly . thorooughly recommend !

we stay at harbour plaza at easter this year . if it be a   star then the   star must be something . the main feature of this hotel be the view   it be situate kowloon side of victoria harbour and if in a harbour view room   which we be , the view of hong kong island and the harbour be fantastic especially at night when the light from the ship and the skyscraper make a great show

my wife and i stay at the harbour plaza as a stop over on our way home from new zealand . the hotel meet all our requirement which be mainly somewhere to relax after   week travel   and we be not disappoint with our choice . the hotel be position away from the main hassle in a quieter part of kowloon . an early morning swim the pool be on the   floor set you up for a days exploration . there be a local ferry terminal , very close by , which provide a fascinating journey to hong kong island from where all the main tourist attraction can be visited . if you require to travel into kowloon the hotel provide a free shuttle bus with conveniently place drop off points . taxi 's be a way of life and therefore be very reasonable should you require another part of town . after a days sightsee we return to the hotel for the evening happy hour more than welcome when the temperature exceed   c and the main restaurant provide an adequate selection of meal if you decide to stay local for the evening . ala   days be a very small time in hong kong but we will return to both hong kong and the harbour plaza

stay at the harbour plaza for one night , en route to oz . have book a harbour view room , however as the hotel be full due to a wed we be upgrade to a suite on the   floor   part of the presidential suite ! the room be everything you could imagine and more   if you be lucky enough to get upgrade , or can afford to pay for it    do it ! ! the room even have its own sauna ! the room have a tv , hi fi , mini bar , tea coffee facility , safe and a large bathroom with jacuzzi bath and separate large shower . the view over the harbour be great   especially if you go up to the rooftop pool area . the pool be spacious and warm with a clear glass wall overlook the harbour . the gym be well equip and again have excellent view   great for keep your mind of the hard slog on the treadmill ! ! if you want shopping there be plenty nearby two roads behind the hotel with a good variety of restaurants . a two minute walk along the quayside will get you to the star ferry . this be a fantastic way to see the sights of the harbour area and get you across to hong kong island   do n't bother book any water tours   use the ferry

we stay here for four night on a round the world trip . the hotel be very modern , very stylish and locate across the water from the main city . its only a few minutes from the ferry so also very convenient . our room be large , very comfortable with excellent view of hong kong island and the ever changing scene of boat , junk etc . the bathroom be huge , marble and have a walk in shower and separate bath . we eat in the restaurant one evening , and the food be good , but not special . its buffet style . there be a wed go on , which provide endless amusement and interest . there be a roof top pool with spectacular view and plenty of sun beds . we would return to this hotel for its quiet location after the frantic pace of the city

dirty hotel with sneaky , stupid employees . i actually find a condom under the bed . five star exterior , three star hotel room and one star management

we stay at the harbour plaza hotel for three night in april   my family husband , sister and parent and i have be visit relative in new zealand and decide to have a few night in hong kong on the way back to england . we have an amazing time   fall in love with both the hotel and the city itself

i do n't often give a hotel five star , so come from me this be high praise indeed

this be a nice modern hotel , with a good choice of restaurant and a good view , if you get a harbour view room

i have stay at the harbour plaza many times over the past   years for business and it be always a consistently good hotel

stay at the harbour plaza for two week in august   room   on the harbour club level . mid size room with huge bed and nice bathroom . fantastic view of the harbour   we could spend hours watch the various boat and ferry . it be nice to be able to start the day with the buffet breakfast before hit the hot and humid street of hong kong . all the staff we speak to be very effiecient   we be ask for a late check out and be able to extend our stay till   with out charge . we only use the pool once but it be great to get up on the roof for the fantastic view

we choose this hotel for its value and view of the harbour , and we be not disappoint in any way . the view of the harbour be just fantastic . note that we do book a harbourside room

me and my daughter just get back from hk and the harbour plaza . i can not fault the hotel and its staff at all . some review say it be a little far out but we find it just right . the free hotel shuttle bus run every half hour and the star ferry terminal be two minutes walk away and you can not tire of ride the star ferry . i will stop here again when i go back to hk

we stay in one of the club harbourview rooms . for a bit extra we be able to access additional services include breakfast . as we be also look for a room with a bit more space for our daughter to share with us , this seem like the perfect option

we stay here en route to australia , and be an experience we loved . the room be simple , clean and have the most fantastic view . breakfast at sunrise be magical as the sun rise over the harbour , and the buffet be the best we have ever had . highly recommend

great hotel , great pool and great views . plenty of shop nearby but away from the centre so much more relax

i have be meaning to write a review of the harbour plaza ever since we have return from hong kong in mid june but have be terribly lazy . however , the last two review have prompt me to offer a defence of the harbour plaza staff

for a five star hotel this be good value . we have a great room on the   floor overlook the harbour . the room be a good size with comfortable bed and all the usual fitting   bar fridge , safe , iron , hairdryer etc . the general tone of the hotel be high class with lots of marble and gold chandelier

we stay here on the last leg of a   journey to china . the customer service at check in be very poor . we find the staff to be very arrogant and uncaring . they have a take it or leave it attitude from the beginning . they be to arrange an airport transfer for us and when we arrive in the lobby the next morning the manager the night before do not make the reservation . the family suite be very small and the sofa bed be so bad we pull that mattress out and the kid sleep on the floor . be aware of this hotel . the staff be not what you would expect from a   star hotel ! !

just return from a six night stay at the harbour plaza hong kong with my two daughter   and   first impression be good , luxurious feel about the place , crystal chandelier , beautiful harbourfront location , extensive use of marble etc . on arrival , we be show to our room which be suppose to be a deluxe harbour view room on club level with three beds . we find a very cramp corner room with only two bed and a slight glimpse of water between two building and no extra bed nor room to put one in there . three people would have be very cramp in this room ! i immediately return to reception to complain coincidentally , i have see mention of this practice on previous review of this hotel of them try to palm people off with inferior rooms so , i be already alert to this

my folks and i stay at the harbour plaza in may this year . i book it because i 'd see the review and the photo on tripadvisor and be really glad i do , so thanks to all who 'd post on it good or bad

go on our first visit to hong kong in may     spend   night at the the plaza in whompoa garden   absolutely terrific   the ambience the staff everything be lovely more than our expectation   we arrive early in the morning and check in at about   and even though it be an early check in a room be make available straight away   infact we have a free upgrade to a room overlook the harbour and hong kong island   priceless . the four days we spend in hong kong will be memorable but the hotel be the ice on the cake . breakfast be a feast   courtesy bus every half hour to tsimshatsui . ferry to hong kong island just outside the door . the esplanade outside be a delightful place to sit in the evening overlook the harbour and the view . staff be lovely and when the receptionist find out it be my husband birthday  cake and wine arrive at our door with a lovely birthday card which we will treasure . the plaza a definite must   only one question where be the fourth floor

i have just return back from my second stay at harbour plaza hk , and it be just as good  if not better than my first stay

i have read great review on harbour plaza hk and that 's why i decide to stay here . and i have to say i be not dissapointed

stay in this hotel for three night as part of honeymoon

the harbour plaza be a godsend in expensive hong kong   a great hotel with fine , clean , modern rooms with well above average service . my family and i stay here recently and i be absolutely sure we 'll be back

have read some of the earlier , not too kind review , i wonder if i have do the right thing in book   night at this hotel

harbour plaza be on kowloon side and although not in the heart of everything , be in a nice quiet location and only a free shuttle or short taxi ride to everything . hotel rooms be quite large and modern with most have gorgeous harbour views . restaurant on ground floor with   story floor to ceiling windows that allow the morning sun to stream through . staff be friendly and helpful . i would definitely stay here again and have recommend to others

we just return from a week in hong kong and a have wonderful experience at the harbour plaza hotel . besides a good value for the money , the hotel be beautiful and the service be fabulous

have not be to hong kong before and not know the lie of the land this be a bit of a stab in the dark , base on reading lots of traveller reviews . i ca n't remember why i finally plump for the harbour plaza hong kong , and when i work out where the hotel be i be hunghom , kowloon a little worry , but this be prove to be completely unfounded

we book our harbourview room through the hotel 's website after reading the review on tripadvisor . after visit pollute , hectic beijing , stay in hong kong at the quiet , off the beaten path harbour plaza be a real treat

i stay at this hotel with my mum for   night in may   overall , we feel the hotel deserve a   star rating   we have stay in plenty of   star hotel and this one just do n't stand up to those

overall i be look forward to stay at the hotel but the hotel itself be nothing special . firstly the reception staff be not helpful or friendly at all on arrival . actualy they make me feel very uncomfortable . the room itself on the club floor be a harbor view and although not picture perfect it be very nice . the room itself be date , old and in need of a renovation . the club floor receptionist be not friendly nor helpful at all . the distance from downtown be fine and i use taxis . on checkout i pay a portion of the bill in cash and the balance on credit card . i be charge the full amount on my credit card . when i say again that i have pay nearly us     in cash just less than   second before the receptionist say that i not ! ! very strange behaviour ! anyway it all get sort out , but i feel like i have do something wrong ! no apolagy at all , just a sour look from the staff ! overall not really impress at all and would not stay here again

we book the harbour plaza after reading solid , positive review on trip advisor . we be expect a high standard and be not disappoint by the hotel or the staff

stay here on a stopover . the hotel be very grand and the staff be very attentive and welcoming . the choice of restaurant in the hotel be good although quite expensive but their buffet be excellent

after much research , i book this hotel through whotif com and feel like i get a great deal . be really expect alot after read the other review leave here and i guess it have alot to live up to . arrive after get the really convienent public train and bus connection   inital impression be great   the location be right on the harbour and the foyer use this to its best advantage with its huge floor to ceiling glass

my wife and i stay at the harbour plaza during a   day business visit . this be our second time , the first   years ago on our way to australia . we be so impress first time that we do not look to anywhere else this time

this hotel be not central at all . be careful because we do n't check this and to be honest it be a pain . when we go to nathan road we have a lot of trouble get back as the taxi driver do n't seem to understand where we be stay , apparently there be   harbour plaza and they do n't know which one to take us to !

read all the review

the hotel be set in a beautiful location with magnification view , our initial room be mediocre but the change it at our request as the harbour view which we have request be only partially visible

fantastic hotel , fantastic view , we be treat to a storm in the harbour , magical . pool be definitely worth a look ! !

select this hotel after read the glow report on this website . stay for four night in april and overall be disappointed . this seem to me to be an     events    hotel with three wedding in four days . staff be preoccupy with handling of these event , parking and so forth . room be not ready when we arrive after check in time and it take one half hour to check out . there be only one computer for customer use in business centre . concierge be not as knowledgeable or helpful as others . the rooftop pool and view be beautiful . it be a great asset for family , however , it close at       the room be spacious but nothing out of the ordinary . we book know the location be a bit out of the way , and it was . while taxi 's be indeed cheaper than i be use to i do not like the waste time i spend in them . all say and do , i would not choose to say here again

enjoy it immensly , service be

book this hotel for a two night stay after reading the review on trip advisor . be well worth take the advice that we read as we have a wonderful stay . have book a harbour view room and get a nice suprise when we book in and end up on the club floor .   floor with amazing view of the area except for the mist !

harbour plaza   to  

stay for   night to celebrate my mother   birthday . i have book harbour view rooms and well worth the extra money as the view be simply wonderful

my boyfriend and i have just emigrate to australia from england . before we settle into aussie life we have take this opportunity to travel to hong kong , sydney , canberra and melbourne before arrive and settle in adelaide

a great place to stay . rooms be spacious , rooftop pool be amazing , great views . service be good , and would recommend the breakfast which have a great selection of western and asian fare . have a gym , which we do not try but look impressive . have an amazing variety of healthy body services include massage , sauna and aromatherapy . would definitely stay here again . location be great with a free shuttle every half hour to main street nathan road . pleasant to walk around hotel unlike other central hotels . have good room service , and restaurant be reasonably price and food be good

excellent hotel by the water , good service and room of good size and standard

all the review of this hotel be great . it 's cost effective and a great spot to stay    and yes , we have an upgrade as well . even though we arrive at   they accomodated us and get us straight into our great room . the shuttle bus be invaluable and a great service

have read so much about overprice hotel and small rooms in hong kong , this hotel far exceed our expectations . the rooms overlook the harbour and bed be large , the staff courteous and helpful , the breakfast and dinner buffet exceptional though of course more expensive than outside and the   floor rooftop pool a stunning experience

as per other review this be , all round , and excellent hotel . the staff , from the guy who open the front door to the management that seem always to be on hand be faultless

we stay here for   night prior to a trip round china . i book it direct with the hotel and find it to be a very easy process . we have friendly communication prior to leave the uk and the staff be very friendly . it be as impressive as it look and , although be away from the main tourist area , be easy to get to . there be shuttle bus provide by the hotel which be very reliable . there be a variety of restaurant available in the hotel to cater for all taste and budget

this be a fantastic hotel in every way . the location , which be the only thing that i have see review poorly , be a huge plus as far as i be concerned . it be a   block from some of the best shopping in hk the wonderful world of whompa and in a very nice resedintial area . the star ferry be   yard away and a cab ride to anywhere be less then     hk or about     usd . the food at the hotel be   class as be the service at all of the resteraunts . the spa and gym be both   rate . rooms be large and the view of the harbour be amazing . the staff be very nice and always have a smile for us . i will stay here again

stay at the harbour plaza   night as a stop over on the way to australia . this hotel can not be faulted . the bedroom we have on the   floor be huge , with great view of the harbour . the hotel be a bit off centre in terms of nathan road , but a half hourly shuttle bus run you into the centre , free of charge . the breakfast be enormous . evening meal super , and very reasonable . alternatively there be a grill room adjoin the hotel which we try one night , and this too be fine . the staff be very friendly , keen to help . the only problem we have be the swim pool be closed . this apart , we be highly satisfy with our stay , and thoroughly recommend the hotel .   *

this be a superb hotel ! i book this hotel a few month ago to celebrate my   birthday in hong kong and i be not disappoint

stay   night on the way to other parts of s .e . asia . my wife and i want to get over the jet lag after a very long flight . the hotel , i think , be almost too good to be true give the glow report on trip advisor and the great look picture provide by the hotel . in short , all the positive comment be true , and the hotel really do look as good as the pictures . if this hotel be locate near nathan road with the same waterfront location , rooms would easily cost twice as much or more . this be the only real issue with the hotel     its distance from the heart of kowloon . as previously note , there be a shuttle bus run every half hour that take about   minutes and drop you off at the peninsula you easily pick up the shuttle in the same spot . the shuttle run like clockwork and be very reliable . there be also a shuttle run   times and hour to kowloon station where you get the train to the airport . the only other issue i can think of be the harbour view from the rooms . our view be very good , but give the hotel 's location it be n't the picture postcard view of hong kong island you see in postcards . but it be a view that 's worth pay for

after reading some of the review here i be slightly dubious about book this hotel . i be very please we did . although slightly away from the main drag , this be more of a plus than a negative and it be so cheap to take a taxi to nathan road area , or the star ferry which be adjacent to the hotel to the central area on the island itself

air con be noisy and bed be probably a bit hard but fantastic hotel . lovely view , worth a few beer at the waterfront grill and the music be worth a listen too . cheap cab to everywhere , we do n't bother get the hotel free bus as the cab be so cheap but hey we live in london . staff very helpful . stay on the club floor and would recommend it . get the limo from the airport . easy to find the hotel counter and make for easy transfer to the hotel . unbeatable view from the hotel pool

this be a large , modern hotel on the harbour in kowloon . it 's in hang hom , which be away from the bright light and busy atmosphere of the hotel of tsim tsa sui and nathan rd . but it 's a lovely oasis in a busy , hectic city . the hotel run a shuttle every   minutes that will take you into tst where you can catch a subway or go shopping or explore on foot . it 's a very well run , clean property with elegant spacious rooms . we book it as a package with cathay pacific , and get a big room with a queen bed , a sofa , table and desk area . the view of the harbour be beautiful , as the hotel be perch right over the waterfront . the neighbourhood whampoa be still full of amenities   lots of very good shop and restaurant include a pacific coffee shop up the street , and an amazing supermarket dept . store , jusco , where you can buy everything from a delicious take out meal for a criminially low price to household item , clothing , souvenir , you name it . the hang hom ferry terminal be about a   minute walk from the hotel , and the star ferry take you over to central from there . there 's also a big bus zone where you can catch bus around the city close by . would definitely stay here again , and would choose it over most hotel in the city , include the famed peninsula the harbour plaza 's lobby feel way more elegant than the penninsula 's , which be crowd and loud

i can not add much to what already have be written   on arrival we be upgrade to a harbour view suite , which be amazing . we have letters on arrival from the manager welcome us , and find the location directly next to the sea to be perfect

i start stay here in   back then this be my secret jewel of hong kong . the service be always top notch ala regent , rooms clean , plus the perk could not be beat in all of hk

so here we were   the last stop on a six week trip   never be to hong kong before    almost out of enthusiasm  needing a boost  well the harbour plaza do that ! this have to be the best hotel we have ever stay at  ever ! ! i be aware of some of the remark about the hotel be out of the way  but come on   ten minutes in a free hotel shuttle to kowloon or twenty on a ferry across the bay,landing at central pier on hong kong island   what exactly can we fault with this   from the transfer from the airport and yes iwe do use the airport express train to kowloon,a short walk to the free   shuttle bus and drop off at the front door , a doorman who remembers your first name three days later,a superb foyer and the biggest window give the most fabulous view of a nighttime hong kong skyline things could not get better

what a place for a stopover ! i be travel to sydney with my husband and two child , age   and   , and choose the harbour plaza because of trip advisor reviews . they be not wrong . after a long flight it be fantastic to have such luxury

i book this hotel through a travel agent , after arrange my own itinerary that take in singapore , muliple centre in australia and finally , hong kong . as we be travel in low season , we get an automatic upgrade as part of the package . i have read some great review , and they actually do n't do the hotel justice , it be a dream stay

we spend one night in october at the harbour view hong kong and must say it be very enjoyable . after spending two week in mainland china on extremely hard bed , the harbour view hong kong be a welcome retreat from all of that and the bed be comfy too ! the view from our harbour view room be spectacular , and we enjoy watch people do their morning excercises from our room . we do enjoy a buffet lunch the day we check out , and it be very good . i would say close to   different selection , plus a fabulous dessert area . the price be not unreasonable , but a little more expensive than we be accustom to pay for lunch   but worth it ! the bar be a little off the beaten path but stock full ! you will enjoy your stay should you decide to stay at the harbour view hong kong

book this hotel on recommendation from my travel agent as i want a harbour view . hotel be well price and location turn out to be a haven of tranquility compare to the rest of kowloon whilst only be a   minute cab ride approx Â £   away from the ferry terminal and harbour city shpping complex i challenge you to go in every shop

we stay here for   night in december for approx Â £   a night for harbour view room

this place really take some beating . it have everything you could need , and be handy to shops transport   the lot

the rooms be clean and quite roomy . i be worry that the rooms be go to be small since i only book regular rooms , but it turn out to be pretty good . it can be tight if you have   ppl in one room . we have only two and it be totally fine

i select the harbour plaza base on review find here on tripadvisor com , and they could n't have be more accurate . what a lovely , tranquil , well appoint place this be with an abide staff . be away from the tst be a plus for me , though the hotel shuttle can get you there in   minutes with its every half hour service . ferry terminal be a short walk away , and so be the whampoa shopping district which have lovely restaurant and store

before our stay in the hotel , i think we make a mistake of choose this hotel since it be far from the busy street of tsim sha tsui . but as soon as we arrive at the hotel , i know that our stay would be terrific . i book for a courtside view room , but when i ask for an upgrade to a harbourview , the hotel staff immediately upgrade us . the room be really big and clean , bathroom be great specially the shower room . the view of the harbour specially in the morning be amazing . for people like us who like to go by ourselves , the proximity of hong hum ferry station be an add plus and the free shuttle bus service be great . the rooftop swim pool area be beautiful , although we be not able to try it because of our busy schedule

be in hong kong from the   of dec to the   and thanks to harour plaza it be a memorable one . although , i miss out on see much of the hotel cos of my busy schedule , the sea side view in the night be oh so awesome just sit on the bench besides the sea with the serenity along side the high rise make for one of the most picturesque views the hotel staff be very helpful and yes the location of the hotel be ideal for all those shopper with plenty of mall all over the place . also , mong kok and nathan road be a     cab ride away so its cool   i wouldnt think twice before book my stay here the next time i be in hong kong

this be a really comfortable hotel and make a great stopover in hong kong if like us you be travel further

e mailed the hotel   days before arrive to inform them that my wife and i would be there by   after   hour flight . arrive   to find room ready for occupation and that we have be upgrade from superior to deluxe harbour view . great start that continue throughout our   night stay

we choose the harbour plaza hong kong for our holiday in october primarily because of the great write ups it have receive on this site , and , wow , be i glad i discover tripadvisor . this hotel be just beautiful and certainly deserve all the accolade which have be lay upon it here

arrive at the hotel about   ,   room be ready by   noon . room be very spacious , comfortable bed , good size bathroom , great view of the harbour . try the buffet breakfast one morning , it be very good , have everything and more that my husband and i need the lobby be a large open place which be next to the breakfast all day dine area with very large glass windows overlooing the harbour . use the laundy service , they repair a trouser hem which have come undo without me have to request a repair . the hotel shuttle bus be great . only a five minute walk to the ferry to take you to central and other areas . no problem with transport . concierge be helpful in guide us to place , which ferry , train to catch etc . would stay here

book on basis of trip advisor review which be usually spot on . this be very much a good value tourist hotel and not ideal for business . the lobby have a distinct whiff of chinese food and disinfectant , very noisy as have open eat areas . the check in and concierge staff be helpful rather than friendly , primarily because so busy processing coachloads . the rooms be clean spacious but impersonal . the buffet area be functional not try   look unappetising . the bar be in a location separate to the hotel . good shopping in whampoa area . sometimes no taxis so fortunate to have shuttle bus to tsim tsa tui and hang hom . no comparison to langham place hotel . would only stay here again if constrain by budget

from the first time i contact the hotel to see what could be arrange for my mum 's   birthday the staff be exceptional . nothing be too much trouble . the hotel provide a free cake , wine and rise on the big day and offer to arrange flower etc

my husband and i recently stay at the harbour plaza hong kong . we really enjoy our stay at this hotel and be upgrade to a harbour view room which have an amazing view of the hong kong skyline across the harbour . the rooms be luxurious , clean and the hotel staff be all very friendly . the hotel lobby be also very impressive . the hotel be locate in the hang hom district of kowloon , which be a bit out of the way   but the hotel have frequent free mini bus run to various parts of central kowloon throughout the whole day so get around be easy and inexpensive and more than make up for the slightly out of centraal location . the ferry terminal to the island be also a few minutes walk from the hotel

we have stay at the harbour plaza twice now . we use it when we go to hong kong on business trips . it seem so 'at home ' for us . rooms be very good   last year our view be over a school playground , and we watch the child do their morning excercises , which be interesting . this year we take a harbour view room . to be honest , unless you be honeymoon , i would n't bother with the cost of the upgrade . last years room be bigger than this ! ! we not spend much time look out of the room window anyway ! ca n't fault much about this place   we personally not like buffet breakfast , so we opt for the menu . we have poach eggs on toast , and eggs benedict another day   it be cook well and hot when it arrived . the toast be also deliver hot , unlike when you have queue at the toaster normally . by do this you pay for when you choose , rather than pay for everything on the buffet that you not want

stay there in september   could not fault anything about the hotel apart from the service at times too good . everything about this hotel be fantastic . whilst the location be a little out of the way the transport , whether ferry , taxi or bus be so accessable it be not an issue . the food and restaurant be very good though a bit pricey . top tip on way back to hotel stop off at a   store and pick up some bottle of water can of what ever you drink and snacks . the room bar be very expensive , approx Â £   for a can of coke , where as in   about   the rooms be very spacious well furnish and view be amazing . one of the best hotel i   have stay in . only one regret not enough time there

what an amazing hotel !

i have to agree with the previous reviewers . the location be slightly out of town , but the shuttle service be good and there be a ferry terminal nearby . the staff be very courteous and professional . we have a harbour club room which entitle us to breakfast , afternoon tea and evening drink and canape in the private lounge . this be very pleasant , extremely lay back and the food be excellent . we eat one night in the hotel 's japanese restaurant . the food be good but very expensive . overall a lovely stay . we be however disappoint with the felix bar at the peninsula . its very small , very little seat and mainly for posers . apart from the view which can be obtain from many other kowloon location , it not compare at all to such london venue as claridges or the berkeley

we stay here as part of our honeymoon a stop over on the way back from australia . we have our room automatically upgrade , and boy , what an upgrade , a corner suite on the top floor   door down from the presidential suite . large lounge , large bedroom ,   bathroom with excellent view of the hong kong island skyline . the roof top pool be excellent with great views . one side be fully glaze to you can also see the view from underwater

we have recently stay at the harbour plaza for our

the harbour plaza be a little way out of central hong kong , but within easy reach due to have the star ferry at hang hom on the doorstep . the hotel be ultra professional and the staff be charming . in particular the sikh doorman be very polite and speak to you by name   no idea how they keep track of people 's names

my new wife and i stay here for   night on our recent honeymoon and all i can say be this place be awesome

this be one of the best hotel we have ever stay in . from the wonderful foyer   so impressive   to the comfortable rooms , this hotel really put the ice on the cake during our stay in hong kong the best city in the world

we new the moment we arrive late at night from a long flight from sydney that we be in good hands . a great harbour view room   floor , be ours for   nights . good size , spacoius bed and medium size bathroom . the only problem be there be no hkg british style razor plug in the bathroom only the us style . but you can beat this by plug into a normal outlet in the bedroom and charge up the razor , use the cordless feature eg my braun be good for this trick when shave

we stay at the harbour plaza as part of uk company travelmood 's 'hot deal ' package   three night Â £   per person include bus transfer and full day trip to macau . incredible deal . unfortunately due to a typhoon we only manage two night and they be wonderful . the hotel be grand but comfortable and be host a couple of wedding so it be lovely to see the magnificent marble staircase bedeck with organza and rose

at first when we realise that this hotel be a little away from hong kong 's main attraction i have think we have make the wrong decision , but we be pleasantly surprise

stay here for two night in a harbour view room on the way back from australia . the hotel be very nice do n't get me wrong , nice big room , good food but if you want a view of the harbour stay closer to the peninsula hotel tsim sha tsui . the intercontinental hong kong be face right at hong kong harbour if you want the view, . also we have to catch a free shuttle bus each time we want to us the metro system , star ferry or to get to the area around the peninsula hotel tsim sha tsui . if you be go to felix bar for cocktail in the peninsula we have a few and they were'nt cheap and they taste like crap so i would either have a short and a mixer or just have a beer but do go its cool and the view be amazing

we stay in interconnect double     twin rooms courtyard face for   night in july

  this hotel help to cause a little bit of a scare to my friend and family . i have tell them i would be walk in the new territory not especially safe they be slightly alarm when they have not hear from me by   pm accidentally leave my telephone in the hotel safe . upon telephone the hotel , the hotel tell them they have never hear of me . after a few telephone call later , they telephone the hotel again and say they be very concern and would have to telephone the police . the hotel then     discovered    that i have book but cancel my book the day before . when i hear all the commotion on my answerphone on my return , i ask the hotel myself whether i have book in , give my name . they repeat that i have cancel my book and never check in . when i reveal my true identity , all they could do be look sheepish . i be just glad there be not an emergency at home and my mobile telephone be not in fact lose

for those aussie reading this , i book through harvey world travel   get   night for the cost of   , plus upgrade to harbour view room and buffet breakfast . cost me     aud per night   good deal imo . the hotel be       star , very clean , excellent attentiveness from all the staff and exceptionally well locate for me . hong kong be very hot and it be a really busy , noisy , hectic city so the location of this hotel right on the waterfront there be a few others but much more expensive and some distance out of the mayhem of the more popular ? area of both kowloon and hong kong island make this for me the     only    hotel    to stay at in hk for that price . the regular bus hotel bus shuttle every   minutes to downtown kowloon drop off next to ymca works well   and there be a star ferry terminal for ride to hk island only a couple of minutes walk away from the front door . the airport express train from the airport works well   get off at kowloon station and get the   free bus from there to the hotel

we love the harbour plaza . to me cleanliness be the     priority and this one be super clean . it be an easy walk to great shopping and interesting sightseeing . breakfast be include with our tour and the hotel buffet be very good . the staff be very accommodate and go out of the way to help us . the room itself be very comfortable only i be not one to travel all that way to sit in a room . i hate to leave

wife and i stay may   to jun   in     club    room with fantastic view overlook harbour   floor . room adequate size , with sofa and work desk . maid service good

i stay at this hotel on two seperate occasions as i use this as my stopover hotel en route to and from australia . the hotel be really impressive with fabulous public area and be clearly popular as a wed venue . the hotel rooms be spacious with good size bathrooms . staff be courteous even though the hotel be extremely busy . the buffet breakfast offer a great choice of western and eastern cuisine . although the hotel be n't on hong kong island , access be easy with a ferry station within   min walk distance of the hotel . this hotel be away from the hustle and bustle of hong kong itself , which make it ideal if you be look for a bit of relaxation time . the leisure facility be also brilliant   beautiful roof top swim pool although a little chilly

we stay here after a   day tour of china , and be on a package , so do n't know what the costs were . have read review before we go , we be please to have a harbour view room , which be very spacious with bath and shower and all the usual extras . drink from the mini bar be expensive but there be a   just up the street opposite , also a good laundry as the hotel laundry price be astronomical

i have stay in a few hotel in hing kong and for the money i can honestly say that the h .p . be one of the best   staf be always courteous and helpful

difficult one this

stay at the harbour plaza for   days . have   rooms as be travel with a friend , both of which where very clean and tidy , only take courtview room 's which we have nothing to complain about

this hotel be very well organize the moment we step in . the service and staff be impeccable , and the room be stunningly clean and well prepare for us . we have a spectacular view from both the room and the infinity pool , which be electrify not thunderstorm wise , mind you . overall , our stay at the harbour plaza hk be spectacular

i have a decent stay recently at the harbour plaza hong kong . i know the hotel be in kowloon , but i be surprise when the airport shuttle drop me off . this hotel be not in the tourist area of tsim sha tsui , but east of there in hang hom . luckily , the hotel have efficient shuttle bus service to the center , or better yet , there be a star ferry terminal at hang hom nearby if you be go to central hk . in the end , i like stay away from the hords of tourist and commute in with the local , but be aware of this , if like me , you be think this hotel in in a central location

my husband two teenager and i stay at the harbour plaza recently and leave after one night . we book connect harbour view rooms for our stay and only one be ready when we check in at   we be tell that the other have     plumbing problems    , but we be able to get into both rooms at   that evening . while we be wait for our room we have dinner in the main restaurant on the lobby level . we be the only one in the restaurant and the service be terribly slow . there be cigarette ash on the place mat , and the food be fair at best

stay here in february   for one night in the harborview suite . room be excellent and bed very comfortable . bathroom spotless , but water pressure unpredictable . book a room through summit hotel     see you in asia    promotion with visa . front desk apparently be not familiar with the rate , and i have to bring support documentation down to the front desk to get breakfast . the pool be truly spectacular with expansive view of victoria harbor and central . hotel be situate directly on the water , so view be second only to the intercontinental . it be a little out of the way , so if you 're go out after   , you will need a taxi . otherwise , no problem since shuttle to tsim sha tsui be very reliable , and ferry to central and causeway bay be a three minute walk . this be a great , great bargain

this be a good value hotel with stunning harbour view from the lobby

spend three night in this hotel from march   to   and be most impressed . from the greet at the front door to the speedy check in service and the lovely room i could not have ask for more . i book a harbour view room that have a huge window face the harbour which be right next to the hotel . the room be of good size with a lovely bathroom and the bed be very soft for hong kong . room include a pot to boil water for either tea or coffee which be complimentry in the room . the bathroom include everything you need in case you forgot something   from comb to razor to toothbrush and robe and slippers . all the hotel personnel speak perfect english and be eager to assist you with any problem or request you might have . the rooftop pool be great even though we do n't have a chance to use it because the weather be a bit chilly but the view from there be outstanding . the hotel be alittle off the beaten path in a quiet neighborhood which be nice . we find a lovely coffee shop a block from the hotel with great coffee and pastry and free computer to use if you buy something to drink . the hotel run a free shuttle every half hour to downtown kowloon for shopping or for get on the subway system . a ferry pier be a three minute walk from the hotel to catch the ferry across the harbour to hong kong for about   cent usa . they also have shuttle bus that stop there and take you to the airport express train for free . we pay about     american per night for the harbour view room through asia rooms , non harbour view rooms would be less expensive . if you want a great hotel to stay in that you will not be disappoint in you ca n't go wrong with the harbour plaza hong kong . please do not confuse it with the other harbour view hotel like the metropolis sp which be not as nice

as hong kong be our last stop after three hectic week in asia we be look for a hotel that would provide us with a bit of peace and quiet , a touch of luxury , a great view of the harbour and easy access to the rest of hong kong if need

the tail end of a   month trip throughout se asia find us with   night in hk so as frequent tripadvisor user we factor in the previous review and choose the harbour plaza . we book use an online site and get a great rate for hk

we spend   night at the end of january with a harbor view room

we stay at the hotel and have our wed

ca n't fault this hotel . everything be great . we be worry that it be a little out of the way but it prove to be a good position , near the ferry . the view of the harbor from our room could n't be bettered . restaurant very good . would stay there again . best place we stay on our round the world trip

the harbour plaza be a very good hotel at a more reasonable price , presumably due to be slightly further out than other hotel of a similar standard

my husband and i stay at this beautiful hotel just this past month , for   days . would definitely return . although the hotel have all the standard modern amenities for business traveller the harbourside location , traditional style furnishing and excellent service lend the place a more old world , elegant , feel . lobby be absolutely stunning . floor to ceiling glass window at least   story high with an unobstructed harbour view

we stay for   days at habour plaza , in kowloon . the hotel be very elegant and locates right on the water front with magnificient view of the victoria habour . the atmosphere be definately upscale . what we like   it provide a great view of hk city scape at night . make sure you request a habour view room . you will not regret it . it be close by wompoa district which have many shop and restaurants . it be a quite oasis in a hustle city . the waichai ferry be a five minutes walk to catch a ferry over to hk . an evening walk on the water front be a plus . what we do not like   lack of quick cafe style venue to allow for you to catch a quite bite before head out . the staff could be friendlier . watch out for your hotel bill  i be charge for a fax service that i do not request small amount . the interior of the room could be cleaner and need some updating . we will definately return to this hotel in the future

just return from a   trip to southeast asia that include stay in five   hotels . all be excellent , but this be the one whose memory keep come to mind . read the title of the precede   review   all be accurate

