tiny room , perhaps the size of a jail cell

what i do n't like

this hotel be a nightmare   great for night market but that be it   stick on some side street and be cover in scaffolding . none of the staff be helpful apart form one say not stay out later than     which be not so reassuring . the rooms be tiny   clean but your couldnt swing a cat in them so much so that i struggle to even walk down the side of the bed   i have nowhere to put my backpack and even thats not big . the bed be like concrete and every morning without fail there be scream and shout outside my room by a very rude chinese family   this be at       be ! ! ! sometimes before   in the end i get that feed up i write note and leave them on the corridor tell people to be quiet   they respect this until   ! ! ! how kind . it be completely un  relax for me and with that after   hours on a plane it test the nerves slightly . the food be awful i go once for breakfast and get dry up noodle and an egg that have be cook for about   minutes . for the price i pay it be not worth it   i could even open a window they be bolt and the view be what i can only describe as slum and the smell just drift on in through those bolt windows . i not overly enjoy my time in hong kong i find people to be extremely rude push and shove everywhere , snort and spitting . i appreciate its their culture and be not knock that but its not for me   maybe this be just my experience , but the hotel do not help at all   not stay here especially if you be travel alone

good location , near to mtr station and some place of interest such as sai yeung choi st . , fa yuen st . dundas st . etc . take the exit   at mongkok station then you can reach the hotel easily

stay at this hotel for a few night during my last visit to hk . i book via agoda com and get really good rates for a single room . harbour hotel be within walk distance to the mtr station . there be a market at the other end of the street so you can pick up fresh fruit cheap . there be two   each within about   min walk . breakfast be complimentry but i do n't try . the rooms be tiny but the bathroom be clean and adequate . do n't forget to bring a cord if you want to use free broadband internet be prepare to sit in bed with notebook on lap ! yes rooms be that tiny ! rooms be service daily and they change the towels empty bin but they do not change bed linen until you check out

i be not sure where the hotel photo be take , but it be surely not the room we be allocated . a double room where the bed linen not even reach the edge of the bed ! not try and get out of bed at the same time if there be   of you there isnt room

i like this hotel because the cleanliness     the room be spacious with lcd tv and very new interior , one elevator work good     fast . the staff be extremely helpful . location be ok   a   walk to langham place ,   min to mongkok mrt .   min walk to lady street    

the room include the bathroom be about   square meter in size . the staff do n't understand a word in english and the food i would n't probably feed even my dog with ! my husband 's foot would hit my daughter 's head whenever he move during the night and there be no other way of spending your time in the room than lay in the bed  eg . while one person be stand up right , the other have to be on the bed ! forget about bring two piece of luggage with you as there 's barely any room for even one piece

we stay at this hotel for three night after christmas . after exit the mong kok mtr station , it take us a while to find the hotel because we get out the wrong exit . if you find the 'langham place ' exit , it be then only a   minute walk to the hotel . the hotel be not in a nice area . it be by no means dangerous , just not that nice . with that be say , the hotel itself be decent . it be clean , the front desk staff be helpful and there be free internet . however , the rooms be very small . i be able to stand in the middle of the room and touch the walls . luckily we do not have luggage . have we have luggage , there would have be no room to put it

stay at harbour hotel for   night for my staff 's incentive trip to hk . a bit shock with the size of the room since it 's very very small . i have a hard time in the night since my foot hit the desk . however , the hotel be pretty new and really clean . the location be good since it 's only   block from lady ' market , where you can shop for electronics , cheap clothing and sport shoes . also , convenient by bus and mtr . if you only need a room to sleep and not very picky about room size , it 's great . if you need space , do n't even think about come here

