fantastic new hotel   harbour grand on hong kong island . beautiful   espaecially at christmas ! could n't fault the rooms and service though the glass wall in the bathroom must be a bit disconcert for those on a romantic spree . all the rooms have fantastic 'postcard view ' over the harbour . the service be impeccable and cheerful . bars meals a bit pricey but to be expect   there be a good subway at the corner of oil street if you want a huge sandwich , and plenty of other bars restaurants watch out for the     surcharge which seem normal for hk hotel and restaurant

we stay at the harbour grand for   night in september . we choose the hotel because of the price and specifically for the harbour views . i have stay in a hotel previously in hk with a great view and i want my wife to enjoy the same experience so we pay a little extra and book a     grand deluxe harbour view room    . i must say i be a little disapointed at the room and the layout . the view be there but you have to crane your neck a little because of the poor layout with a desk and table in the way and the windows be actually in the corner of the room . the design could have be much better to optimize the view . anyway it be still a nice place and we be upgrade to the   floor so it be enjoyable . the restuarant bar at the top have spectatular view at night , well worth a

a perfect location for a hotel , overlook both side of hongkong , a great view specially at night , accessible to all type of transportation,great hotel staff , could n't ask for

i spend my honeymoon with my wife from   dec to   dec in this hotel

this hotel be breath take   ok the area be not the best but once your inside it luxury all the way   the view be breathtaking and the service inside the hotel be second to none . i would definatley stay there again . the hotel be   min away from a mtr which then make hong kong your

an excellent hotel locate close to the ferry pier and otehr important location in hong kong . pretty close to good eat place and mtr

this hotel be fantastic , so much luxury , the room and bathroom be fantastic , we have a gorgeus view of the victoria harbour , the concierge and front desk provide   star service , they be so helpful , breakfast be top of the line , service in general be fantastic , will definitely go



i work in the travel industry and have stay at many hotels . this i have to stay be one of the best . great service , absolutely spotless , amazing location for the view of hk maybe not   of the best location overall , but for the standard of hotel definately worth the extra   travel to whereever it be you want to get to . it be conveniently locate within   walk to the nearest mtr station and have all the facility you would expect from a   * hotel . the restaurant be the best we eat in hong kong , the pool be great , and the staff be just so accomodating to anything you request . nothing be too much , one day we want to find out what time the race be on and just casually ask one of the staff member , she not know but say that her dad would , laugh we say not to worry as we would find out elsewhere but she say it be no bother and call home straight away to give us the information ! ! just little touch like this make our stay   

i fly into hk from london for the weekend en route to singapore for a business trip and stay at this hotel for   night during the first weekend in nov . while the hotel be on hk island , it be a few stop on the mtr from the centre , which be roughly   min in total travel time or a really cheap cab ride away . i do not find this to be a deterrent or a detriment to my stay here

fantastic place , breakfast out of this world . very kind and attentive staff .   star excellance . fantastic start to our honeymoon . spend   days here and eat in the top floor restaurant on once . pricey but worth the experiance

this be a great hotel for a stop over . we stay for   night and it be clean , nicely design and with a good atmosphere in the bar area

stay three nights . reserve for two plus baby and ask for a crib . on arrival   pm , the taxi driver do not know where to go and have to call the hotel for directions . the wait for the front desk be not expect as there be three person there and only one other person in front of us . i repeat my request for a crib on check in , but have to wait and wait and wait for the crib . talk to the manager on call when i be n't get anywhere with the crib . lily be apologetic and it take till midnight before she and the staff arrive with one . she say the crib on the   floor be take and they have to find another one . the door have two dead bolt so i be not worry about stranger come in uninvited . the hotel be locate in a local commercial district . in the morning , this place be crowd with hong kong local , but the night be quiet and dark . not recommend to walk at night but we take taxis to and fro . this be a good place for tour group and not really for individuals . the bathroom be avant garde , with unusual faucet and see thru wall to the bathroom . lack of closet space and hooks in bathroom . some noise from the highway outside . check out the breakfast buffet , but make sure you have it as a package . facility great and very new , but service need some attention . nearby cafe and   useful

go in july for my silver wed anniversary trip , the hotel be recommend to me by my travel agency destinology , as i want sheer luxury

my husband and i stay at the grand harbour view for   nights . it have all the amenities and services of a beautiful   star hotel . the staff be very helpful and the nothing be ever too much trouble . the rooms be on the small side and i agree that there be nowhere to hang your towel or swimwear to dry in the bathroom . room service be quite expensive and so too be their internet service . the pool be lovely and it be great to get away from the bustle city to cool down

this be great hotel . the lobby be quite grand , and the staff very friendly and helpful . the view be great , and have the mrt just a couple of block away make get anywhere pretty easy . i feel comfortable in the neighborhood do n't think it be that bad and would return again if i have the opportunity

i stay for only   night . the hotel be brand new with a beautiful design and everything you 'd expect . the price be good as they 're not yet established . the room be excellent with great view over the harbour towards kowloon . at   a male stranger creep into my room claim the door be unlock a lie and quickly vanish when i challenge him . i be awake with jetlag luckily , but if i be asleep i would probably have lose all valuables . the downside be the location   it 's a subway ride to all the attraction as it 's locate at forresters hill amidst light commercial business service car and sell tyre etc . the mtr station be a   minute walk . avoid the expensive restaraunt   there 's plenty of good food nearby at a quarter the price .   star

what can i say   what a fabulous hotel . the hotel be new and soooooo luxurious . the rooms be all harbour face with spectacular view by day and night . from the welcome at the door by the staff into the fabulous entrance hall to the chambermaid   all of the staff could not have be more helpful . i only stay   night and so not get round to sample the food but the hotel be fab ! ! ! ! the only downside would be it be not a great location bu with the mtr a the top of the road you be never far from where you need to be . the room be spacious , tidy and clean . even the bathroom ameneties be plentiful . i highly reccomend this hotel . ! !

i book a transfer with the hotel , by share minibus , this be good value and take the strain out of think on arrival . on arrival into the hotel the reception be very grand and really make an impression . check in be quick and efficiant

i stay here with my wife for   nights . we get the premiere room ,as it   s windows be flat and you could see the wonderful skyline of wanchai and tsimshachiu . other type of room come with odd shape windows , they be at an angle,which i don   t like

we have just stay at the harbour grand and love it

this hotel be impressive from start to finish . the reception create an amazing first impression and the staff can not do enough to help . we stay in the cheapest standard room which be still extremely well kitted out with mini bar , tea and coffee , flat screen etc . the pool be lovely and the food in both restaurant of an excellent standard . the view of hong kong be totally breathtaking . however it be the staff here that really make this hotel stand out . they seem genuinely excite and please to be work in this hotel , they all seem proud to be work there and can not do enough to help you . the guy in the gym be so friendly and there be another member of staff by the pool to help you choose your sunbed etc . i work in the hotel industry and i have never , ever experience better service than at this hotel . i would love to stay there again and highly recommend it to anyone

i stay with some colleague in july   shortly after the hotel opened . i have stay in many hotel and my standard be quite high . i be initially concern the hotel may be too far out from the main attraction , but it be so easy to travel on the air conditioned mtr and i feel completely safe on my own ! i walk into the lobby and be impress from the start . the staff be friendly and willing to assist at every opportunity , the lobby be everything you expect from a   star hotel and the rooms be great ! i stay in a suite and the view be breath take   panoramic view of kowloon and hong kong island . we eat in lounge   and the food be world class as be the cocktail and choice of wine ! the cocktail be a little too good

we stay here on   july to   july and we just love this hotel

i recently stay at the harbour grand hong kong and have to say it offer the very best view available anywhere in the city   even better than from the peak

this hotel be brand new and right by the waterfront . rooms be small . the metro subway station be less than   min away by foot . there be truckloads of recycle material to the leave less than   of the hotel . local be sort cardboard , electronics and building material on the pavement from dawn to sunset . very dusty and nosiy . if you walk to the station , you will pass by a tire shop with a bath tub on the pavement force you to walk on the road fear be hit either by their tool or car

