we stay here for a   days stopover on our way back to perth   we be very impress by the size of the rooms and the cleanliness   the breakfast be fantastic   everything you could possibly imagine

the location with the price at this hotel provide a great experience for a budget travellor with friend and

i stay at the property for   days . the hotel be right at the central shopping place . mtr station be   min walk from the hotel . the hotel ambience     hospitality be too good . you get very good service

the rooms be excellent and the service be very good the hotel be very clean and close to all

stay here for   night during a business trip . book a deluxe king room and be place in a corner deluxe room on the   floor suppose platinum upgrade

i have stay here several times on trip out of china to update visa etc . whilst the staff service be excelent , just pray you do not get a room face what i beleive be mody road !   be

good location . although the service and the accomodation be excellent but we do n't feel very safe what happend be there be   entrance in the hotel the back entrance open into nathan road which be not secure during our stay one night,one of my friend who need to go back to hotel for rest,we drop here by the back entrance and she be follow in via back entrance by suspicious look man right up to the the floor we stay . it be a very scarry experince and the reason i m write be to hope that you will rectify this situation for the safety of other customer

i highly recommend holiday inn golden mile . very good structure . courteous staff . location accessible to a must visit place

i have stay here over   times during business trip to hong kong . i have try other hotel in the tsim sha tsui area shangri la , intercontinental , nikko     but when it come to get the best price for an ok hotel this be generally where i end up

holiday inn be very good in terms of its location , which be on nathan street . it be very near to mtr station . it have a little costly but good in house restaurant , where you can get few indian meal too . but there be also a lot of cheap option nearby . as it be situate in cbd the environment around it always bustle with activities . but just beware ! the street turn into a red light area in the night . so always try to comeback by   o'clock at the latest . i go with my wife       old daughter . we have a pleasant stay . but i must say that the staff be not very friendly , especially the reception people . we arrive earlier than the check in time . and they keep us wait for three hours . you can imagine the trouble in stay in wait lounge with a three year old . and staff repeatedly come to tell us to control our baby . we see them provide rooms to many european guests . the love to white skin can be clearly feel there , even when this hotel be own by an indian . they offer a lot of travel package of the attraction and you can at least get a bargain of upto     if you try little hard

stay at this hotel for   night end of september . we be a group of   ppl in   rooms

hotel itself be old and not really comfortable to stay . tv remote be not work , clock be not work properly either

we be pleasantly suprised with the holiday inn . our room be fantastic huge in fact , modern and so clean , although not expect a view if your planning on stay anywhere on nathan rd . the outside certianly not look like the old daggy pic that some people have post on here and the lobby be all gliz with crystal candeliers . staff be so attentive and we receive champagne and strawberry on arrival i think as a treat because our bag not arrive . the only thing they not tell us be that the front enterance on nathan rd close at   and the rif raf come out to play so it can be a little scary if your on your own . afterhours you need to enter via the side main enterance of the hotel . we not eat at the hotel as it be pricey , heaps of other cheap place to eat close by

we stay for   night at this hotel part of a package , after   night we be tell to move to another room found this not very convient as we have   adult and   child and a lot of shopping they try to move us to a smoking room and when that fail move us to a delux . same type of room with very little difference only newer fitting

i just have to write a review about the italian restaurant at the hotel . i eat the best gnocchi i have ever tasted . it just melt in my mouth . you have get to try it

follow a good experience here several years ago , we decide to return with our two teenagers . when book we ask for interconnect rooms and be tell this would be offer if available . on arrival we be tell that none be available and we should have ask when we book ! we say we be happy to wait until something become available , and go off on a brief out , to return and find we have get interconnect rooms . the counter staff be not in the slightest friendly or welcoming . also , while wait in the foyer after arrive on an all night flight , one of my daughter be approach by a rove staff member and tell that sleeping in the foyer be not allow ! she have be sit on a couch with her head rest on her father 's shoulder ! also , the only foyer toilet available require access use a hotel swipe card   whch we do n't have as we have n't check in . these be really the only blot on the landscape in an otherwise excellent stay

ok but the noise level across the road from the   elven store at night into the early hr of the morning with people drinking ,plus the hotel allow the call girl to use the place as a connection point can be a little off putting hotel be do room level reservation so ask for room or level that have already be done,all in all good location but bar price be steep

this hotel be lovely , we have a family room with two comfortable double beds . our first night be on the   floor and there be a lot of street noise but when we mention it to the staff they move us to the   floor which be really quiet . our rooms be service everyday and the staff be incredibly friendly . the restaurant at the hotel be really nice . we would recommend when book pay for the full buffett breakfast at the bistro on the mile restaurant within the hotel

stay at the holiday inn for   days with the family . nice hotel but     the bed be small . since there be   of us   adult and   child we book a room with   beds . turn out they give us   double beds . now i be not exactly short       and with my wife in bed with me it make for a very uncomfortable stay . try to complain but it be no use . the other bad thing be the hawker outside the hotel . for   days straight they hassle us       want copy watches    do you want a tailor suit ?     every time we step outside the hotel doors . so annoying . even try to sell my   year old a suit . but the best thing about the hotel be its proximity to the mtr . its so close and convenient . make get around hong kong so easy

i have stay here multiple times and have find the refurbish rooms and service to be very nice . however , both of us carry our notebook computer this time and be charge twice for daily internet access at     hk each ,     per day , even though we connect one at a time via the cable in the room . ridiculous ! will look for one of the many hotel with free internet next time

the location be unbeatable ! it 's close to shop , restaurant and all the amenities and attraction of the kowloon end of hk . the hong kong island be just one ferry ride away and the star ferry terminal be a close walk

stay at this hotel for   night in june .   adult and   child age   and   in the one room . plenty of room . on the   floor and have an interesting view of the street from window . more than happy with the service and the cleanliness of the room . love the location   very handy for everything

i have be come to the goldenmile now for at least   years , always great . yes , bathroom be somewhat old the design not the latest , but good enough

the holiday inn golden mile be a clean , modern hotel in a fantastic location . we arrive a little early from hong kong disneyland resort so we have high expectation and the staff be very helpful . we have to wait about an hour until the room be ready but as a bonus we get upgrade to a higher floor . the only minor issue be that our room be next to the lift shaft so the noise of the lift go up and down at night be a bit annoy at night

ive have two visit as tourist , this time it be work and it be my suggestion to the company to use the hotel , so a risk   not really as aways charming and helpfull staff , clean rooms , good security what more could u ask for . my only grip be the smoky bar as a non smoker but thats hong kong , oh i do sneak a look at disneyland , its ok if your in the area , but not up to la or

if , and this be a big if , you must stay in tsim tsa tsui , as i prefer to do so , then this be the hotel for you . i have stay there dozens of times over the past ten years and have no plan to change hotels . my visit have be both business and leisure trip with the family . the refurbish rooms be nice although they do n't seem to have change the carpet in the corridor for twenty years . their german deli in the basement be only good for a quick bite . the cantonese restaurant be very elegant but there be far better option in hk for dining . the breakfast buffet be satisfactory but service be slow . the older concierge staff be excellent but the advice you get varies with who you happen to ask . location be unbeatable . the mtr , star ferry , ocean terminal and a whole slew of seedy electronics shop be all within walk distance . the pool on the roof be nothing special

we stay at the holiday inn golden mile,it 's in the middle of the centre,nice rooms and location,the only one thing whitch i do not like be that the internet acces be very expensive

nice hotel with a great location . situate along nathan road , the busiest road in hongkong . all the luxury and brand shop be right next door to the hotel . the buffet breakfast be a must try . the staff be very helpful . thank you for host our familiarization

the holiday inn golden mile be an oustanding property . the room be immaculate and larger than other hong kong hotel properties . my room type and non smoking request be both met . the breakfast buffet offer a wide variety of asian and western specialties . the second floor lounge be staff by professional and provide a nice end to a day of business meetings . the top floor fitness center be more than adequate for someone who need to work out while on the road

this be a very centrally locate hotel but obviously have see better days . the corridor be a bit dingy , carpet fade , need an overall refurbish

very good hotel in my budget . very near to the business centre and market . have all the amenities . have book in standard room but due to non availability i be upgrade to deluxe room at no cost . excellent location . luxrious rooms . clean bathroom with tub

one thing i like in hong kong be everyone just walk walk and walk

after arrive from a long flight from auckland . when we get to the hotel to learn that the rooms be not ready so we go to kill some time . all the whilre the desk staff be do everything they could to ensure that we get our rooms as soon as possible . the rooms be spacious and comfortable , sleep four in two double bed . the view was    well    interesting . the amenities be just amazing free bottled water and toothbrush be just a few . the pool be what save our life when it come to be too hot . all of the staff be friendly and willing to help you with anything you wanted . every morning we go to the gym to catch up on daily excercise . one morning when we do n't have the energy to sample the delight of chinese food , we order room service and recieved the most delicous food . my compliments to everybody at the holiday inn and thanks for a great stay

we stay at this hotel for   days with our   year old . the room be spacious and easily fit a very small cot , as well as have two double bed , desk     chair . the furnishing be tired though . we do n't really bother to open the curtain as our view be of the chungking mansions     lots of wash hang out of windows and rubbish which look as though it have be throw from them     i have never see so many old box airconditioners

i will continue to stay at the holiday inn golden mile

in the last four years i have stay at the holiday inn golden mile   times . the rooms be clean and in good condition . the service be good . hari â € ™ s bar have a good band , but the drink be expensive and the food okay at best . be on nathan road the hotel be in a good location for sight seeing . i would rate a solid   star

great central location . can walk to harbour and shop all around . mtr station be very close by and ideal for get around

i have stay here twice now . it be a convenient location for the mtr and the star ferry . it be not a great location at night

if you be to stay in hong kong and especially in kowloon , or near tsim sha tsui , remember this hotel . okay , it be a bit old , and the size of the rooms be definitely small . in addition , when you look out of the window , you see nothing but flats and their inhabitants . but it 's holiday inn standard , nothing more . and you be spot exactly on nathan road , you walk less than   meter to diva in tst metro station , ocean road be   minutes walk , hong kong island be one station away , you be in a commercial center

go to hongkong with my wife , son , sister and mom . be indian vegeterians , want to select a hotel where good indian food would be easily available . so , pick out this hotel on the recommendation of my travel agent , though i book directly to get a better rate . it be a big mistake . i feel cheat for the amount it cost me . i could have get much better accomodation at   price . and the location , phew , could not hope to get out after evening with my family , as it semingly become a red light area

holiday inn locate right at centre of hong kong shopping at nathan road where all the store near by and mtr metro station be also very close

holiday inn golden mile be really in the center of kowloon action

just get back from a   night stay . shame that it rain for   out of   days , hence didn   t get to use the lovely roof top pool . bed be great size for us as a family of  

this hotel be locate right in the heart of downtown kowloon and close to all the shop and mtr . its a very handy location for the tourist

stay after several years with my family in holiday inn golden mile . location be excellent if you want to be in heart of kowloon but not expect much from rooms . still outdated and for the price feel not worth it . the rooms be stick in the   on the curtains . they tell me the rooms be recently refurbished . i doubt that . there have to be better hotel for the price     night in central

this hotel have to be the most disgustingly dirty place i have stay

there be nothing about this hotel that make it stand out from all the rest . for what we pay i be expect a little more . the rooms be just an average hotel room just like any other hotel room in asia . the bathroom be tiny . the only good point be the location , it be fairly central to most things . we be locate at the back side of the hotel , which mean that it be very quiet , but the view out the window be nothing spectacular . probably wouldnt stay here again !

i book a standard room , during check in they try to sell us an upgrade room but i already think the price we pay be expensive so no taker there . the room we have be   floor . it be okay but look very tired and old fashioned . the bathroom in paticular , shower over the bath with plastic shower curtain and vacuum cleaner type hairdryer , one of my pet hates . the worst view from a hotel room i have ever have , look straigt into the building next door . very little natural light come into the room and i could n't even tell what the weather be like outside . no full length mirror . broadband access be very expensive so we go to pacific coffee where it be a more reasonable price , and a good cup of coffee with a view of the harbour

we stay at the holiday inn for the school half term holidays . upon arrival we upgrade into the executive rooms which be well worth the money , the lounge be very good with drink and nibble in the early evening . the hotel room be large enough     double bed which be fine for us and our   children . very central to all local amenities and the hotel staff be very helpful . we notice prior to our trip that lots of people complain about the view   but hey the old flats be what it be like around   years ago on all of the street , so much have now disappear so it be good to see a little bit of the history left . the kid love disney which be definately worth a visit and then each day be finish with a dip in the hotel pool with resident life guard and a drink at the pool bar

stay here for three days as part of a tour group . great location for shopping all around and easy access to the mtr . the hotel staff be nice and friendly overall . it be quite expensive to use the internet in the lobby downstairs ! the breakfast buffet be include in our stay and be delicious ! especially the waffle ! the service there be also outstanding . the rooms be comfortable and clean

some of the rooms have be renovate and be fine however those that have not be update just look dirty and old . location be good if you like the most touristic part of hk but if you want to stay away of the fake watch and tailor you have to go north

we have a comfortable stay at this hotel . it be very clean and the rooms be quite big too . the location be excellent , in the heart of hong

because of the convenient location , i always stay at this hotel . it be at the centre of the main shopping area , near to the ferry and next to the mtr . it be close to everything , incuding many hotel which be several times the cost

after check the feedback from tripadvisor , i decide to book the rooms at the holiday inn golden mile as a place to stay during our christmas trip in hk

i have stay at the golden mile previously in   the hotel have change quite a bit    for the better

when we first arrive in hong kong we be meet with our shuttle to take us to the holiday inn golden mile , it be   when we arrive in the hotel it be humid but lovely i recommend shorts and a t shirt when travel to hong kong . first impression of the hotel be positive it look nice and be tuck away in the busy street of tsim sha shui surround by high building , clothes hang out windows and huge fluro sign , the concierge be also lovely , a bad room up sell be disappointing but we soon forgot this as the rest of the service be delightful the whole time , a little difficulty with language but the staff always smile and look as though they be enjoy themselves . great location right across the road from the mtr station and   the mtr be easy to travel around the whole of hong kong , we enjoy explore the area and find a great noodle restaurant and even a bar that have a happy hour awesome . we stay for   days wish we stay longer . lots to do and see in hong kong this hotel be well know and there be plenty of cheap taxis around to take you explore , temple street night market be a must in the area there really be just too much to name

i stay at holiday inn golden mile in mid december   for   night on our way back from taipei . it 's my   time at the hotel . be satisfy after my   stay   years ago but this time it be even better . the rooms be refurbish and everything be so new , nice     clean . location be superb , next to tst mtr station . shop be all around the hotel

well i m go to start by say that this hotel be in a great location as a hotel we have a small problem understanding the staff  some of them find it difficult to speak english and it make it hard for us to communicate the rooms where spacious and clean but as soon as i open my window i see a building full of garbage and an alley so dark that i decide not to open the curtain for   days  it be awful so try to ask for a room with a better view than this . the restaurant be ok and the sushi bar as well . the bar of the hotel be full almost every night and it 's a fun spot if you do n't want to leave the hotel

i like the location of the hotel the most . in tsim shah tsui area very clse to the metro rail   this hotel be a gift to new comer to hong kong . there be a lot of plcaes you can walk around excellent hotel around     ofcourse all transport pick up point to any location in hong kong     china . the bonus be the station for a train to shenzen   china be just a few steps by walk

we stay at the hotel for   night in may for a weekend away . we be upgrade when we check in as the hotel be undergo some renovations . interior of hotel be slightly date , but the rooms be spacious and clean , albeit dark . staff at check in be friendly and helpful . hotel be easy walk distance to pier for ferry across to central   minutes . also within close walk distance be temple street market . mong kok electronics , lady ' market be also reacheable on foot from here , but better off catch the underground . mtr station  lt     from front of hotel . really good value for money

the holiday inn golden mile be one of the nicest holiday inn 's i have ever stay at . i expect worst and be pleasantly surprise

m   

this be our second stay , the rooms have be nicely renovated . the rooms be of a good size especially for hong kong and have be decorate nicely with bright colour curtain , beadspreads and pictures . the room be clean and well maintain

stay here in august   with our two kid   and   . fantastic value for money . definitely worth pay the upgrade for the executive floor . excellent breakfast which set us up for the day . check in and room facility really good value for the price . staff so helpful and polite . lovely roof top pool for the children . great location on nathan road for the star ferry and sightseeing . mtr a doddle with children . feel very safe all the time . hawker leave us alone with a polite refusal and night market at mong kok a must see . would definitley go back to this hotel

my hubby and i stay in this hotel last december . be a holiday inn , we do n't expect too much and our main purpose be to go sightsee and shopping so we be n't too concern about the accommodation

we stay at the holiday inn golden mile for   night during our short stay in hong kong . we be look for a low price yet well situate hotel with roof top wimming pool . the holiday inn golden mile answer all these requirements . the king size bedroom be very comfortable and quiet , and accomodations like swim pool seem to have be recently restored . although , global interior design be not really adapt to european taste colorfull carpet , huge marble reception , black     look like    marble bathroom ,     , it be yet really clean and tidy . moreover , the hotel be really close to the embankment where you can see all the lighting on honk kong island . it be also close to all shop and it be only a   minutes walk to get to the star ferry . we pay   euro per night breakfast not include which be really a good price if think

this hotel be within walk distance to star ferry , space museum , many attraction and many mall and shop and be in the heart of hong kong on the kowloon side

on arrival after have pre pay through my travel agent , i get the hard sell for about   minutes on upgrade my room for an extra Â £   pound for   nights . reduce to Â £   because things be quiet . i refuse say i only want the room i have chosen . it be like the people in the street try to sell you a suit or a watch , massage etc    that you not want and not take no for an answer . its the last thing you want at the recption after a long flight . also the breakfast option again refuse seriouly expensive , a short walk to mcdonalds and we have breakfast for   for     maybe its just the nature of hong kong people to try and get your money for something you not want . other than that the hotel be okay and the rooftop pool be good

i love hong kong , hotel very busy , room clean     spacious , the view well , not there for the view . great location to the train , harbour     markets . reception very busy , hallway very musty     smely , carpet well worn , enjoy the pool every day on the roof after my morning walk down by the harbour . we only eat breakfast there once , as we be room charge     au not worth it

holiday inn be well situate on nathan road and hoarbour city . only complaint be there be alot of construction noise during hours of       which be clearly hear from   floor . we complain and be upgrade to a higher level floor room . rooms be clean and of reasonable size . breakfast buffet be terrific and would recommend this with your book although be on the pricey side . great for family as the pool be of good size , clean and have sun bed chair for relax

i go to hong kong for work . the holiday inn golden mile be choose by the client . it have a great location on nathan street next to the rather seedy but still interesting chunk mansions . it be close to the subway station , the harbor ferry , and the temple street night market . so , for get around , the location ca n't be beat . the rooms be musty   moldy smell and the carpet have see better days . however , everything seem very clean and i have no problem with much of anything . the bed be comfortable and firm , the water pressure excellent if a little on the strong side . the front desk seem to speak pretty decent english but we do find that the concierge service be uneven . some clearly know way more about the city and how to get around than others . why this do n't have a lobby bar be beyond me . all i know be that i would have buy many a drink if they have a bar in the lobby . instead it be upstairs on the second floor and absolutely frigid . the good news be that they have a happy hour which we stumble across accidently . i order a glass of wine and get two . the breakfast be fabulous . we never eat the buffet but the cook to order breakfast be great . i have both the chinese selection and the western one while we be there

after some survey , we decide to stay at holiday inn golden mile because of it 's good location and airport shuttle bus to it doorstep . everything be fine , the first impression at the reception be excellence as it be fast and smooth . the room size be just right with   double bed . however , in the morning , while , we be still in our dream , we hear loud singing from opposite our rooms , they be pakistan gathering for their pray , opening the room door . and the whole floor be almost pakistan . it be really disturbing . this hotel be really full of tourist from pakistan , even their ground floor , you can see a lot of them standing around in the night time , it be quite dangerous . overall , this facility and location be great

we stay overnight in between flight between the uk and new zealand , use priority club points . transfer by airport express train go fine    on the way back we even manage to check in for our flight at kowloon airport express station . we book eight month ago , request a non smoking room with two double bed    on arrival a surly , decidely unfriendly receptionist first try to talk us into a hk     upgrade which we turn down , then she tell us that we could have a smoking room with two double or a non smoking room with one kingsize bed . we be not very happy about this and as a result we get a free upgrade to an executive room with a rollaway . the room itself be great   obviously recently remodelled , quiet , spacious , lots of amenites , the rollaway and our suitcase arrive within   minutes . because of the rain , i suspect , our son have the pool pretty much for himself . the buffet breakfast be expensive hk     and mediocre . apart from the receptionist , all staff we dealt with be friendly and courteous . it 's a pity to staff the reception desk with arrogant people , because first impression count and last . would we stay again ? no . on our way to the uk we stay at the novotel citygate near the airport which we much preferred and which have very good access to downtown by train

i stay in a double room on the seventh floor in what i understand be a smaller room than a standard double offer due to the fact that i be travel alone . whilst the room be on the small side , it be perfectly adequate for me on my two night stay . the room have everything i need and be very clean . i see other reviewer complain about the view from the windows from this side of the hotel , yes the view of the air condition unit on the other building be not great but you be in central hong kong so what would you expect in this price bracket , plus i be too busy see the sights outside to worry about the view from my room

we stay at this hotel from june   to june    

we could deal with the indian out the front hassle us all the time and the reception area look beautiful , but when the lift open , we have a sink feeling

i stay at a deluxe room during june   for   nights . i be tell it be recently renovate , but i wasnt feeling the 'new ' comfort of it when i arrive . in fact the room look just ok , not bright enough . we get a room which come with   queen size bed and it be very good for family of   to stay all in   room . the bed be quite comfortable though and have clean bedsheet on it . the bathroom be small , with a bathtub that wasnt really clean and white . the toiletry come in full set , so you not need to prepare any if you be a easy traveller

this be a clean hotel in a dirty part of the city

i am a repeat guest of this hotel

we choose this hotel because i have stay there years earlier and know it be a great location

find the   double bed perfect for   kid and   adults  so many place in china include hk want to charge for the   person despite the fact that there 's plenty of room . clean rooms , superb shower , very easy to navigate both the hotel and the neighborhood , though we be frequently barrage with offer for tailor and     copy watches     one complaint about service   staff be not helpful with regard to use of subway trains , nor be they able to get us either connect rooms or decent view

it 's a four star hotel but it 's more like a three star in the us since the hotel room be quite old . however the service be outstanding . the gym be clean and modern and open from       to   the pool be open from   to   as well

great location with   min walk to mtr

after countless hours find a hotel that would accommodate   adult and   child , we settle with this hotel

my family     i stay at this hotel for   nights . we stay in a   bed , non smoking room . the room be clean     spacious for   of us my husband     daughter . customer service officer be prompt     answer our question clearly . buffet breakfast be quite variety     more than enough to cover until lunch time   . last but not least , i would recommend this hotel for its location , convenience for public transport     cleanliness

we take this trip through jtb the enormous japanese travel agent because we live there . they handle everything , include check in . on the bus from the airport the local agent assure everyone that we would get non smoking rooms unless we request smoking . lo and behold when we get to the room it be smoking . front desk offer to send some spray to the room . as any non smoker will tell you , that have a minimal impact on the stink which pervades the room . after a tussle with the local agent and the hotel , we be finally give a non smoking room . the room be clean and comfortable . all you would really want for a short stay . the hotel be well located .   minute walk from star ferry to hong kong island and right on nathan road , a main shopping street in kowloon . our room be quiet and we be happy with it . i would recommend it although it be not a cheap hotel

nice hotel with a great location

we book the hotel as we know that the location be superb

i book a room at the holiday inn golden mile through their online book engine and secure a     special savings      day advance purchase rate that require a full prepay and no cancellation . i then come back to the website two week later to book a room for a friend to find that the rate have drop by more than     . when i call ich guest relations they refuse to honor the lower rate . call me crazy , but one would think that a full upfront , no cancellation   day advance notice book would be lower than one book with no strings attached . despite their book with confidence , low price guarantee , customer service refuse to honor the lower rate . i do n't think i will ever stay there again . what a terribly customer unfriendly hotel !

at first we be stay at the sheraton in kowloon , hong kong but find it be n't right in the city centre , and be a terrible hotel for the huge amount of money that we pay per night . we inspect the holiday inn and the staff be lovely and extremly helpful . they happily show us their rooms and arrange to have our bag moved . they also advise us on all the right subway route to go to all the shopping hotspots . the rooms be far larger than the sheraton and far more comfortable . the bed be great ! it 's location be probably the best in kowloon , right in the middle of nathan street with many subway locate around it . although subway be dot everywhere it be very quiet which mean alot to us . it be a fair price as well . we be very happy with the hotel and would highly reccommend it , we be very picky marker and could not find any fault with this hotel . at the end of the trip we have accumulate so much luggage we be afraid we would be charge lots of money on the flight back home . the staff happily weigh all of our luggage and give us advice on what to do . it be also very secure with a     bouncer    outside the hotel at all times . on our second day we discover the wonderful steam room , whoch be a great escape after a full day of walking . remember expensive be not always the best

this hotel charge   hk   us     per minute for internet usage which be a deal killer for me since i use the internet so much while traveling . this give me a bad impression of the hotel since it 's about on the level of charge for tv usage or put a coin operate lock on the bathroom in this day and age . i do n't mind if they charge a flat rate of say     per day for an internet connection but if they be go to advertise a wireless internet connection in the room then they need to tell you they charge for it by the minute because that make it basically unusable . if i have know that i would n't have stay there but fortunately it be for only one night

this be our first visit with our two children top notch accomadation with a premium location and we at all times feel secure the restaraunt breakfast be a daily highlight .  our return trip be already be plan for  

one of the eternal landmark of hong kong and nathan road be the old golden mile . it have undergone several renovation over the years and the top floor   + be very nicely done . if you do have the misfortune of get on a lower level say   or lower it be still pretty nice , but get quite dated . the view be terrible from either side an alley way on one side , a tailor and housing on the other but take a   minute walk to the harbor . there be a ton of things to do within a   minute walk as long as you do n't mind be in a constant crowd organize chaos . be sure the check out the spaghetti house and deli france if you 're tire of local fare . for laundry , do n't use the in hotel service , but walk to the back of the lower level of the horrible look chungking mansion , and you 'll find the very nice lady at purity laundry . save you a ton of money , and get your clothes back within   hours . be sure to check out hari 's bar , happy hour until   pm , great place to watch the lady of the night in action , and look down on the busy area outside while sip some spirits . as far as the     tailor sir tailor        copy watch    as these guy , just ignore them . if you make the mistake of say no , or even worse shake their hand , they get cha ! just walk on by like the local do

stay here for   nites . the room be clean and comfortable however the room that i stay in be face an old building . maybe for future stay i would opt for rooms face the other side of the hotel . superb location for shopping and travel . it be personally easy for me to get halal food as the bulding next to the hotel have many halal outlet and even across the road

we stay here for   night with our   young child , and find the staff to be extremely helpful , the room be tastefully decorate and comfortable and the location be just superb if your only in hong kong for a few days and want to do alot of explore

the location of this hotel can not be fault , a five minute stroll to star ferry terminal , and a   second walk to the mtr station . the rooms be of an average size , although the bathroom be a little on the small side , but the room in general be very clean , with a really comfy kingsize bed and pillow

have just return from a   day holiday not stopover to hong kong . we pick this hotel from its location on nathan road and price . there be three woman on our holiday share a standard room . we be offer an upgrade at a price but decide we be n't actually go to be in our room much to warrant pay extra . yes , there be n't much of a view out of our window on the   floor , but we do n't pick this hotel for its view . the room be tidy , have everything we need for our stay and be roomy enough for the three of us

stay here for   days during the busy hk jewelery fair late september . i prefer to stay on the kowloon side where this hotel be locate , albeit hkcec convention center be opposite on hk island . really can not fault this hotel for anything . i stay on the club level which be nice . these rooms have apparently be upgrade beyond the standard accommodation , so i can â € ™ t comment on the regular guestrooms . nice evening hors d'oeuvres and continental breakfast in the club lounge . do n't know how much extra this privilege costs , as i be on business   but i would imagine it could be a worthwhile supplement esp . for   people if price at or below us     the greatest thing about this hotel be their location . while i do n't do my shopping on nathan road don â € ™ t fall for the heckler on nathan rd â € ¦ although sam â € ™ s tailor shop yellow sign on nathan rd be very good and reasonably price , you be literally right across the street from the mrt tube station . alternately , you can walk to the star ferry   minute casual walk and take the scenic route to hk island via the harbor ferry . buy an octopus card and you 'll be all set for boat , train and airport express . there be a minimum initial deposit of hk     require , but you will blow through this quick enough if you do any amount of move about during your stay . it 's also nice that they allow you to cash out at the end of your trip   in case you have extra money leave on your octopus . only complaint be that in room internet be not free not even in club level rooms . again , since i be on business , this be not a big deal to me   but i resent any hotel that feel it necessary to nickel and dime its guest to death . most holiday inn 's have free internet , so not sure why this one be an exception . there be   pc workstation in the club lounge with free i net for those without laptops . staff attitude be generally very polite , although at times a bit stiff i am refer specifically to the club lounge staff . this be a nice hotel , but certainly not the ritz or shangri la   so please drop the fussy attitude there be one lady at the club lounge desk in particular who be a real piece of work   they should force her to undergo attitude adjustment therapy of some kind . i write this off to typical hong kong arrogance , so no big deal to me . housekeep staff be superb , as be the concierge . just beware of high hotel price during conventions . i think my executive club room be price around hk   quite good !    however , i recently look into book the same room for october and the lowest rate be nearly hk   ! forget it , for that price i will take my business to the intercontinental ! i will say that this be the second nicest holiday inn i have seen   only behind the ploenchit sp ? road hotel in bangkok the other holiday inn in bangkok look dreadful . but nice or not , no holiday inn be worth usd     per night

the holiday inn golden mile be book through our travel agent as an overnight stopover after a holiday in europe and i am please to say it be excellent

we have just return from a   week trip to china . our stay in hong kong be the final leg of the journey . we have be very happy with all accommodation during our stay and the holiday inn do not let us down . from the very minute of our arrival we be treat with great respect and courtesy . our flight from beijing to hong kong have be delay by   and on hearing this the reception staff check us in with great speed and ensure that our luggage be take to our rooms immediately . the reception staff especially cindy be all extremely friendly and helpful and all have very good english . we have   connect rooms which be very spacious , spotlessly clean and have lovely fresh good quality fluffy white towel in the bathroom . breakfast next morning be buffet style and every food you could wish for be there . fresh fruit , yogurt , cereal , all type of hot western food , chinese food and continental food . the bread , roll , croissant etc be all very fresh and all food be continuously replenish right up to   we use the restaurant   afternoon and the lunch memu be very extensive and again buffet style and food be great   especially the desserts . we stay   nights . we would highly recommend this hotel . it be very well located . the hotel be have a   * rating but i would say it be nearer to   *

you can be anywhere in a matter of minutes when you stay in this hotel . everything be accessible . it be near the subway , convenience store , restaurants,near the ferry , bus and taxi stop , the post office , near the shopping mall , near the museum and near the bay !

when look for a good stopover on way home , our travel agent suggest the golden mile , in hong kong . we get an excellent package deal which include a wonderful sightsee tour , one free dinner and airport transfers . finger cross we book , and be not in any ways disappointed . my first impression of the hotel be   wow   the staff be polite and friendly , and our room be much bigger than expected . i be prepare for the view of neighbour apartment , and the rubbish that fall on to lower roof , so see it as a piece of culture in how other country live . the room be a delight , large and clean with all amenities   and a comfortable bed ! location be excellent for the harbour and ferry , and shopping on nathan rd . i even have my hair cut and style downstairs at the salon which be superb . our include dinner be delicious . while food be reasonably price , we do learn to drink only water at meal time and buy our drink from convenience store and take back to our room to avoid exorbitant prices . hotel staff be approachable , friendly and always smile and willing to help . i would recommend this hotel to anyone , we could not fault it

the holiday inn golden mile be a perfect destination hotel . not only be it locate in the heart of kowloon on nathan rd , it also have it 's own mini shopping mall too , as well as four delightful dine experience and a rooftop pool with bar , oh and a gym , if anyone really want to continue their fitness on holiday

you 're pay for the location   plain and simple

a very busy hotel with good size rooms . we be a family of four with two child age         we choose one room with two double bed as this be a two night stopover to break our london   sydney flight with a shopping blitz . upon check in we be offer a plethora of add fee upgrade of which we choose one at     hk per night that offer the child dine free and a     discount in all hotel restaurants . this pay for itself and some since we have dinner at the hotel buffet both nights . best way to describe the hote be   we be comfortable . our room appear to be recently renovate and be immaculately clean . bathroom very small . the hotel pool on the roof provide a nice setting . the staff be very friendly and all speak english . the room maid be over zelous and could n't wait to clean our room each day , it be a bit annoy know he be waiting . the complimentary water bottle in our room be a nice touch and when housekeep relised there be four of us they replenish the water and cosmetic very promptly . our room rate include a late   checkout at no charge which be very handy . our son have an incident in the hotel buffet be he accidently break a glass coke bottle with a glass fragment cut his cheek slightly . the restaurant manager be extremely attentative call first aid and a duty manager immediately whom promptly attended . they escort him with my wife to our room be they attend to him very attentively . upon checkout the next evenning the same duty manager in a very busy lobby leave what she be do to see if all be ok , which it be and pay particular attention to our son . i think this be very impressive and personal of her for such a minor incident . ideal location and hotel for a hong kong shopping spree . exceptional value for money . be recommend to me by both a friend and travel agent whom both stay there . i have already recommend it to others

book online for executive club room .   double bed

we be recommend this hotel and it be definitely as describe , it be central ,   star and great service . we decide to upgrade to executive level as it be the same price when we book direct with the hotel compare with the normal room via the travel agent . you get so many extra 's eg . drink and nibblies at night , i be drinking chivas regal every night , also coffee and bikkies anytime during the day , also a great breakfast all inclusive . so we definitely get our money worth , oh also you be always on the   or   level and check in there too . the hotel be really central and you can walk to the star ferry , walk to temple st market , also lady market and also an easy   on a train to shenszen , china the only place to go shopping , it be the best and cheapest anywhere . love the place and would definitely go back there . just beware of all the tout as soon as you walk out the hotel door but it be everywhere . also if you can avoid june please do as it be so hot in june but there be always so many shop with air condition to go into , so you just put up with it

i travel almost constantly across asia , and the holiday inn golden mile be one of my favourite hotels . and perhaps the best holiday inn anywhere in asia except perhaps for the new , funky holiday inn at ploenchit rd in bangkok

we stay at this hotel on our return journey from taiwan . there be a free shuttle bus service   to from kowloon aiport express station which will save you the taxi fare , however the taxi fare from kowllon airport express station will only be about   hk dollar max which be about four quid   may   price

book two rooms at the exeuctive club floor for four nights . we find the rooms extremely spacious for hk standard   imagine a king bed , a two seater couch , coffee table and still ample space for my toddler to run around ! this be a welcome change from our last visit where we stay at the highly rate hotel at mongkok area . also , rooms be well lit

have see previous review we opt to upgrade   the extra be only hk     = Â £   a night   and we could n't find fault with the room , hotel or service . the austrian restaurant be great value , especially the buffet   and again excellent service

while you could never claim that the holiday inn golden mile be one of the world 's great hotel , our   night stay be perfectly satisfactory . upon arrival at     and not really expect to be able to check in   a room be quickly prepare for us . we be also give late check out till  

the hotel be book as part of a package deal . we be in a double room for   nights . we do n't use all the hotel 's facility as we be out sightsee or shopping most of the time

this be one of the best hotel in hong kong

we have just return from a   night stay at the holiday inn golden mile . i read several review here before make my book , and i must say that i be feeling concern upon arrival as most people have say that they do not receive the rooms they have book , and be upsold to more expensive rooms etc . on arrival , the staff be friendly , our rooms be ready , and be very nicely decorated . we travel with   child , and request interconnect rooms which we received . both rooms have   double , and be quite large by comparison of some that i have stay in . the view out the window that people complain about be very typical hong kong , and honestly if this offends you , maybe you should not go to hong kong . the breakfast buffet be great , food for all culture , eggs cook for you . we eat there every morning , and do n't feel the need for lunch . we take a piece of fruit from the buffet , and they encourage our child to take something from the bakery . we order room service one night about   take approx   mins . pricing be good , and food be great . arrive in the hot trolley , and leave to eat when you be ready . location be my main reason for book , with my youngest   years , the mtr and the ktr right over the road . at the end of a long day   days in a row this be great , straight off the train into hotel . the hawker seem to be outside all major hotel , and yes they be annoying . once again if you stay in the tsim sha tsui area this be to be expected . the firm no work , but they do this every time you come and go . we be give   check out without charge , and our whole experience be great . i would return and recommend this hotel . staff in cafe vienna be very helpful , offering where to shop and where not to . we find this valuable . overall a great stay

this be the last stop for us on a four week tour of australia , before our return to the uk

the holiday inn be clean , the staff be helpful , and the workout room be well equipped . i would give it   out of   stars . the restaurant be only passable , but serve the purpose for breakfast . if you have the money , stay somewhere with a decent view of the victoria harbour and with better restaurants . we walk to the intercontinental hotel in kowloon on the harbour one night for drink and dinner . it be much nicer and seem like a true   to   star hotel

the hotel be right near nathan road on kowloon and an easy walk distance to the harbour . only disadvantage be the number of hawker as soon as you leave the

stay   night at the holiday inn golden mile hotel over new year eve   choose this hotel because we want to stay in the city centre and that unfortunately most of the surround cheaper hotel be fully book during the holiday season

we stay at the holiday inn golden mile last week , on our way back to europe from australia . we have stay here before and like the location of the hotel . we be priority club members . our flight arrive at   be and we arrive at the hotel very early in the morning and ask the front desk if they could store our bag until the room be ready . the very friendly and efficient man at the front desk inform us that our room be not ready this early , but he would give us another room to use in the meantime . this be completely unexpected but very welcome ! we be show to a renovate room   it be clean and spacious . we freshen up and leave for the day . when we return in the late afternoon our bag have be move to our executive club room . another clean , spacious room     queen size bed , bathrobes , slipper , complimentary water and lots of other nice touches . executive club level include access to the lounge , with cocktail from       pm and breakfast . my only complaint about the lounge would be that there be no drink save for coffee in the lounge outside of cocktail and breakfast times . free intenet in the lounge as well , which be great . my husband and i use the gym   it be clean and well equipped . breakfast in the morning be great   include eggs to order , plenty of western and asian choices . we be give a   pm checkout with no extra charge . hotel arrange airport pick up and drop off for us

i probably could write a really bad review about this hotel but want to be fair to the company

we stay at the holiday inn golden mile for four night on our way to oz . as a treat we decide to book an executive club room . it be well worth it . on arrival we have personalise check in which be very efficient . unfortunately we be give a smoking room . we complain and be move straight away . the service be very efficient , if sometimes a little impersonal and include transfer to     from the airport organise by e mail at an extra cost . the lady at the travel desk be most helpful with advice and organise trip for us

i be very disappoint after check in at the holiday inn golden mile . be a member of their priority club , i bookd a room believe their promise of a guarantee lower than anywhere else rate . i even call to check that all their rooms be recently renovate and the operator who answer the call say that all rooms be renovate

i just return from a   day stay at holiday inn golden mile . it be my first trip to hong kong , but i have be to asia many times . let first talk about the good side of this hotel   i have a standard room an   floor , just new renovated . the rooms be resonable size , clean and friendly looking . the bed be excellent and the bathroom clean as i expected . absolutly nothing to complain . for internet access you need to pay . the disadvantage   look out of the window simply show ugly backside of the economy boom in hk . so do n't do it and keep the curtain closed . the hotel be nicely locate , many restaurant be nearby and of course in the middle of many shopping malls . the hotel as it have a lot to offer in terms of bars and restaurants . breakfast be expensive and not included . to central its just a star boat ride over the lagoon and very convinient . now to the bad side   they will try to sell you an upgrade which be none   that 's what happend to me . but at   pm after a   hour trip , you be glad to be in a hotel . i encounter this later the week . a hotel that i can not trust , i will never return

my husband and i have just return from   days spend at the holiday inn golden mile . we book a king executive suite and although it cost more than the basic room , it be well worth the extra  

i stay in hk during a weekend in the middle of a business trip between seoul and inland china . the holiday inn golden mile be in a nice location in the middle of kowloon . my first night there i go to hari 's bar in the hotel and have a few beers . the bar be decent and moderately priced . look like a lot of the crowd be regular

we stay at the holiday inn , golden mile , for   days , two night , early june ,   on our arrival at the reception the girl gabble that we could not stay in our rooms between   be and   pm as there be renovation work go on . we point out that we should have be inform about this at the time we booked . the girl make rude comment in cantonese   fortunately one of us know cantonese . we be on the   floor which have a corridor carpet in better condition that on the other floors . the decor be   and the only feature apparently add since the   be the modem connection . the outside wall entirely of glass window with scary drop to street below do nothing to keep out traffic noise and the noise of building work . but the noise inside be far worse . it start even before we get up in the morning and continue to the evening . mostly drilling . we be tell the work on be the   floor which be not accessible but in fact workman be everywhere include rooms on the   floor   when they see guest come they hid . while service staff be helpful and friendly the office and restaurent staff be surly and unhelpful

this must be the best value hotel in honk kong

have special need for my handicap mother , the hotel go out of their way to help and make it a wonder experience , everyone be so helpful

stay here for one night on a brief stop over on my way to shanghai

what a fantastic hotel . rooms provide everything you could need , and anyway   who go to hong kong to spend all the time in their room ! the location can not be beaten   walk out the door and you be in the middle of nathan road . the harbour be only   minutes walk away and so be the temple st night markets . the free hotel shuttle bus from kowloon station be great   very frequent and never have to wait more than a few minutes

stay   night here and   night at the sheraton , after see a few bad review of this hotel here

i have be to hk many times and this be the first time i stay at the holiday inn . i would definitely book there again . i book online at the hotel 's website and get an executive king room with breakfast include for a bit more than a standard room . it be fairly large and clean . the breakfast buffet be great and i recommend book with your room as it 's very expensive to pay for after . the location be nice too , perch on the   floor overlook nathan road so try get a window seat . the shopping be right out the door and the subway be around the corner . they have pay internet access in the lobby if you do n't have a laptop . it 's a comfortable stay , not as luxurious as the regent or shangrila or even the sheraton but it sure cost alot less ! infinitey nicer than the kowloon ramada or park hotel which be only a bit less expensive

we stay here on   different occasions , with   kid age         . this hotel get   star from me for location , accessibility , service , and rooms

have stay in hong kong many times , holiday inn a couple of times , both times the rooms be small , about the size the of the bed , for the price stay at the sheraton !

the best thing about this hotel be the location . its right across the street from the mtr subway station which get you anywhere in hong kong . be also a short walk to the ferry which get you to hong kong island star ferry , macau , lantau , etc   there be unlimited shopping along nathan road just steps away from the hotel . lots of good food option too

this hotel be very nice , but we have book a room with double bed because of travel with   children . be tell that it would be no problem get the two bed , but on arrival we be tell that they do n't have any but they would upgrade us to a suite with one king bed and a roll away bed at no charge for an extra   hkd a night . at this point we have no choice or we be go to have to try and stay somewhere else . of course , we take it and the room be very clean , and it be extremely nice . service be good , i think the room service food be a bit expensive . i would recommend this hotel for single traveler but not families . as far as location it be very good , mtr right accross the street , store in hotel and all along the road . only one mtr stop from the night market

i just get back and if there be any way i could get a full refund i would . bedroom be barely clean , staff unfriendly

