the location of the hotel be great . this hotel be just opposite a big shopping mall times square and within walk distance from the mtr station . apart from the double bed , the room come with a sofa bed that can accomodate two young kids . it be a holiday inn express hotel and therefore it do not have some of the frill , such as room service , gym , swim pool etc , that come with a typical holiday inn hotel . overall , we be very happy with the hotel

i stay at this hotel twice on my way to , and on my way from oz in may  

i cant fault this hotel at all the rooms be a good size for hong kong standard and the whole place be very clean and tidy the location be superb,right in the heart of the action of causeway bay and very close to mtr station exit a which could whisk you off to any part of hong kong island or kowloon in super fast time the staff be very friendly and helpfull , especially at breakfast be you be seat and serve very quickly as i book well in advance i get a great price we hope to return to hong kong in the not too distant future and would make this our first choice of hotel

we have relations in hongkong . so they be the one that actually suggest , contact and the reason we go to visit

very good location ,   mtr stop away from the centre of hong kong , its skyscraper and its lively nightlife . the journey on the mtr from causeway bay to central be only   , the equivalent of   in november   the mtr station be just round the corner , as be starbucks , a foreign exchange bureau , a fitness club and numerous shop

i have stay   years earlier here and this time i sense things have deteriorate a little . i find the bed to be hard and pillow too soft the only alternative they offer me be a 'foam ' pillow . my bathroom in   separate rooms i stay in make a noise which maintenance could n't fix but i do the diy myself as i realise it be an air bubble in the sink that i could fix by put the plunger down

i really ca n't think of anything bad to say about this hotel . the staff be very helpful , the location be good , and the breakfast menu , although plain , be adequate for the three night we spend there . the rooms be more than comfortable for two adult and although we be close to the main road side , we be high enough to only just hear traffic noise if we tried . i would have to agree with the comment from some reviewer regard the distance from the mrt station as it be a bit further than it appear and while it be n't much of a problem when out shopping or sightsee , i could n't recommend use the subway to travel to or from the airport , especially during peak periods . my suggestion for one or two traveller would be to use the shuttle service , it 's cheaper than thieve taxi driver even when they 're be honest , and less confusing than combine the airport express and taxis . definitely a hotel to recommend

we stay at this hotel because of it 's excellent location right next to times square , causeway bay . the room be very basic , but clean     with everything you need . nothing special but a great base . we be also attract by the free breakfast   we find this to be rather disappointing so do n't book a stay here base on the breakfast . the western option be either bacon , egg , hash brown , toast , fruit     orange juice with tea coffee or a green salad with toast , fruit     juice . the quality of the food be average , edible but nothing special . the restaurant where breakfast be hold be very cold a c overload     quite depress ! the free internet corner be a great bonus     you also get free internet in your room which i think be really good as many hotel still charge the earth for this service . the room be clean , quiet     do n't have any unpleasant odour which we have find in many hotel that we have stay in in hong kong . the hotel be easy to find , you can either cut through lane crawford in times square , or walk around the back of the building   the road name be clearly signed . exit a of the mtr be a bit of a walk but be not a major problem , you could always take one of the other exit     walk to the hotel across the streets . there be lots of great shop     place to eat in this area , plus you be only a few stop away on the mtr from kowloon     central

we stay with a teenager for   night find the hotel excellant value for money on this grade hotel . we find the quality to be slightly better than their british counterparts . the only complaint be that the rooms be a little small when you have to use the bed settee which in fact be more of a futon . breakfast have a good choice   in all two western and two chinese . service very efficient and friendly in both lobby     restaurent . four restauants on site all different cuisine . location ideal , mtr entrance via large , very smart shopping mall that also include every type of restaurant fast food you could require . area     hotel spotlessly clean at all

i agree with the average or poor review here , the customer service be really lack and the rooms be nothing to get excite about . it be a very cheap basic hotel . however , hopefully you do n't spend much time in your hotel while in hong kong . the location be nice , easy to walk to anything . perfect for my first visit

locate beside     times square    with its access to causeway bay mtr the hotel be well situate and fairly east to find once you have your bearing !  check in be straight forward , the room be compact but have all the amenties and the bed be comfortable

first experience of holiday inn express hotel and this one be good , as far as i am concerned . have rooms on top floor , with view over to harbour and star ferry . breakfast be very good , with enough choice . breakfast staff very efficient . rooms a bit on the small side , but everything be there for you

this hotel 's exterior do n't do it justice . the exterior be old and worn , like many of the hong kong hi rise bldgs . the interior be beautiful , upscale and modern   with several very nice restaurant , bar and fitness center . great service all around

although the room be relatively small when compare with any normal hotel room , it be locate at densely pack business area at the heart of hongkong island . you can easily catch mrt and the old fashion tram to sight see the upbeat vibe of modern hongkong

spend   night at this hotel . there be nothing i can say about this hotel that have not be say by others

my huband and i stay here this october . it be a good hotel . spic and span altho its room be on the small side . it be across times square wc be a really gud place for shopping and by walk a few minutes one can get to sogo dept store in the main causewaybay area . the housekeep lady be very efficient and so with the reception area and breakfast place , entrecote . i only wish they could change some of the breakfast fare offer on some date even if we be give the same   choice daily . we stay a week and it be like a rotation of choice . the one other thing be that their main entrance isnt that noticeable for first time lodger like me . maybe they could make a more attractive sign to call attention to its

the holiday inn be n't a charming historical hotel . it be however a very clean , incrediably functional hotel in an excellent location only a couple of minutes walk from causeway bay metro station and right opposite times square . it also have a business centre with free internet via computer terminal which be great for download photo and catch up on email . it also have a good airport bus link which be worth it if you have lots of luggage and do n't want the long walk change train to the airport express



this hotel be perfectly situate next to times square mall and ltr causway station . as well , it have easy access to the network of street cars . the rooms be big enough to accommodate my family of four , but of course more space would have be ideal . though the breakfast be n't fantastic , it certainly be decent enough . the one thing i would have like would have be a swim pool to get some respite from the heat   then again you ca n't have everything . the price be quite reasonable , so would definitely recommend this hotel

this hotel deserve the solid   rating it have on tripadvisor . it be an exceptional value . the rooms aren ‚ Ä ô t fancy but they be clean , attractive and functional . the rooms be not large   there be just barely enough room for two adult and a   year old . when the sofa bed be fully open the desk chair can ‚ Ä ô t be push back . but our   year old preferred open the bed only part way , which make it seem like a little fort . the breakfast in the restaurant be acceptable though limited to four set choice two chinese , two western every day the menu change occasionally . free internet be great . we be delight to find a travel agency in the lobby that could book train ticket , very convenient . the times square mall be across the street , there be a door just to the leave of lane crawford that lead to an elevator to the mall . in the basement of the mall be a large food court and a huge western style supermarket , and there be several floor of restaurant at the top of the mall . there be a   on the street right behind the hotel turn right and walk around the block . we really enjoy a meal at crystal jade dumpling restaurant in the basement of times square , and it be right next to a conveyor sushi restaurant we also enjoyed . for a quick adventure , there be a very cool open air ‚ Ä ú wet ‚ Ä ù market with vegetable , meat , seafood , that can be see from the windows of the rooms   it be on the other side of the main highway walk underneath . the market be an easy walk from the hotel , only about two block , and a very interesting side trip . the only real downside to this hotel be the distance from the subway   the causeway bay station be two block away through an underground tunnel which be an uphill walk toward the hotel . tip   if you take the airport express from the airport , take a taxi from hong kong station to the hotel . we make the mistake of take the subway , which entail drag our bag through the underground passage between the hong kong and central stations , then onto the subway which be crowd , and finally drag the bag up the two block tunnel from the causeway bay station to times square and around the corner

we stay here for   days , breakfast included . there be four choice in the breakfast menu      western which consist of ham bacon and eggs or yogurt with fruit salad or oatmeal     asian which be either congee with dim sum or fry noodles . across the street be the times square mall where there be a huge food court where you can find hamburger to korean , or japanese or cantonese , food price be around     per person . there be also a pizza hut in the hotel . the part i like most be the bars   of them on the street level . i have great fun in drinking with all my cousin and friend from the us and canada   we all stay in this hotel to attend a wed in wai chai . all of us acknowledge that this hotel be great in terms of location . since we be not under any business expense , the average price per room that come with breakfast be truly economical . the washroom in particular be something to praise about . it be proportionally huge relative to the room size . it be bright and clean . the glass shower stall be big . the design of one door share with the overall bathroom or just toilet stall be ingenious . why it be strategically locate be that you be within a short walk from the waterfront , the mtr subway or the tramway line on hennessey rd which be one block north . wanchai where the convention centre and bars be be just adjacent to causeway bay . there be all transportation mean , shop , food court within a radius of a   mile . in fact , we walk to the convention centre in wanchai through underground walk way and sky walk for the wed reception . one add bonus of this hotel , internet be free . we sleep well . the hotel , the convenience of food court , bars and all our outing make this hk vacation just perfect . the only thing i might say put a damper to the fun be the humidity tend to be a bit high in july , it take us quite a few days to get adjust to it

we stand   night in this hotel last june   adult ,   child   and   years

the hotel be strategically locate in the heart of causeway bay next to times square and mass transit railway mtr station

i have be to this hotel twice now    once in the christmas of   and once in the christmas of   although holiday inn causeway bay be not the prettiest of the place , it be locate in a very convinient place

this hotel be great   just what we be look for in our stay in hong kong . this be a holiday inn , a place that be clean , comfortable and you can rest up for the night . there be nothing really luxurious about it . check in be a breeze , fairly young team at the front desk check us in quickly and be friendly

i do n't spend much time at this hotel or in hong kong but i would not stay at this location again . this location be primarily select due to it 's proximity to our hk office and it 's low cost . next time , i'l spend a little more money and walk a little further

i have stay at this hotel on   separate occasions and will continue to return . the rooms be a bit small and not a square inch be waste in the bathroom layout . but , the rooms be very clean and comfortable , and the bed be akin to what you would find at a luxury hotel . in room internet be free . small refrigerator in room and not a mini bar , so it actually have room for things

i stay in holiday inn express worlwide during business travel and this one locate at causeway bay hong kong do not dissapoint either when i go with my family for holiday . it be centrally locate , with the hk undergrowund mtr at walk distance and the ocean park and all shopping mall be very near

i stay here with my wife and   child age   and   . we have   room , with the child sleep on a sofa bed . do n't expect too much , but great value for money and very friendly staff

we book two rooms at this hotel for a family vacation that include my wife , our child and my mother . we not go expect too much from the hotel and sure enough we be not dissappointed

my office book me into this hix   and i certainly not regret it . at this price , other hk hotel would give you a room that 'd make a pretty decent walkin closet anywhere else .

best hix breakfast i have ever had . rooms be as large as could be expect for hong kong . definitely bigger than the midtown manhattan hix . a bit tricky to find the first time if you do not come out of the right times square exit . no fitness centre

great location . locate in center of activities . you can find local shop and up market shop all around the hotel . you can have the choice of over   restaurant and hundres of mall shop in times square which be just opposite the hotel , or walk another   meter to hunders of restaurant and shop where local enjoy

this be my first time at a holiday inn express and i be pretty impressed . the hotel have a modern look about it and the check in be simple and efficient . at check in , you be also present with coupon for their complimentary breakast at their restaurant , w'entrecote which double as a steakhouse , in the evening

grea location , right next to times square . rooms be clean , comfortable and relatively spacious . well design bathroom , great shower

the room and bathroom be clean . the room be quite spacious for a hong kong hotel . the sofabed consist of three matresses from the sofa that be lay out on the floor . check out be at   , but they allow us to keep the room for a couple more hours free of charge because our flight be much later in the day . there be free breakfast   i like the satay noodle but not the congee , which i think be rather tasteless

best price i could find on the internet and great value for money . ¬ £   per night for   of us in a room . location fantastic on hk island right by the mtr . clean and comfortable . restaurant overprice but so be all hotel restaurants . breakfast throw in be fine . snob value no but for a family of   adult and   kid try to do everything and spend as little as possible it be

the hotel be easily accessible by mrt   excellent for get about the city   and with lots of shopping and place to eat nearby . the room be clean and a reasonable size . the staff be friendly and efficient   i be especially impress by the early morning jollity of the breakfast staff ! the first two breakfast be fine , the third pretty horrible . there be free internet at internet corner in reception . really , this be as i would expect for a chain hotel in a city . it be a bit pricey but then this be hong kong and the ¬ £ be worth very little these days

we only book   night at this hotel as we be only in hk on transit . we book   rooms at this hotel , one for   people and the other for   have read other review we book a transfer to the hotel rather that take the mrt . the checkin at   be efficient and rooms be clean and well make up . you can not expect to much from a express hotel , but it be good enough for   night . i wouldnt stay in the hotel for longer than   or   night

stay   night at the holiday inn select during our recent visit to hk . pay     cad a night include tax   service fee and that include complimentary hot breakfast for two , and free in room internet access

this hotel be recommend to us by a friend who life in hong kong . it be our first visit to hong kong on our way back from china to australia . the hotel location be excellent right opposite the times square mall though the taxi driver we take from the airport express train station do n't understand where we want to go until we show him the print out with the address my wife speak mandarin and we both speak english but that often do n't help much in hk . the room have a great view of downtown hong kong , it 's small and basic but there be no problem of any sort . the free breakfast be ok   at least the continental and chinese option   we manage to get them to swap some item from the set meal standard at no extra charge

my friend and i stay in   rooms at the holiday inn express in causeway bay for   night back at the end of february to early march   be originally from hong kong and have close family there , i know the city quite well , and preferred to stay on the hong kong island side , but not in the business district in central

the room be small , remind of the cabin on the cruise ships . the roomrate be a bit on the high side , the breakfast experience be very efficient but the food serve ridiculous so go to nearby cafe instead . would n't necessarily stay there again inspite of the very happen central times square location

this be a very economically price hotel in a great location just next to times square which be a great place to shop . the location be about a   min walk from the causeway bay mtr stop . the hotel be clean and comfortable although a little small and minimalistic but that 's expect give the price . in room internet access be include which be a nice bonus . the bed be comfy and a very basic breakfast be include although it 's plentiful with a choice of   or   options . overall a good experience

spend two night in hong kong as a stop over en route to australia . as we want to spend most of our time explore rather than relax we decide to go budget rather than pay for frill we would not use

my husband and i stay in hong kong for three night on our way to thailand . this hotel be the perfect choice for our short stay . for longer trip , i 'd recommend something a little more upscale with larger rooms

just spend a week at the express and have a very positive experience overall . as the name suggest , it 's a quality hotel but pare down to the basics . do n't expect room service , cable tv or a big screen . the room be clean well every day , a basic service you 'd expect but rarely seem to get . the free bottled water daily be a bonus as be the simple breakfast   handy when you 're in a hurry but not for gourmets . the bed be a good size , somewhere between queen and king with enough room to move around it comfortably . the entrance to the mtr be literally across the street but then you 're face with about   minutes of hike through corridor and escalator under causeway bay before you reach a platform   not a great way to arrive with all your luggage . i be lead to believe the airport express shuttle bus service would drop us at the hotel but the driver would n't take us why ? so have to catch the mtr at additional cost and hassle . there be plenty of reasonable eatery in the basement of times square   jade garden be a good option . genroku sushi be a good cheap option on the corner but do n't take their     bar    sign literally   they have no cold beer the second time i go in so i just leave   they still want to charge their     service charge

very basic hotel , but clean and in a good central location for tour hong kong . if all you want be a base place to stay this be definately the place to stay

we stay for   night on holiday at this hotel . its location be excellent , beside the times square shopping mall which have fabulous restaurant we particularly like the superstar for dim sum . it 's also easy to get to on the metro . it 's very clean , modern , and basic , with a young , enthusiastic front desk staff . we think it be a good value at usd   include all tax and breakfast . there 's free internet in the lobby . the breakfast consist of   set option and could be improve , but it be fill and there be numerous place in the mall across the street if one want a higher quality breakfast . the bed and the bathroom be superb although no bathtub and far exceed our expectation for a hotel of this class

stay here in march   basic but     business    type hotel with just the essential provided . this hotel greatest asset be that it be cheap and locate adjacent to times square . all round helpful friendly staff indeed , everyone in hk seem friendly and willing to help ! . breakfast be a weak point though   poor option for vegetarian . a good place to stay in hk

this be my   stay at the holiday inn express causeway bay and also my   review of this place . my last stay be in september last year

the hi express causeway bay be the perfect choice for a short weekend break in hk to explore the city or just go shopping . pretty much close to everything . opposite the subway station and times square shopping centre , just   or   stop from     central    . beware , though   it 's quite a walk within causeway bay station to the actual platform

the hotel have a good location , right across the times square mall and the causeway bay mtr . this allow it to have easy access to shopping and the food malls . there be also a theatre across the road

stay overnight on may   ,   about       hr from hongkong international airport . you pay each way for the bus that will transport you from and to the airport . the hotel be in good shape

we   adult stay at the holiday inn express just last week

we just stay at the hotel for   nights . the hotel be right across from times square mall . the mtr be in the basement for times square so you can travel around hk . we buy the   hour pass . the hotel lobby be on the   floor and the hotel be a typical city hotel . it be clean and newly renovated . the room be small and basic but we hardly stay in the room . the breakfast include in our price be a selection of   set menus . quite sufficient . overall a good place to stay if you be go to be siteseeing . the market lady and night market be a disappointment , do n't waste your time there . the subway mtr be very clean and convenient . a good stay overall

this be second time i stay at holiday inn express in causeway bay . this be perhaps the best budget hotel i have ever stay at in asia

this be the place we will stay from now on in hong kong . on previous trip we stay at   star hotel include the incredibly posh oriental and the ritz carlton . we decide to try this hotel for one night since our flight quite late into hong kong and we do n't feel like we should spend the extra money for the evening we arrived . our original plan be just to stay there for one night and then transfer to the mandarin oriental landmark for the follow   days and nights . after our first evening , we decide to just stay at this hotel . first of all the location of the hotel be just a few minutes walk from the mtr subway stop at causeway bay . unfortunately it be a little confusing finding the hotel . the exit from the subway be at the times square mall , a huge shopping center in causeway bay and the sign for the hotel be quite small and almost unnoticeable . also the walk from the subway be a gradual uphill climb . in any event once you get to the hotel , checkin be fast and the reception staff very friendly . there be no bell staff so you will have to carry your luggage yourself up to your room . the hotel have   floors . the elevator be large and the wait time not so bad . the room we be give be very nice , large enough for   twin bed and a double sofa sleeper . the room be very clean and have a nice view of the city . there be a   inch television and a nice work desk for use . a plus be definitely the free high speed internet connection . there be no wi fi in the room but i believe there be one in the lobby area . we be also provide   complementary bottle of water each night . there be an in room safe and cotton slipper be provided . however there be no robe provided . the bathroom be small but the shower have hot water and good water pressure . they provide shower gel and shampoo in a dispenser in the shower . they also provide toothbrush , shower cap , and sanitary napkins . the bed be very comfortable . at breakfast they provide us with breakfast vouchers . at breakfast they provide you with a choice of one of   set meal which include orange juice and coffee and some fruit . the food be ok if not altogether fill , but there be many cafe 's around the area , all in all , this hotel provide great value . while its not mean for people who want to be pamper like crazy or for a wonderful honeymoon , this hotel be great for most of us   a clean hotel with friendly service , free internet , and at a great location in hong kong for shopping and as a base to get around the city . i plan to stay here in all my future trip to hong kong

exactly what the doctor order   the location be perfect   rooms be great , staff be friendly and the complimentary breakfast and discount gym pass at california fitness make for a perfect match

i stay in the holiday inn causeway bay with my father for   night in may   the hotel have only recently opened . it be clean , fresh , great rooms , nice view , outstanding location . this have to be the finest example of a holiday inn express i have be to and i stay in hotel about   night a year . the staff be fantastic and so helpful . your   minutes from the mtr and a major shopping centre . breakfast be free as well . overall a really great hotel

excellent hotel in great location ! ! very clean ! ! ! ! ! in a very safe location

just want to let everyone know how please i be with this hotel . good location and importantly for me , clean room and modern clean bathroom . i have stay at the excelsior before and although rooms much bigger , bathroom quite dated . do n't think you can beat it for the money . go to breakfast once   not very good so do n't bother again but staff v helpful , laundry service excellent and if go back and do n't want to spend a fortune sometimes i go for a spoil and stay at peninsula i would def go back

no pretense   great value for money for the initiate     independent

as a family of     teenage son we be travel on holiday around asia and hong kong be our first destination . we be then to travel in singapore and then on to bintan , indonesia . as you can see this holiday , be not go to be cheap and have be to hong kong on business i know hotel in hong kong be very expensive and very few family rooms available . we want to splash out on better accomodation later in the hoilday . i have stay at the excelsior hotel on causeway bay previously so i know the area . also i know that our   days in hong kong would be spend see the place and not stay in the hotel . therefore , i take a chance and book this hotel on the web and what a good decision it turn out to be

we book this hotel base on the trip advisor rating be     and we be glad we did . i be on a bit of a budget , yet want somewhere clean and central . we book it directly via the holiday inn website

we stay here during mid december   for   night , in a room with two bed and one sofa bed for a party of   adult

we be here on christmas . although you would be disappoint with the hotel exterior , you would be surprise that the rooms be actually value for money . the bed be comfortable and we could see the peak from our room . as for breakfast , try the burger or the porridge but give the noodle a miss

this be the cheapest and best hotel i could find online , its not   star but its nicer than i expect and the location be fantastic , right across the street be times square and the mtr train station which will take you everywhere if you want to travel further afield . we be happy with the breakfast , its a super fast service and they 'll even let you pre order and pick up your breakfast if you need to . we stick with the bacon     eggs each morning of our   night stay , this include toast , coffee and orange juice   all include in the room price we paid . our only complaint be the flood bathroom but i am sure they 'd have fix that now   we tell them about it the day we check out . front desk staff be pleasant   and yes they have free internet access , an internet roonm on the same floor as reception which be access by your room card   and we travel through   country on this trip and this be the only hotel that offer free internet   really handy when you want to email friend     family to let them know you have arrive safely etc . no complaint here

i be look for an economical hotel but want a good location . i read a couple review about this hotel and then decide to give it a go . i do n't have a high expectation for this hotel but once we arrive , we know that we would love the location

i have be go to hk for more than   years , and more than   or   times a year . so safe to say that hk be like a   home to me . over the years , i have see hk hotel price go through the roof , so if you 're on a budget which in hk mean around us     to us     but want to stay in the more relevant area , you 'd have to stay at the older hotels . not anymore

i have stay here a few times now   usually when other hk hotel be price high for 'trade fair season ' , which be the case when i be just there   this trip i be there for   night

what can i say that not already be say before

i stay in this hotel fro   night . we can not sleep  the room be too small , the fire alarm often scare us . the hall to the room often smell , after we take shower the water ofter f load , maybe the price be cheap , but we recommend you not to stay here , it 's not worth it . and the last but not list , the breakfast be not very

me and my girlfriend stay at express by holiday inn from aug   to sept   the hotel be small but just right for us

small and noisy rooms , unfriendly staff but with a great location

i previously stay at this hotel a year ago . i be impress with the modern interior and it 's use of the space , thus i recommend it to my friend

i stay at this hotel recently with two friends . we be really surprise at the quality of the room . i have stay at holiday inn before , but this be certainly one of the nicest . the bed be comfortable   however , the     sofa bed    a foam fold out mattress be not that great . the bathroom be really nice , and the shower be top notch ! i be also impress with the housekeep service . we have fresh towel and sheet every day . she even tidy up a little for us , and remove old water and wine bottle

we stay at the holiday inn express causeway bay for   night end of may . the experience we have be way beyond anything we ever have

we find a great rate from the hotel website . we be expect a typical holiday inn express , but be pleasantly surprise as the hotel seem brand new even though its be around for a while and have modern amenities . its more akin to a boutique hotel rather than a large hotel chain . the location be excellent , not on a busy street in causeway bay , and right behind times square . i would definitely stay here again . you have breakfast and internet include in the room rate . great deal in a great location

stay here june   ,   , and  

great location near times square and causeway bay mrt . aircon work a treat and the bathroom design be a little small but hey   you 're there to sleep right

nice big clean modern rooms with view of hk if you be high enough . great location . decently large bed , well design bathroom . i would recommend this hotel if i be go back to hong kong . can be a bit of a queue at breakfast if you go at around   o clock

have read some of the review about this hotel , i be a little apprehensive especially as this be to be the last hotel we stay in on our trip round china and australia

book last december and i be a little worry about review i read in certain travel websites . but i trust holiday inn express as a brand and go ahead . get a great rate from asiarooms com the rooms be small but very adequate and more importantly        really clean . i love the fact that the hotel be right behind times square and walk distance within everything in causeway bay .   location

as other reviewer have say , holiday inn express causeway bay be great value for the money

i must say that this be the best hotel i have stay so far in hong kong . the very efficient check in be a big plus . breakfast be a set meal but be more than enough to get you through the morning . also , breakfast can be order through phone and pick up if you want to eat it in your room . you have a choice of english or chinese meal

we prefer to stay in this hotel whenever we be in hk since it have an excellent location , relatively cheap , plus free breakfast and internet use . grant the rooms be cramp , there be no     service    to brag about , and the light in the room be flourescent   still , it be definitely worth what you pay for it . we love the fact that even up till midnight , causeway bay be still buzz with activitiy , and you can actually step out of the hotel and find decent food to eat no matter what the hour . another plus be the wonderful shower head that be a sure treat after a tire day   one thing though be that we wish they 'd have more english channels in their lineup for cable tv . all in all an excellent stay and worth go back to  

we stay there for   night , after spend   night at eaton hotel on the kowloon side . the neighborhood be different , we try all   type of public transportation here , the tram , the bus , and the mtr . we also find our favorite childhood snack in this area . but i believe we get a better deal with eaton in terms of type of hotel and services . the breakfast be , just breakfast . while eaton have the lcd tv , this one have the old fashion tv sit on the desk take up the valuable working space . we have request a room away from the elevator , but get a room face   of them . luckily it be not noisy . but have it be during the summer vacation time for kid , i believe it will be a busy and noisy area . i might stay here again only if i can not find another better choice . the room size be good , and it come with a sofa . it would be logical to have the lcd tv hang on the wall , so every one can see the tv from the sofa or bed

stay here as part of our china trip   with the kids . a bit cramp with the four of us , but excellent value for money in hong kong . and close to the metro , which be very helpful   buy an octopus card , and you can use it to get round the city very easily . use the times square metro exit to get to the hotel   go up the escalator , turn leave , then right , and there 's the hotel

after be pamper in mainland china , this hotel come as a breath of fresh air . no bellboy take your luggage or bow as you walk by , but i be a bit sick of that by then . instead , what you get be a brand new , clean , comfortable and pretty big room by hong kong standards . and for the first time in hk , from the   windows of my corner room in the   floor , i manage to see some of the most famous skyscraper like the central plaza and a bit of victoria harbour

my wife ,   year old daughter and i stay at the holiday inn express causeway bay   night at the end of march   the hotel be in a very convenient location on hong kong island . the facility be excellent and the staff be wonderful . the room be larger than we expect and be very comfortable with many extra feature include broadband access . breakfast in the hotel restaurant be include and be very good . times square , an upscale major shopping complex , be right across the street . everything you need be right there   from restaurant to shopping to a   just a one minute walk . an mtr station be right around the corner . the hotel lobby have an     internet corner    room with   pc 's , free access , and a very nice mini office setting . we would not hesitate to stay here again and recommend it highly

we spend   night at this hotel as part of our honeymoon

book your hotel in hong kong be cheaper through a travel agent than online . we get the holiday inn express in causeway bay for   us dollar a night online be about   us dollar

be self employed     a frequent traveller to hk , i am conscious of what my expense are . in my opinion this hotel provide all the basic necessity that one need when travel

hong kong , sar  holiday inn

we book a room online lowest rate guarantee and stay for   night during the   week of january this year . this hotel be no frill , with a very small lobby but very strategically locate in causeway bay , be just a few steps really ! away from the main shopping mall times square . if you plan to stay in causeway bay you ca n't go wrong with this location location location ! checking into this hotel we use the hotel trolley to bring up our luggage

this hotel be clean and fresh and very new . we book a triple room . there be   single bed and a fold down couch . i would not recommend this fold down couch for anyone over the age of   it be not really a suitable bed . the breakfast voucher be good and we have a good serve of bacon and eggs every day . the room be small but expect for hong kong . i would definately stay there

we stay in the hotel for   night and we will definitely return there on our next trip to hong kong . the rooms be a good size . everything from the bed , which be very comfortable , to the furniture and fitting be off a high standard . the only minor problem be lack of wardrobe space . we be not too surprise at that as i would imagine most guest would only stay a few days and there woud n't be too many there for as long as we be

i would like to share with all of you the great experience i have at the holiday inn express in causeway bay . grant , it be n't the best high class experience , but you must understand that you be stay at an 'express ' limited service property . with that in mind it be amazing

my husband , my son and i stay at this hotel for   night around new year 's eve   we find it to be a fairly typical limited service hotel . the room be small , but modern and clean . closet space be very limited and there be no dressers . be a party of three , we have to use both the double bed and the sofa bed , which make for pretty cramp surroundings . beware of the so called sofa bed . it consist of a piece that acts as a headboard and a thin mattress that unfolds directly on the floor . even my teenager son find it a little uncomfortable , and he can sleep pretty much anywhere

at the risk of repeat what the others have already write about this hotel , i think i 'd just write it anyway . you know , to give some love back

want to stay on hong kong side after last   trip at kowloon hotel , and the causeway bay area seem the best choice for shopping and convienences . early book   month before our trip help to get a great rate at us     since there be a big telecom conference the week we be there

as point out by xiantraveller in previous review , this be definitely a budget accomodation but hey look at it this way   you only pay a comparatively small amount of money for a place to sleep and shower so why not

i just return to santa clara,outside of san francsco , today i stay in the hotel for   days . i have a great time and the hotel be very busy . staff be very courteous and any unreasonable request be handle with thorough efficiency . you can breathe on times square from your hotel window which be very convenient shopaholics will feel right at home and this hotel top my list on my next trip to hk

it be a limited service hotel . no room service food . no bar in the fridge . but just about everything else . write desk , tv , radio , hairdryer , laundry service , iron room , breakfast include in room price ,   restaurants bars in the hotel building

stay a week in october . this be a very good budget property in an excellent causeway bay location , directly next to subway entrance and major shopping and dine area . the hotel rooms be small but clean and comfortable bed , very small bathroom but great shower . free internet in room or several computer in lobby business center . free breakfast not great and the breakfast service be not exceptional . front desk staff be well trained . i usually stay at much fancier hotel but this week there be a convention in town and my normal hotel be double the usual price so i give this property a try . i usually stay in kowloon , but actually causeway bay be much nicer to dine and shop

i stay with two friend in a triple room here for   night at the end of august  

stay here with   friend for   night at the end of august

we decide to stay in holiday inn express , only because we be look for a stop over hotel in causeway bay area . it turn out to be a great hotel in an excellent location , right next to the times square . we take the airport shuttle bus where be locate at   in the airport to our hotel . it cost   for two people round trip . make sure to stop by at the airport information desk and ask for coupon if available before you purchase the ticket at   we find that it be more convenient for us to take the shuttle bus than the airport express , because the bus drop you off right at the door . with the airport express option , you still have to walk to the hotel with your luggage after exit the station . although you will save more time by take the airport express , the cost be about the same

this be our first visit to hong kong and a friend suggest stay in causeway bay . it turn out to be a great location   transport links be excellent and the hotel be very close to times square station and the trams . time square shopping centre be also great , with lots of great restaurant

we stay at this hotel for   night at the beginning of july . its location be excellent , however our stay be not too pleasant . despite many previous review , our room have weary furniture , especially a sofa . for breakfast you indeed always have the same three set menu , two western and one asian , but it be fine as a snack in the morning

