amazing hotel , great inclusion , good for child

we stay here for   nights . you walk through the lobby and my kid be so excite to see the lovely , gigantic xmas tree . checking in be a breeze . walk into our room , it be good size , clean and tastefully decorated . we stay on the first floor with our own balcony overlook the pool . there be activity rooms for the kid and we use both indoor outdoor pool . my daughter get make up and photo do in the princess room . it be pricey but very worth it for the convenience to the park . our only disapointment be that the food quality be pretty disappointing both in park and hotel

we spend   night at the hk disneyland hotel and think it be the most amazing hotel . we have previously stay at the disneyland hollywood hong kong and while we enjoy that hotel it have nothing on this one . we be lucky to be upgrade for     per night to a seaview room with a balcony and i would absolutely recommend this . we be overlook the water and it be so peaceful

we stay in hongkong disneyland hotel around the   week of nov   although we book a garden view room , we request for something with a sea view and they give one to us at the top floor , from which we could see the sea and the maze of the hotel . we stay   night at an offer price of about sgd   regular price be about   room be very nice and they provide the kiddie barrier , to prevent kid from roll off the bed . there be   queen bed and a nicely size room for , i would say ,   adult and   kids . everything be clean and nice . the curtain be nice and thick and block out the sunlight completely , so much so that we could sleep in till late and still do n't realise it be bright and sunny outside till we draw the curtain

we stay at a two bedroom suite complete with receive area and kitchen spacious bathroom but what i do not like be that it smell of cigarette smoke  

kid love it ! the hotel be very nice . it be build like a palace and be very clean and plush . though the rates be expensive but we think it be penny well spend

just return from a magical stay at the hongkong disneyland hotel we be   family travel together and reach the hotel at around   in the afternoon and the check in lady give us two rooms immediately although the check in time be   o'clock check in be extremely smooth and the luggage arrive in our rooms in almost no time . as request we get all our   rooms next to each other one unique feature be that the rooms be below the lobby level booked the character breakfast at the garden restaurant of the hotel booking the breakfast at check in itself be cheaper as you get a discount of about   percent . although the breakfast be not cheap   hkd it be worth every dollar all the staff at the breakfast have a smile on their face and the disney character move around really exit the kids the staff also readily oblige in click photograph with the characters breakfast selection be huge and also have a few indian dish also which the child love very much . the overall ambience of the hotel be cool and relax  had dinner at the restaurant at the lobby level which have lounge type seat arrangement also  the service at dinner be a bit slow but the food be ok . there be a well stock bar inside the restaurant too stay and play for   days be also a good deal since we reach the park at around       on the first day and be cover the park at a very leisurely pace we could not complete all the attraction on the first day itself so next day we check out of the hotel and keep the luggage in their cloak room and then hit the park for another   hours . there be a lot of disney character move around in the lobby area also with whom you could photograph yourself so if you be stay in the hotel there be no need to queue up for meeting disney character at the park all in all be quite satisfy with the stay

celebrate my birthday with an overnight stay with   other friend at this posh hotel , hong kong disneyland hotel be truly old american in design with a superb chinese restaurant crystal lotus . stay at the kingdom club level level   for a more personalize ambiance with complimentary breakfast , snack , high tea service and cordials . you can also get a great view of the   firework display from the balcony . the victorian spa be nice , but lack the personalize service for the price range that they offer . hire an s class mercedes benz to whisk you to the airport for a glamorous end to a memorable stay

everything about this hotel be worth write about and everything be excellent . let 's go on each point one by one

we really enjoy our disneyland hotel experience   from the room , to staff , pool , food and ambiance   a really good , well thought out hotel , and unlike other hong kong hotel   lots of space and room

i like to travel , and i have to say that so far hong kong disneyland hotel be definitely in my top   list of best hotel that i have stay in

we get a fantastic deal from disney via travel industry rate when we book direct

find it difficult to book when on line reservation do not work . you will be force to call idd to speak to an operator . the dineyland hotel be very pricy and i suggest stay at disney 's hollywood next door and use facility of both resorts . the location wise hollywood hotel be better as it be closer to the actual amuzement park . it have a great swim pool and water slide for kids . the dineyland hotel have a piano bar , child mind facility where they educate and entertain kid and a disney restaurant , where all disney character join you for dinner . the maze outside be fun not only for the kid

this be without a doubt the best disneyland hotel ever stay for me . previously i have stay in paris disneyland hotel and also tokyo disneyland hotel

the hotel be very kid friendly . make you want to remember your disney days   and the   buffet be so worth the price ! but the hotel be very far from the city

our stay at disneyland hotel be suppose to be magical , but it be n't really . it be simply overpriced . and the fact that it be in a seclude area do n't help either . we could n't wait to get out of there

kid love the character breakfast mickey , daisy , goofy and pluto and at hk     for family of   not bad value . rooms large . staff be super   hand out disney sticker to kid at every opportunity . little girl   + will enjoy the princess make over and meeting princess in lobby in morning . do n't miss afternoon tea . free broadband . easy taxi ride to   from airport and regular hotel shuttle to mtr and disney . not place to stay if want hk bright light , shopping etc . only one issue   beware the poolside bar   the insect will have better meal of you , than you will have   bite in   minutes . not just fresh     tourist meat    either   bar staff similarly afflict

well   i book the hotel during christmas cuz my little cousin want to go disneyland .

the kid love the pool , we all love the slide

we have a great time at hong kong disney . we stay at the disney land hotel and have a nice time . we be disappoint in the restaurant and actually eat all our meal at the nearby hollywood hotel i think that be the name    it be also a disney hotel on the premisis . the disneyland hotel be great for kid with the disney character all around , all the time . we be a little disappoint that there be no kid club , but they do have a room fill with things to do , but the parent have to stay with the kids . the restaurant be too formal for us . with a   year old and a   year old the     fine china    and victorian style cause us too much stress at the table . our kid be also up very early ready for breakfast and the restaurant open too late . even though it be a disney hotel , i think that it be n't well suit for young kids . i would definitely recommend it for family with kid over age   , but but iif we go back we will stay at the other disney hotel

this be our first time at a disneyland hotel and what an amazing experience ! ! arrive at the hotel at night be breathtaking as it be all lit up with fairy lights . check in be easy and the staff be all wonderful

this hotel be excellent , i really ca n't praise it more . the staff be friendly , polite , helpful and great with the child

with my husband work for disney in india it prompt us to make a trip to disneyland and we just have to stay one night in the hotel at the park . check in prove to be a delight in itself with goofy peer over our shoulder as we fill in our check in documentation . the staff blend right into the theme of this hotel

part of hk disneyland though not attached . it be an oasis of peace . if you do get a top room you be sure to enjoy the calm of the sea when you get up early morning . a family place with lots of activity even in the lobby keep eveyone young at heart

we   adult and   child age   and   stay here for   night at the end of may . before i make the book via the internet i be consider the hollywood hotel due to it 's cheaper rates and excellent review on this forum . and now i have absolutely no regret about spending the extra     and stay at the disneyland hotel

this be the last stop of a big family holiday and the whole disneyland experience be make even better by stay at this luxury hotel . spend the extra dollar and stay here . the staff could n't do enough for you , the pool have   lifeguard !   ! the lobby lounge be more than comfortable . we have the best night here relax on the lounge drinking the wine , eat tiramisu,watching the kid dance to the brass band  pianist . the kid love the maze and we be lucky to see mickey in person on the last day outside when they put on special game for easter . if i come back to hong kong i think i will base our family here and commute to the city ! far more relaxing . it be even close to the cable car ride to the buddha ! you get to experience the green and mountainous side of hong kong here   a little hideaway

we visit hong kong frequently and this time we decide to stay close to the airport due to us have a late night flight

this be our second stay at hong kong disneyland hotel

we stay at this hotel and we find it very good by hong kong standard . stay at the kingdom club floor i think be worth it , as you get a lot of benefit , which by the time you add it up i think be about the same as the normal room

so you know where i am come from with this review let me give you a bit of background . my partner and i both work at the original disneyland back in the days when service be more important that profit , so we be both very picky when it come to all things disney . we expect a lot from disney and we 're not very forgive when pay the premium price disney charge for their deluxe resorts . we have be to all of the disneyland in the world and have stay at many of disney 's deluxe resort , include the grand floridian on which this property be based . so , with that say , i can say without a doubt that this disneyland hotel be the finest example of what disney can do to create a magcal experience . there be simply no better disney hotel in the world and i do not make that statement lightly

the hotel be beautiful , and magical . it be isolate from everything , so meal times at hotel can be very expensive . young child not eat much and     per child be over priced . the service be great . room be a bit small and tight

everything about the hotel be kid friendly . travel with my toddles be so easy . pad carpet and exquisite but kid friendly furniture . parent find the place luxurious . kid will enjoy the many things to explore . overall , it provide accommodation that 's relax , fun , and fill with magic . the many delightfully placed disney touch all over the hotel give us something to smile about in every corner . mascot walk around , but not in an invasive way . little girl be dress in princess outfits . there be beautiful music from a grand piano in the lobby as we wait to meet the rest of our party . the only improvement i could hope for would be better taste food in the hotel . i 'd like to watch out for promos , if any , because one do have to pay a premium for the disney experience

stay here for   night   april . get a room rate of ¬ £   per room per night with an airline i would card hk     instead of hk    

stay for one night and the kid enjoy it . the rate be     off for annual membership owner and it be really worth it . finish off hong kong disneyland with a night stay in the hotel and breakfast with character appearance will leave a deep impression in the child 's mind

our family of four mum , dad   daughter and   + y o nanna visit hong kong in feb mar   we spend the first week in kowloon and then a further   night in this amazing hotel . we have be to disneyland in california and stay on site in the disneyland hotel so we simply have to do the same here . as a guest of the hotel the disney experience not stop when you leave the park in the evening . every single thing exceed your expectation . there be shuttle bus run every   back and forward from the hotel to the park less than   min trip . my husband birthday fall during the stay and how special be that ! his name as display on the special event screen , he be give a birthday badge and after the most wonderful day in the park we arrive back in our room to find       cakes    make from towel , one from housekeep and one with a personal card from mickey himself the breakfast at enchant garden be one we will never forget , the character mill around willing you to have a memorable dine experience and the food be superb

we stay at the hong kong disneyland hotel   times april   , july   and february   and we all love each time very much . check in , check out be fast . all the staff speak english and be very polite and helpful , hand out lots of disney sticker to my daughter all the time

check in be easy . the rooms be simple but elegant and very clean , and the staff be courteous and attentive . two pool to use , indoor and outdoor . simple but fun garden maze . child can not only have breakfast with disney character , but can casually run into them in the hotel lobby during various times of the day . beautiful ocean view . fantastic if slightly pricey chinese restaurant . family friendly , with some special activity for child

one of our best holiday ever ‚ Ä

we stay for one night last feb   others have write extensive review and i do n't want to say the same things

we stay at the disneyland hotel for   night in the second lag of our two week asia trip in february . we be a family with two kid age   and   turn   in a few week . i have be to hong kong numerous times but this be the first trip for my husband and the kids . originally we plan to stay at the disneyland hotel for   night , then the kowloon shangri la for another two . however , once we arrive at the disneyland hotel , the kid immediately fall in love    their first comment be   ‚ Ä ú this hotel look so familiar , just like the one in san diego ! ‚ Ä ù . well , the hotel be indeed a replica of the historic hotel del coronado less than   minutes from our house in san diego , which we frequently visit . the kid keep on insist that they want to stay there for the whole time they may be a bit homesick after see the hotel , so we finally give in and stay for   night

we stay here for   night on feb   we arrive pretty early ,   and they have one of our rooms ready , the other be read as promise , at   after purchase our park ticket we head to buddha and citygate outlet

i 'll make this short   this be the best hotel i have ever stay in !

this hotel look almost identical to the grand flordian in orlando

we go to see disneyland hk during the cny chinese new year holiday for the   time in after   years . this time we stay at the victorian style disneyland hotel instead of the hollywood hotel since we have be there twice . i try to book us at the fantasia room but be dissappointed to know that it be fully book due to the golden week holiday in china . the sea view and the kingdom club rooms be offer to me and i opt to take the sea view room be much cheaper then plus my wife would go on a fit if she find out how much i     splurged    on my year end pay . on the day we come , there be lots of people from the mainland as guest but surprisingly their check in queue be much faster than the other hotel eventhough there be more people in comparison with our previous stays . as expect due to their number of guest , we be n't give our rooms yet so we take our ticket and go to the park . the park be all jam packed with people on every corner and we be not able to take all of the ride or see some of the show like the lion king , the boat ride to tarzan 's house or the disney parade even when we stay until   we do not get the     play for   days    ticket because the golden week be consider special holiday

the hotel room be pretty spacious with hong kong standard . the furniture look classy but the workmanship be so so . the view be good . i book a garden view room and i could see the garden then the pier and the ocean . the inside of the hotel look pretty nice with real band play soft music on the balcony . there be plenty of staff around to serve . i guess not all of them be fluent in english that may be the reason why some review say they be not respond . they have   pretty nice swim pool , one outdoor and one indoor

wonderfull be the word !

i have mix feelings about my stay at disneyland hotel . the hotel itself be beautiful , beautiful lobby , beautiful garden and rooms . the stay be let down by the quality of the staff and the ambiance of chaos . there be plenty of staff around but very few of them useful . we find many avoid eye contact or simply ignore you so would n't have to do any work apart from stand around

we have just return from disneyland hotel in hong kong . the victorian decor be really charming . the price be steep naturally but its such a beauty . the hotel staff be knowledgeable and fun the service be great . love the mickey maze . bedroom slipper and bathroom for kid be really well thought . we could see the firework from our room window , the park be just   walk away and there 's free shuttle bus around

stay at the hong kong disneyland hotel for   night in januray at the end of a month long world trip as a treat for our   and   year old

as one that have previously stay in disney park hotel in disneyland calif . and walt disney world , i be expect to be disappoint , as usual , as both park hotel be really not up to par

we be big fan of disney . it be not about mickey mouse or the other kid ' stuff , it be the disney 's idea of sell a storybook experience that we love so much

my husband 's parent celebrate their anniversary by bring the entire clan to hong kong disneyland . we stay at the magical hong kong disneyland hotel . the architecture , the furnishing , the design be all victorian inspired so it be quite breathtaking . but it 's the details that really make our jaw drop   glass slipper in the crystal chandelier , mickey mouse on the tile and everywhere else actually , donald and goofy on the rug , snow white and the seven dwarf carve on the bathroom mirror frame , alice in wonderland character on the cozy quilt ! amazing

we stay in the disneyland hotel at the beginning of november for four nights . we arrive after a twelve hour flight to be greet by the friendliest of staff who immediately upgrade our room to a suite ! ! we be very impress with both our accomodation and the hotel in general . the view from our room be beautiful   we be overlook the maze and have fishing boat pass outside our window ! we eat breakfast in the hotel every morning and be wait on hand and foot , although breakfast be a small but tasty buffet

i choose this hotel as i have previously stay at the disneyland hollywood hotel and not be very happy with my stay and decide that next time i would stay at this hotel instead and organise my stay through the hotel itself

if you have ever stay at another   disneyland hotel then this will pale in comparison   a   star at best when it come to the service and the     nickel and dime    treatment . there be some nice things like the disney princess show up in the hotel lobby and not have to wait in long line at the park , as well as the child 's size bathrobe and slipper in the rooms . the rooms be modest in size but at least the bed be comfortable some hotel in asia give you the equivalent of a box spring to sleep on   they 're so firm . here be some things we be a little     put off    by   there be no movie to watch in your room i .e . when you put your little one down to sleep and stay in the room , not even pay per view . the     many    disney channels they offer be actually a couple channels of repeat tv show offer in several language   the same thing on three channels but one in english , cantonese , and mandarin . another irritant be that guest who be already pay at least     usd per night , be ask to pay an additional fee to go into the locker room of the spa and use the whirlpool or sauna . basically , i could work out in the gym or pool but have to go get clean up in my room . what ? ! i understand have to pay for services like massage , but these be more expensive and fewer minutes than anywhere i have find in asia . concern price , be prepare to spend a ridiculous amount of money on average food . the enticement for their buffet be that the disney character come greet you at your table mickey , goofy , daisy , pluto    . it be admittedly fun for one meal , even worth the     usd per person for breakfast once , but the food be quite average . dinner price be     usd per person and also only average . this be more than double the money than at some of the very nice buffet at the grand californian at the la disneyland   where the food and service be much better . concern service , it be also passable but again not         and certainly not what westerner might be use to . there be definitely no     customer be always right    mentality or even close . i be give misinformation by hotel staff about the availability of suite , misinformation by my travel agent about the item include in our package which the hotel could have accommodate very easily , and several other things . when i bring some of these things to the attention of management grace and theresa i think , the answer i be give be ,     i understand , but we have only be here a short time    refer to the hotel only be in existence for a couple years . i be floor at the response and disappoint at the total disregard for my concern and no attempt to     improve our stay    as they claim they will do . the only final things worth mention be that the hotel and park be in the middle of nowhere , so if you want to eat somewhere else , stop by a convenience store , etc . you have to travel pretty far . we feel a bit like prisoner and like we have n't actually be to hong kong . the subway mrt be pretty convenient at least . last but not least , everyone know that this be the smallest of the disneyland parks . young child can enjoy the ride , but teens will likely find it difficult to stay entertain with the lack of adrenaline inducing ride

i know most people if not all that be stay in this hotel be do it because they be go to see disneyland . and i know you have to be disney hardcore fan in order to stay in this hotel , because you be planning to visit the theme park at least two days in a row

my husband , two young kid and i have a great time at hk disney and this be enhance by our stay at the hong kong disneyland hotel . if you have a young child with you i have my   year old , it 's really worth it to stay near the park especially come afternoon nap time . we stay on the kingdom club floor   floor and be treat to cheerful , personalize service by the staff . at the lounge , we enjoy a hassle free check in , all day complimentary snack and beverage include a delicious breakfast buffet , video rental and someone to assist us with everything we needed . the kid love see the character in the lobby , check out the activity in the kid ' play room , the garden maze and swim in the huge pool indoor and outdoor . even simple things like hide mickey and fairy tale character in the carpet , bed spread , mirror , etc . be greatly appreciate by my kids . the only negative for me be the lack of place to eat at for dinner    the food at the hotel restaurant be just average and quite pricey . despite this , we have a great time . we will definitely stay here again

what do my   year old daughter have to say about the hotel ? ‚ Ä ú i love this hotel . there be princess everywhere . can we come back again ? ‚ Ä

we stay at the hotel for one night on the   september . we travel to the hotel from the airport by public transport , which be a bit of a pain . a bus , mtr and another bus . we take a cab back and it be hk     and well worth the extra . check in be fine , swift and pleasant and we be able to buy our park ticket then . the room be comfortable and i love the tiny kid robe in the wardrobe . the bed be comfortable and the air con efficient . the room be heavily carpet and it be one of the quietest hotel i have stay in . we arrive quite late , but we have to eat almost immediately as the restaurant close at   and there be no   hour coffee shop

a little less enjoyable in our   visit here . we be give the seaview room   not sure why , but the air in the room we stay in , be very dry . we miss have the balcony even though it be garden view in our   time . still , it be an opportunity to check out the seaview this round , and the pool scene be not bad and it be not noisy . the kid ' pool be very nice and clean for kid   and they have a great indoor pool for adult

on our last trip to hong kong we visit hong kong disneyland

we stay fr the last two days of our holiday on the   kingdom floor to take advantage of the lounge , and breakfast food and drink throw in , as part of a   day stay in hong kong

spend two night in adjoin rooms with kids . do the character breakfast , hang out at the pool . they do a reasonable job , but to be honest , it do n't feel 'disney ' enough   they could do a little more

we stay here for three nights . the service be excellent . due to our flight be delay , we only arrive at the early hours of the morning . the staff be very helpfull ad welcome us on our names . the do everything possible to ensure checkin go fast as they want us to get to our room asap

we stay here on a recent trip to hong kong for   night in a     sea view with balcony    room . the hong kong disneyland hotel be one of two hotel in the resort and be a very close walk to the park . hong kong disneyland itself be very disappointing and much too small , but we do enjoy the hotel

the hotel be ok ~ clean with a professional front desk and front door chauffers     but overall a bit impersonal in my opinion . the restaurant be great ~ although a little expensive , all the dish taste great , even the room service food be good . the room be clean but no nitely turn down service which be kind of weird    the lobby be very noisy and crowd and so be the pool   

this be my second visit . have be there last dec , nice experience though tripadvisor seem not like the review , it be not upload inspite of repeat tries   

i get only   word to describe ' fabulous ! you would never regret stay here . awesome

i be a local hong kong people and book a spa + stay package for our anniversary . the spa be perfect in all aspects . the spa room , the therapist , the staff , the amenities and the atmosphere be all with top standard . the hotel room be also clean and spacious . completely sound proof . there should be kid run and play around but we be not disturb at all

be there   day and   night with wife ,   kid , maid and parent in law booked   adjoin kingdom club room but be upgrade to presidential suite . totally unreal , with live room kitchen guest room balcony that run the whole length . wow ! once in a llifetime experience

compare to the other disney hotel in the same area with hollywood theme , this one be significantly less crowded . the hotel be beautiful , the room be spacious and the service be excellent . i still remember one time we come back to our room when it be already dark outside to find the light in our room have be turn on and in the bathroom sit a cute little ghost make out of white towel , what a lovely surprise and to me little charming things like that leave such lovely memory of the place . after all , it 's disneyland

magical experience         

we go with our then   year old daughter and inlaws . we be upgrade to a fantasia room and love the jacuzzi tub . our daughter love her slipper and little robe . we go to a character dinner and it be great the only problem be that   of the   character make it to our table in the first hour but minnie take almost   hours to get to our section which be too long for our   year old to be patient

hi disneyland ,everything you could wish for and more . incredibly beautiful at night when lit up like a palace ,great service and luxury all around . i have stay at many hotel but would rate this as one of the best in the world the breakfast at enchant garden restaurant have about   choice and so be great value consider you be also entertain by the disney characters it be not necessarily quiet as the child be so delight to see mickey etc

we stay in a fantasia room at the hong kong disneyland for three nights . we would agree with all of the positive statement make by other reviewers . spacious , deluxe room with all of the     disney touches    sleepy     do not disturb    sign for door , snow white and   dwarf in bathroom mirror frame , etc . luxorious bathroom with great dual shower spiquets and jaccuzi tub . comfortable king sized bed . room immaculately clean . great view of harbor and garden maze . staff very courteous . common rooms and rest of building   super design and furnishings . great atmosphere for family and child , even though there be just the two of us , we enjoy these aspect too . besides disneyland itself , easy transfer by the special disnelyand line to the main train line and from there only one stop to the cable car to see the     big buddha    . spend another day in hong kong kowloon . only take about   minutes on the metro system to get to downtown hong kong and victoria peak station . go spend some time in the hong kong historical museum ! easy taxi drive to and from airport . can not say anything negative about our stay here   except that we would have love to have just stay a few more days just to enjoy the hotel itself

our main aim be to go to disneyland so it be either this hotel or the other pricier hotel . hollywood do not disappoint . check in be at   and my first impression be the friendly and courteous bellhops . the lobby be very posh and clean . the receptionist speak excellent english . the room be very clean and my kid be thrill by the mickey mouse logos around the room

we stay here after four days in kowloon and it be an oasis of peace and quiet . we have book the cheapest garden view but find we have be upgrade to a sea view which be a nice surprise . mind you february be very much off peak season and the hotel be very quiet . as you would expect from disney , the room be immaculate with lovely touch such as snow white toiletry , gown for the whole family , free slipper etc . we have a night flight the follow day and so pay extra for a late check out   so please we did . it mean we have another whole day in the park , could get shower up , eat and check out at   for the   minute taxi ride to the airport . for the techie out there , there be free broadband and a huge flat screen plasma tv

stay at disney for   days at the start of our far east holiday . lovely experience . we have book club rooms but be upgrade to a suite which have view of the firework each evening

stay at this hotel for three night . fantastic from one end to the other . would love to go back here some time . we travel with two child , one fiveyearold and one ten month old baby . our daughter have star in here eyes the whole weekend . the staff , the room , the food , the surroundings   everything be immaculate . the breakfast with the character be fun but a bit stressfull  we not eat much ! fun food for the kid and lot of choice in beverage , fruit , cake and hot food . the park and the maze outside the hotel be very nice . the hotel atmosphere be one of a kind . disneymusic in the background in the elevator , in the hall , the staff with names like     cupid    ,     angel    and     princess    and the decor of the hotel that make you feel like a princess   or prince . bus to the park from the front of the hotel . not far from the airport either . only twenty minutes

we love our stay here . we check in and cinderella and princess aurora be in the check in area let child meet them ‚ Ä ì my   year old daughter ‚ Ä ô s eyes nearly pop out of her head and she be grin like the cheshire cat . we stay for   nights . the room be a nice size , the indoor pool be lovely , the location and shuttle service to disneyland be excellent and the breakfast with mickey mouse , pluto , minnie mouse and goofy in the morning in the enchant garden restaurant be a fantastic experience . it be not just a stay in a hotel , it be a unique experience and one our family of   will do again and highly recommend . the look of excitement and enjoyment on my   young child ‚ Ä ô s face be a priceless experience

we stay in this hotel for just a night december   ,      on second think , i would have love to have stay longer

we stay at the hong kong disneyland hotel from   dec   and be very please with the overall experience . we book the fantasia room through the internet   month before

we book   rooms for   night before christmas , and   night after christmas . during both stay , we find that service at most division be still very good , but actually downgrade compare to last year

this be our first disneyland hotel stay and my   year old son enjoy it immensely . he be so excite when the taxi drive into the hotel 's driveway . he want to ask the bellhop if mickey stay there . the hotel have all the typical disney touch   bronze statue of mickey and minnie at the entrance of the main entrance . because it be christmas season , there be a huge christmas tree and other festive decoration

how amazing be this hotel i not want to leave we take our eight year old who could not believe his eyes a grand victorian hotel with everything , you feel like you be in another world the service , the attention you be so spoil we feel like king the rooms be huge the view be wonderfull we stroll along the walk way to disneyland it be not far a   at most walk but along the path be waterfall it be a tropical oasis with pipe music from all the disney movie paradise plus we always arrive the same time as the people who take the bus   the breakfast be so magical the charactures pay so much attention to your table you must do this i love this hotel   ps the picture be of hollywood for this hotel not the dineyland hotel

my friend and i   the   of us   have a crazy day in the park , could n't wait to settle down at the disneyland hotel . shuttle bus service be available right outside the park . i not believe anyone would like to walk from the park to the hotel    a bit far in my opinion . go for check in at like   in the evening so there be n't any line ups , quick and efficient . book a sea view with balcony room , but there be only one set of toilet amenity , one set of shower cap , comb    etc etc we be n't amuse as we be tired and stuff , but the housekeep staff be quick to get us loads . brilliant view we have got . we could see the ifc clearly from our balcony

our family two adult and child be age   and   have a lovely two night at this hotel . this be our experience

stay at this and the hollywodd hotel at the beginning and end of our holiday . the sevice be better in this than the hollywood , but unlike others i find this hotel more noisey and frantic . the foyer always seem pack and the pool area feel far more on show with lots of people wander by as we sit by the pool . we be upgrade to a corner room which be quite nice but do not seem to have as much space for   adult and   child as there be just a king size bed and a single sofa bed they do offer to put another camp bed in but this would have make it a squeeze

it be luxury ! i feel that i be in a pretty little town because it have such an attractive lobby ! checking in be fast . the room be so pretty , it be unbelievable ! especially the bathroom   you 'd want to sleep in there ! room service be extremely fast . hotel restaurant offer a wide array of food ! there 's just so much to do in the hotel ! it 's really a five star hotel

stay at disneyland hotel on the way back from sydney , and have a great time

initially book   rooms   hollywood hotel . do n't like the noisy     defening atmosphere there so transfer to disneyland hotel . have a look   kingdom club suite with a connect kingdom club room . that suit us as we have   children . stay   night there

this be the best hotel in which my husband and i have ever stayed . everything be beautiful , clean , and top quality . my husband , two child , age   and   , and i stay in an average room for three with a view of the water and the gardens . there be a lot of little details in the room that make a big difference . there be two adult robe and slipper as well as one child robe and slippers . there be a step stool in the bathroom , complimentary water and milk in the fridge , and a very nice amenity kit . the bed be very , very comfortable and the room darkening curtain be exactly that . they be perfect . no light come through at all   very nice if you have child who need to nap in the middle of the day

our family stay for   night at standard room inside kingsize bed,sofa bed,jacuzzy,flat tv,coffe tea maker   heavenly at   may till   june   want to celebrate our daughter   birthday so we arrage some birthday cake     goofy character assist us to blow up tha candles,singging the cast     goofy very lame and not enthusiastic   decepointed . the service be standard the hotel be value for money,even though expensive but many advantage such as room be cozy,buffet breakfast all high quality and tasty include the character,shuttle bus to the park,many info that we need weather forecast,the park agenda,and if we buy stuff at the park they will send them to the hotel   free of charge

an absolutely amazing hotel for all ages . everything about this hotel be five star with a little bit more on top . the presentation be immaculate inside and out . i feel that the otside presentation be better than the usa disneyland hotel . would highly recommend this venue to those wish to do the disneyland thing . if use this venue as a touch base for other place in hong kong , you might find it a bit out of the way

have just return home after spending two night at the disneyland hotel hong kong i just have to let you all know how fantastic it really was . we join the tung chung mtr line at hong kong central this also pick up in kowloon   minutes later and continue onto sunny bay station where we change train and join the disneyline . how fab be it when the disney train arrive every window on the train be the shape of mickey mouse head . even once on board the hand rails be mickey mouse shape too . from that moment we know we be in for a terrific time . within   min of leave hong kong island we have arrive at disney . jump on the free shuttle bus to the disneyland hotel . we stop enroute to drop off passenger at the hollywood hotel but when we arrive at our hotel we know we have make the right choice . my husband ,son age   and myself have book a kingdom club room which we have a full sea view on the   floor and access to the lounge which serve nibbles,breakfasts etc . the hotel rooms be truly wonderful worth every penny . on the first night we watch the firework from the balcony in the club lounge this be excellent powerful shower spotless everywhere flat screen tv even a small one in the bath room free mini bar . the first morning we have breakfast in the club lounge , but the second morning we have a character breakfast in the enchant restaurant this be well worth do and again worth every penny the choice of food be unreal . from english breakfast to chinese breakfast fresh fruit . good choice for children . i only have one little grumble and that be the room service choice of the childrens menu of which i do mention to the staff on check out . we stay at this hotel after easter which turn out to be agood choice as it be very quiet . the service of the staff be superb and nothing be to much trouble . it be very sad to leave this truly luxurious hotel . never mind we still have the memory . two days at disney theme park be plenty as this be the smallest park , and you can do and see everything within this time

we have a fantastic stay in april   breakfast with the character be special and be so close to the park mean we could go back to the room in the afternoon and return for the firework in the evening which should not be missed . a magical stay which would warrant a return if there be not so many place to visit in the world ! hotel quality overall be excellent , and the kid love the disney surprise in the room

kid will simply adore this place    very family orient too    each room come with   queen size beds   and there be cartoon channels in both cantonese and english language .

i stay   night in the hong kong disneyland hotel

