the hotel be locate in the chung king mansios,where ground floor full of people try to distract you and bring you to different places and some chinese claim they be manager but actually be a cheater for their commission first time visit,was scare by the ground floor and we go up to the hotel where locate inner chung king mansion,block c,floor   be few block abcde in chung king,and this one locate at the last tower when the lift open on floor   c the look be fresh and seem all brand new,clean then people say hi to us and go to check in,the place be quiet with many guest stay,the hotel i think they have around   rooms becasue we see the number until   really it 's a big difference to the ground floor internet be good connection and staff be honest and humble price be cheap,all the things i have never expect before but the room be small and bathroom too but there be not big problem for us we suggest people to have a look to this hotel first when you be to hk and try to prevent people from the ground floor bring you to somewhere else

you probably not get the room that you

the hotel location be great and just next to harbour and the staff be hard work to take care you all them time however,there room be small but clean,and the facility be brand new and have internet access to my lap top but hotel ground floor be many tout be not fine and disturb people or cheat people i know they work for some small illegal hotels but sometimes this will affect customer feeling this hotel should ask the buillding management to do something about the tout then this hotel will be perfect lift be work   and i have no problem with this no frills i will come back next time

the hotel be locate in the chung king mansion,where be full of tout and disturb you in the lobby of the building,just ignore them both chinese and indian ,becasue they always mislead or cheat people to different place the hotel be locate in the block c,floor   be clean and no need to queue too long to wait the life compare with block a the room be entire small but it be new and with free internet access try to send the e mail and listen their advice before you go,luckyhousejoe   yahoo com hk would recommend for budget traveller

i read the review on this site and internet comment about the notorious chung king mansions . this hostel be not as bad as chung king mansion be make out to be and actually very modern and recently renovate inside . the retail lobby level do live up to its reputation of be seedy but the location be fantastic on nathan road walk distance to kowloon harbour and the airport bus stop right outside . chung king mansion be a collection of hostel and guesthouse and the quality can vary quite drastically . this be family run and very clean . the room be nice with a flat screen tv although quite small . the bathroom be an oversize shower cubicle with a sink and toilet locate inside but thats hong kong for you ! i not know about the comment of the desk clerk i have read on here , it be some african guy but i have no problems . be careful to follow the advice the hostel send when you book of not to talk to anyone in the lobby when you arrive as they will try to take you to the wrong hostel . also do not touch any of the food that be be sell in the

i originally book a hostel call ‚ Ä ú england backbackers inn ‚ Ä ù and upon arrival i present my document relate to my book and be then aggressively tell that i would be stay in ‚ Ä ú hong kong lucky hostel ‚ Ä ù when i ask a member of staff why i be be move to a new hostel the employee just start shout in an aggressive manner tell me that i be go to a better hostel and i shouldn ‚ Ä ô t complain

the location and room rate be fair but my god ! ! the desk clerk who entertain us be sooooo arrogant ! he argue with us at the top of his voice . i want to cancel my   night reservation but be force to stay there for one night since the book be already charged . we transfer the following day . but i swear , i 'll never ever book there again , the experience with the desk clerk be a nightmare ! ! ! ! ! ! and his manager be not do anything about it

well its not a hotel its a hostel , he send an email after u book give different direction to a totally different floor to the reception to about   different hostel and if his hostel be overbooked he put u in another one something to do with not be allow to more than so much of the towerblock im tell not know if thats true or not i not know this and go to the   floor as direct by my book decline offer of substance along the way where i wait in the hall knock for about an hour till a guest come back and we let ourselves in then call them after another half hour when i finally get the reception phone to

