i have a friend book this hotel for me   from a chinese language web site . we be just there for the one night on a visa run for the child , as the chinese visa in hk be far easier , cheaper and more fun

describe the service you

i stay here for one night in september   the hotel be very modern and clean . the room be very nice and i have a great view of the harbour . the bathroom be huge

i stay at this hotel in july   and originally i only book it as my office be directly across the road . the staff be really helpful at check in and i be really surprise at my room   it be huge , with a massive and extremely clean bathroom . the best part be the windows that look out to the harbour and be lovely to look at the light at night . the staff be really helpful   for example   i discover the taxi driver do n't really speak english and so the concierge write everywhere i want to go in chinese for me . i travel to macoa for a few days at the end of my trip and they hold my extra bag for me until i return for my pick up to the airport   free of charge . overall , it be a great hotel to stay at   i couldnt complain about anything   and i would be happy to stay there for my next trip

we recently stay at the nikko for seven night , and we be very pleasantly surprised . on checkin , we ask for an upgrade , and be immediately give a room on the   floor at no additional charge . the room be n't overly large , but perfect for what we wanted . the bathroom be very big and contain a separate shower and bathtub , all in marble . the room remain cool even when we be go , so it be nice to return to after a hot day walk around the city . the hotel staff be extremely courteous , and we take advantage of the free shuttle service into tst , which be a nice perk . we also take the internet deal , which be     hk for the week . despite the previous review of this hotel , we be glad we stay there and would highly recommend it to friend , the price be so affordable , and well worth it . also , we recommend you try the sky bar on the   floor . the drink and food there be very good , and the view be perfect for see the light show . we think it much better than the felix bar at the penisula , which be highly overrated . so , our overall advice be , have no worry if you choose to stay at the nikko

just recently stay at the nikko hotel     overall i be nicely impress , my room be a harbour view room with a king size bed

i stay in the hotel in late may   base on the review make by previous guests . i be very please with my choice as the hotel be excellent . i manage to grab a promotion deal that mean if we stay two night there be another free so we get three night for the price of two . this be in the deluxe double harbour view room and this work out at about   pound a night . when we arrive they try to upgrade us to an executive room which offer a slightly bigger room with breakfast and free internet and use of their executive lounge amongst a few other things for   hkd per day but we decide not to and please we do not as the room we eventually get be great . very spacious with superb harbour view along with a large bathroom with seperate shower cubicle . although the room be a little date it be more than make up by its size and view . there be free fruit and water too which be always nice . it be very well situate with great links to shopping and ferry terminal which be useful if you need to get over the island which you will need to do if you want to go site see

find this hotel pretty much as describe by other guest   very clean , quiet , nice size rooms etc . a couple of other positive   hotel be right on the water so you can go for great walk   jog along the harbour . the hotel also have a terrific bar on the   floor   with fabulous view over the harbour   for   drink at happy hour . there be water and fresh fruit in the room everyday and i be give a coupon for     off at all restaurant when i do n't require clean sheet after the first night part of their green program . on the negative   the bed be very firm a little too firm for me , they charge for internet in rooms     for one week and for all telephone call

this hotel be awful . the bathroom be big but wasn ¬ ¥ t clean

spend   night   to   april for a trade show on the hong kong side . base on a special offer , i be able to stay on a nikko floor   floor . therefore , i can not compare it to the other rooms . some of the extra include   free wifi in my room and access to nikko lounge on the   floor , and free contiental breakfest

well treated . free courtesy bus to give you any connection required . we travel with a toddler and feel it be very much a   star hotel . not right in the centre but only   minute walk into it

huge , comfortable rooms , everything late   's style but very clean , bar on top with great view over the bay , staff could improve    overal

nikko hotel be in kowloon , near to the harbour . you need to walk a bit to get to the main shopping district of tsim sha tsui and you need to cross the harbour to get to hong kong island proper

i spend   night at nikko hotel this month   . i need to stop in hk on my way to vietnam fir a couple days . i usually try to stay in tst area

we stay in the nikko for one night after we finish a far east cruise . check in be quick and efficient . we be up graded to the executive floor but be tell we could n't use the facility , ie . , the free bar on the executive floor . the room be of a good size with a lovely bathroom with a great shower and lovely deep bath . also a flat screen tv . we do not have a great view but for one night this be n't a problem

good hotel in

the hotel be good , but the breackfast be make for asian people , the only thing that i coul eat be eggs , there wasn ¬ ¥ t cheese , and more occidental things , only red bean roll , congee ,

i stay at the nikko hotel for two night while on business . their function rooms be bad , overlook the habour and food serve be alright . we have lunch at their restaurant   buffet style   and the place as packed . food be good , but not spectacular . the rooms be average . in my opinion , quite spacious for hk standard   especially the bathroom . most hotel in hk would not carry both a bath and a shower , this one have both . however , their mirror be not well place the small mirror that turn out and not enough closet space . their tv be so small , i have to sit closer to the tv on the bed   could do with about     bigger   tv be n't in proportion to the rest of the furniture in the room . internet be not free . their rooms be overprice consider their location and decor which need an upgrade . i be disappoint to find that the busboy expect a tip . there be better hotel in the surround area   kowloon shangri la etc . hotel nikko be a rip off mainly cater to japanese tourist

an average hotel regard international standards . price too high . i find out that caucasian and japanese be pay a hefty upcharge ! i have check out immediately after one night and move to the royal pacific hotel . here i get value for my money

i arrive late at the nikko after a long overseas flight from the us   it be pretty easy to get to after arriving . i have a nikko level room which be quite nice . as this be a japanese owned hotel , i have forget how rock hard the bed can be in asia usually the us based or european hotel have softer bed . after the first night , i figure out how to use the pillow to make a softer experience . the nikko lounge upstairs be quite good , but the breakfast could be take in the restaurant as well same western stuff but the restaurant also have eggs . i use the workout room which be a little small , but as long as you get there early , it be fine . the hotel be reasonably convenient in terms of access to the rest of the island not too far from kcr mtr or the bus . i also make a call to a free phone number and that do n't get charge seem they fix that policy and access to the internet free throughout my stay   days be very convenient for early morning email to catch us colleague before they leave for the

the hotel be clean and service good . rooms be small , espcially by   star standards . stay on the nikko floor and be suppose to get free local call   dial   number and get charge     or about     per call . they tell me   numbers do n't count as local calls . also charge     or about     us for two glasses of wine for my wife at the lounge . she be in town on a different trip . exchange rate for money at desk be about     lower than what you 'll get on the street so go to nathan rd to exchange your money . broadband access at nikko lounge only mean the signal   they charge to use their computers . ok hotel , definitely not   star . stay next door at the intercontinental for a much nice experience and same great location

on two occasion i be ask if i be interested in a massage * while walk to my room after a night in town . this be unacceptable , and i do n't feel i be take seriously when mention this when checking out

my wife and i have stay at the nikko hotel during the chinese new year of   the hotel location be great , it be very close to the avenue of stars . we have an harbor view room which costs a bit more than a regular room , but the view at night be worth it , just be sure to ask for a room with a full view to the harbor , some rooms have partial view . the service be great , the only issue be that not all of the hotel staff masters english , but you always find a way to explain yourself eventually . the rooms in the hotel be clean , the bathroom be huge and have both a shower and a bathtub . the hotel be a bit pricy but it worth the price , i will visit again

my   year old daughter and i stay at the nikko hotel in hong kong for   nights . during that time , on   different occasions , she and or i be walk in on by housekeeping . first a     man in a suit    walk in on my daughter while she be alone in the room . next , a housekeeper walk in on both of us without wait even   second after knocking . third time be with me in the bathroom doorway just after a shower . a housekeeper walk in on me and obviously get a vision that will haunt her for the rest of her life ! i complain to the hotel manager s who say they would take care of it , but they obviously not

my wife and i stay   night at the nikko hotel in june   everything be great . the room be good size , clean , and the staff be very helpful and friendly . english be speak by everyone . get to and from the airport be a breeze with the airport express train and the free shuttle bus from the train station to the hotel . the only issue we encounter be due to some renovation be do on our floor at the time that we be there , the worker have use some sort of chemical during the day , so when we return that night , our room have a linger smell of something comparable to paint thinner . we contact the front desk and they give us a different room on a different floor with no hassle

stay at the nikko last week , follow a week at the conrad hk . book a harbor view nikko floor room for   adult and   child . room be confirm with rate and when we check in be force to sign document change the rate by an extra   hkd for our daughter . they claim that they give us a larger room not true to accommodate cot . we show them our confirmation from them and they would not budge . we sign as the dragon boat race be that weekend and we could not find another hotel to stay at as they be all sell out for the weekend . during our stay we find the bed to be terribly hard , the rooms date and the breakfast mediocre at best . the rooftop pool be close several times due to threat of thunderstorm , even though the sky be blue and sun be shining . we often wonder , with other guest , which weather channel they be watching . when pool open , there be no shade and only   umbrella ,   which the   lifeguard sit under . the staff at the nikko be quite inflexible indifferent and should truly remember who exactly be pay the bill . we will go back to the conrad next time

this hotel be ask for   star price and should only be rate   stars . overall , the hotel need renovations . the rooms be quite date and the carpet definitely need to be changed . we stay on the   floor face the street , so it get a little noisy from time to time . by hk standard , this place be just ok . do n't bother get the breakfast buffet rate unless you want to eat the same thing every day . you 're in hk , which mean there 's so much to eat here ! by the   day , we be tired of the same selection , but still feel obligate to eat there because we have pay extra for it i believe it be     hkd per person . quite a walk distance to mtr , but close to the train that take you to shenzhen which be a must for shopaholic ! when you be there , make sure you try dim sum at the     laurel    restaurant upstairs at the mall and get a massage at one of the many luxury spa you can go to the bottom floor of the mall and catch a shuttle , but make sure you have a mandarin speak person with you

the service be exemplary . the staff be polite and very helpful . the rooms be spacious and very clean . the restaurant be excellent , particularly le celebrites although one have to eat a little earlier than we preferred , since it close at       and toh lee . the location be ideal for access to nathan road and the star ferry about   minutes walk and there be many good shop and restaurant in the immediate vicinity . we preferred this location to the marc polo hong kong , where we have stay in earlier , as it be a much more pleasant area for walk around and be a little less frantic than harbour city . we would have no hesitation in return to this hotel

i stay at the hotel nikko a total of   night in feb   i book the hotel use expedia the reservation confirm by expedia but the payment be make at the hotel

we be a family of   american and book   rooms for   night at the hotel nikko hong kong in feb .   overall the stay be ok . the location be in kowloon , where a lot of the action be and have rooms face the harbor . service be very good and accommodate give us an extra cot at no charge for one room

just like hong kong itself , this hotel be a bit of     the modern    mix in with some frustrate details . basically , it be a business and group tour hotel which manage successfully to retain a sort of personalize touch . we stay there twice in december    and in january    for a total of five nights . the personal touch be exemplify by the dine room on christmas day   when we express some doubt about eat lobster , crab , and so on   they rush around and get us turkey , cranberry , dress , etc . this be while the dine room be overwhelm with customer ! unbelievable service ! what more could one ask ? on the other hand , the hotel seem to want to offer individual guest all kind of deal    and one be escort to the fourteenth floor to hear about     special offers    when all one want be to go to one 's room . the room seem to be overwhelm with technology    require virtually an engineering degree to figure out things like light switch , drapery , and so on . the harbour view be of container dock to a great extent , but at night the distant skyline be certainly worth the price

rather than stay on hong kong island as i normally would book into for this trip in nov   as i be attend a conference in the hotel , and then extend over the weekend

i have stay at the nikko many times over the years , but lately be tempt away by other hotel such as the shangri la . i have occasion to visit hong kong during a trade fair which mean my   choice hotel be all full . i go back to the nikko and be pleasantly surprised . i stay in a nikko floor room with harbour view . the room be newly refurished and be very comfortable . the bathroom too have be overhauled . the nikko floor lounge provide excellent service and amenities . the breakfast selection be good as be the selection at cocktail hour . the food in the restaurant be great . i would recommend this hotel as a cheaper alternative to the well know   star hotel on kowloon and as a much better alternative to the tourist hotel on offer . the location in mody road mean you be not far from the buzz of kowloon and very near the best walk along the habour front overlook the light of hong kong island

we stay at the nikko for   night , rm   upgrade on arrival to the nikko floor . we buy the extra upgrade that allow us to use the nikko lounge which have spectacular view of the harbour and hong kong island . free champagne , sushi , dim sum etc from   onwards and free snack all day . the bedroom be very spacious , ample space , and extremely large bathroom . the bed be very comfortable , absolutely no complaints . location be great for all attraction with only a short ride on the underground and the area be great for walk , provide its not to humid . the breakfast be amazing , with a vary menu to include western , japanese and chinese items . we do spend at least an hour over breakfast every morning , definitely a good start to the day . there be ample choice of restaurant and bars in the area . definitely will stay here again , if i can afford it

be at nikko   days from dec ,     and my stay here be fantastic

we stay at the nikko in october   on the first stage of a seven week round the world trip . at check in we buy an upgrade to the nikko club , include full breakfast and use of the nikko lounge . this be locate on the   floor with great harbour view , and outstandingly helpful staf who make all our restaurant reservation , reconfirm our flight etc   complementary snack , ice cream , pot of tea and coffee be inclued at all times   and premium drink , include champagne , from   to  

stay a the nikko hotel for   night again after   years . hotel be still okay but in my opinion , too tailor for the japanese tourists . i think it need a little bit of update . one thing i dislike be that the rooms have no possibility to open windows to air the room , something i ca n't understand . rooms a lttle smallish but typical of hg where square meter be not cheap . the nikko executive plant at the top have excellent view of the hk harbour . service of the employee be all right but could be better for a   star hotel

on arrival , staff do ask us if we want to upgrade at extra cost . this would have include an upgrade room , buffet breakfast and use of special lounge . we decline and be not in the slightest bit disappoint with our standard room , it be very clean and comfortable

i stay for   night this november . i have a room on the   floor with a partial view of the harbour and my rate be a ‚ Ä ú business package ‚ Ä ù that include the business lounge where you be serve free soft drink and cocktail and hors would ‚ Ä ô oeuvre at various times of the day . also include be buffet breakfast in the   floor dine room or a much lighter continental breakfast in the afore mention lounge , free wireless internet access in both the room and lounge , free access to the health club and to the pool on the roof which be spectacular and discount on laundry , room service and purchase within the hotel . at     a night , this package be a great deal and worth every penny . the service be without fault very efficient and instant and the quality of the food at breakfast superior and quite varied . i in fact try several of the other restaurant within the hotel and all be outstanding especially toh lee for cantonese cuisine . the room and bathroom amenities be excellent with bathrobes and slipper , a plasma tv screen , cable tv with many channels , a mini bar fridge that could accommodate extra stuff if you want , complimentary water , tea and coffee ingredient , an electric kettle , a safe , electronic window drape , a large bathroom with separate shower stall and bathtub . there wasn ‚ Ä ô t anything that i could think of that i missed . room service be excellent and very quick

have stay at this hotel before and as previously ,it do n't disappoint , rooms be clean , bathroom good and contrary to a previous review it be in a good location , be just a few minutes walk to the star ferry and mtr . fitness facility be fine and i have always find the staff here to be particularly helpful

it just occur to me that i should share my experience with fellow online hotel shopper even though my experience with this hotel be almost a year ago

for the price of this hotel and the prime location , it be incredibly good value . my fiance and i get the harbour view room and it be incredible . it have all the mod con in it   electric curtain rail ! ! ! decorate in a beautiful modern oriental style and incredibly spacious unlike a lot of hotel in hong kong

unlike intercontinental hong kong or four season hotel hong kong , this be not a five star hotel . however , we love this hotel because of its reasonable room rate . you can find   roughly   standard room throughout the year

this be an overnight stop on the way from london to brisbane . on previous trip we have stay in the new world renaissance and the langham place   the nikko seem newer , the room more spacious and the price lower . the nikko be in tsim sha tsui east , only slightly further from the star ferry than the new world renaissance , a   minute walk to the avenue of star , and near mtr and ktr stations . there be a bridge across the busy road to get to the harbour promenade . there be a few shop and mall close by actually there be few place in hk that don ‚ Ä ô t have a mall close by !

hotel be ok , a bit far from the main attractions . check in be not good , they keep me for   try to sell me a room upgrade and then have to change room   times until they give me the room i have book they try to put me into worse ones    . probably to expensive for the area , if you stay in kowloon and do n't want to pay for be close to the star ferry terminal you might aswell go to the harbour plaza hotel ,   minutes from the nikko , better standard and be about   cheaper

hotel be fine , nothing special , staff be friendly enough though not very flexible . food be     ok    but not to a very high standard . have stay there a couple of times but will look for an alternative next time i visit hong kong

i have be to hong kong at the end of july stay at nikko hotel hong kong with my family . it be an excellent experience with a large family of   to stay in together , the staff be cool and extremely helpful     they be much care of my small kid as there nuns . the rooms be large enough to fit myself with my   small kids . the good thing be that , that all underground train stations be very nearby . all in all i hereby suggest for family to really check this hotel before check in another

