i have to agree with many comment mention below that rooms be small . but for once the service render in this hotel by its staff be absolutely faboulus . all staff from reception to maid on the floor be very polite and very accomodationg . nothing seem out of ordinary for them . all my request be full fill in time

get to say that the location be very good . close to times square , the tram and the nice little wonton noodle shop that be open   room be very small . i reserve the business class room only to find out later that they give me the studio and charge me for business class . my neighbor smoke all   night i be there and i politely ask the manager all three night to ask him to stop , but it never happened . the guy next to me continue to smoke

we try this hotel for this trip because it be open in     pretty new  we thought . we pre booked it for the first two and last two days of our trip with wotif com

  times a year i visit hong kong and this time i be book at hotel bonaparte by rhombus by my client as their office be very near to the hotel . causeway bay

i stay in this hotel for   days and   nights . the room be small . all the rooms have   bed in it . good if you be travel with a companion . but if you be alone , the extra bed occupies lots of space , consider the room be already so small . the toilet and the bath area be separate and both be small too . no telephone provide in the room , they can provide you with a cordless telephone for local call but with a fee . so without the phone , there be no way of contact the front desk . no choice but to go down . no internet access , but they can provide a prepaid internet kit for a fee also telephone and internet fee be charge every   . they do n't have shuttle service . if you need to go to the airport though , the front desk can arrange an airport shuttle for you but the shuttle will not pick you up from hotel bonaparte ! you have to walk approximately   meter to the next hotel and there you have to wait for your shuttle . the staff at the front desk be not so accomodating . the buffet breakfast that come with the day 's package consist of muffin , fruit and cereal , nothing more . if you be stay there for business at the hk convention center , it be quite far . you can get to the convention center via taxi and it would cost  

i stay for two days at this hotel

i stay for a week and find the place to be a comfortable , safe place . the newly refurbish rooms have very clean bath and toilet facility , and the new down light be very nice   the decor , overall , be fantastic . there be an lcd tv with english and cantonese channels , you can watch bbc news as well as two english movie channels if you ca n't understand cantonese , and there be other english channels i ca n't recall . i would not say the room be small to the point of be cramp , i have space to lie out and open and close my luggage , but it certainly be on the small side . housekeep be excellent , noise be not a problem , check in and check out be smooth   however i be n't advise that a hk     deposit be require upon check in return at check out . they also provide you with a cell phone for free during your stay , i never use it so i am not sure about actual call costs . you can ask reception for an adaptor for electrical plug , i am not sure if its a free service because its itemize on a price list in my room , but i be never charge for it   they even have housekeep come up and deliver it to my room ! there be a complimentary newspaper deliver to your door every morning , i almost slip on it come out my room the first morning , and there be a cafe on the ground floor but i suspect price be a little high compare to eat place outside the hotel . however the cafe do have the only onsite internet , and you need to make some sort of purchase to be able to use it   and i find the keyboard on the right most pc to be a little problematic . however the service in the hotel cafe be friendly and reliable   i once go back upstairs without pay my bill , have forget to do so , and when i return a minute or two later the waitress do not throw a hissy fit , which be what i suspect a fair few hong kong staff would do in many other places . with regard to the location , it be locate on busy hong kong island , in wan chai , not too easy to get to if you 're arrive by airport express at hong kong station in central . do n't think about walk from central to wan chai ! also there be a nearby mtr entrance at times square , and you can take a shortcut through some really * authentic * hong kong fresh produce and fish market , but the entrance itself be actually more like half a kilometre from the actual subway station , which be the impression you will get after walk through endless underground tunnels . the wan chai star ferry pier be also about a   walk , i use it several times , its safe and actually pretty busy compare to the main one at central . also , this be hong kong , there be relatively few place to escape the chaos and the clutter and the crowd , so be aware of that if choose a hotel like this . i find the chaos nauseate at times , but fortunately , my hotel room be very comfortable and relax

* customer service be not acceptable at all

my friend and i stay at this hotel for   nights . we book   rooms .   rooms be the same size describe below .   room be relatively bigger than the other   this be due to the fact that that   room be a corner room . you might want to request for this one if you book this hotel . you 'll have at least some space for luggage in this corner room . in the other rooms , there 's not much space to open a big luggage

i try out the new hotel by rhombus give the pleasant surprise stay in the lkf previously . while i recognise the hotel bonaparte 's rating be lower , there be no comparison , facility here be brand new but everything be so small   'cosy ' be not a good description . there be nowhere to store luggage , you have to either be tiny or a contortionist to use the shower and there be very little space to use the writing desk . in addition there be few choice of tv channel and no phone in room , likely because there be no room for it

