we stay here on dec   for our anniversary on the way back from manila enroute to go home in the states . we get there after   we take a taxi from central station . costs     because we have   piece of luggage . otherwise it would have cost     a good   minute ride . the hotel be in the western district and away from tourist spots which can be a plus if you want to experience the real hong kong

i find the service at hotel jen faultless from check in to check out

we stay at hotel jen in oct this yr for   nights . we have a jen harbor view room , the view be excellent . the rooms be okay , but consider this be hk we do n't have much to complain about consider the price . there be separate shower and toilet cubicle which be great . the room be well furnished,i would say max utility of the space , the closet be quite big

my first time stay at this hotel . i personally like hotel generally , the rooms be spacious for hk standard i be upgrade to a jen room , modern in feel and appearance , plasma tv but limited tv channels cable . what i find unusual be the bathroom appear to be locate directly as soon as you walk into the room , there be a bathroom sink locate in the hallway although the seperate stand up shower and cubicle for the toilet next to it be very nice . the problem to me be that the bathroom sink keep clog up and water could not flow through cause overflow whenever i am wash up at the sink . this happen a few times and i have to call for hotel help to attend to it . hotel services otherwise be generally average , i find the front office staff a little bit on the cold and unwelcoming unfriendly side , not much smile there . the restaurant where i have breakfast daily be pleasant , although service again be not too great , the staff appear to be disengage and unwelcoming and lack warmth and interaction with the guests . i do not like the fact that they seem to be in a hurry to turn over the restaurant for lunch although it be still within the breakfast hours , item from the buffet be not replenish , the self service coffee machine be remove more than half hour before breakfast end and i have to ask the staff for it , generally they be focus on clear out the breakfast as early as they can be my impression . location of the hotel be another downside , there be nothing much to see and do in this be , not walk distance to any mtr   you would do best to get on the shuttle that leave about hourly very punctual departure on the dot to get to admiralty or hk station ifc mall if you be go to macau , the hotel be very close to the ferry terminal and the shuttle take you there . generally it be a good stay despite some of the setback and service level and i would certainly consider stay here again if i can get a very good rate

this be my first trip to hk with family . get to know this hotel via asiatravel com within my budget and read some review in tripadvisor . then book a std room for   night via hotel website hkd   + + . after stay , glad that i make the right choice . the room be clean , comfortable and modern looking . not very spacious but good enough for us . for the price that we pay , it be definitely worth it in hk . unlike other   hotel , this one do n't have grand lobby reception . i guess we do n't need one anyway

we have pre book tours and when we arrive at the hotel . our tour guide have call and ask for us to call them when we arrive to the hotel . the desk give us the numbers and say to call from our rooms . they do not tell us that local call be not free and every charge you make they charge you

a great hotel , in a fascinating part of hk . i stay in a     jen room    which have a view of the harbor and also give me access to the sky lounge , where we could have complimentary drink between   and   each night , which be a great way to start your evening

great value for the money   although the rooms be small , they be spotless   at pool be impecably clean   great breakfast and     happy hour    drink and sushi  include in the already low price ! great place to stay , although not as convenient to the train , but a great place to explore the     chinese    hong kong   we walk and walk from the hotel to the city center several times , it take about   min to reach temple hollywood road mid level escalator   overall , we love the hotel , but i would not recommend if you want to see hong kong during a short stay   you might be better off in central tim sha tsui

its away from the hustle and bustle of kowloon and thats its usp rather than its drag . the location be awesome , specially if you be lucky like me to be on the   floor with a harbour view room . the rooms and the hotel overall be make afresh and hence be modern in its outlook . the rooms be small as be expect in hong kong , but things be well organised . the one thing that could be add be latch to the bathroom

hotel jen be locate just a few km from central . i be cautious of book this hotel because some review describe it as out of the way . but we find there be tram and bus arrive every few minutes within a block of the hotel . i love the tram because you can watch hong kong cruise by from up top while you rattle slowly along

lovely modern hotel , a little way out on hk island but only a   min walk to the nearest tram which will wizz you straight into the centre for a matter of a few penny and of course there be the free courtesy bus

this hotel be faultless . great service in a great location . within walk distance of the tram but less convenient to the metro it be in an engross part of town easily accessible to the rest of the island . as for the service , we be check into our rooms immediately even though we arrive early . the rooms be clean and make efficient use of space . i will definitely be stay here again and would strongly recommend it to anyone visit hong kong

this be our second visit to the hotel jen and we be go back for a third . yes it be a bit out of the way but stay here and you get an authentic hong kong experience not just the touristy stuff , the tram be   walk away and be a bargain

while the room be clean , the bathroom be old and the water pressure be extremely poor . the wall be thin , and i could hear the elevator every morning even though my room be the furthest from the elevators . there be large group of tour that stay in the hotel , which mean i get wake up very early in the morning when people leave for their tours early in the morning . i would not recommend stay at this hotel despite the cheap deal

fantastic hotel . cheap , clean , great service ! in the western district of hong kong . soem rooms with impressive seaview and cityview

the hotel interior be crisp , trendy and modern . this be an advantage especially if you book the lower floor view other high rise , hk be a modern concrete jungle keep its old world charms the rooms be small similar to hk standard hotel but the rooms be intelligently and compactly designed . flat screen tv , dvd player , modern bath and toilet . great bed , comfy sheets . wifi be free depend on the hotel package . small rooftop pool , gym be merely for compliance . there 's a free internet at the   floor lobby . breakfast be not bad but nothing special . food be fresh and present well

i have a   hour layover in hong kong on my way to and from cambodia . i spend one night each way in hotel jen . hotel jen have a classy , chic , decor and an impressive breakfast buffet . the rooms be sufficient and clean . the bed be very comfortable . the weather be cloudy but warm so i spend some quality time in the pool on the rooftop

i have book hotel jen via an internet book company for our recent stay in hong kong . the price be good and the hotel review look positive so we be look forward to our stay . however , when we arrive at the hotel tired after travel all night we be inform by the front desk receptionist that they have not receive payment for our book from the internet company and try to make us sign an agreement so that they could charge our credit card their walk in rate if the problem with the internet company could not be clear up . needle to say , we be less than happy about this and do not want to pay the ridiculous walk in rates after get a good deal in the internet . the two lady at the front desk suggest we try to contact the internet company to try to solve the issue with them but when we ask to use the computer at the lobby they say     those be for hotel guest only    ! so we be leave with the option of leave our luggage there and try to find an internet cafe nearby in an area we have never be to tired and in desperate need of a shower i should add . we just smile and politely decline as we have already decide we would not stay somewhere with such poor service and instead take the tram to central , find an internet cafe and make reservation elsewhere

i just stay there a few night ago . the actual hotel be small but very nicely decorate

this be an unexpected find . cheap by uk standard , but absolutely first class , with excellent service , food etc . pay extra for a harbour view   it 's worth it ! and upgrade to a jen room and get free drink at happy hour , private jen guest lounge on   floor , later breakfast , mini bar allowance etc etc . it 's a bit further out than most hotel but there 's a free shuttle bus and the tram be a very short walk away

location

i will only echo the excellent review already post for this hotel . highly recommended    no mtr stop yet although two be under construction within a minute of the hotel but the tram hk     flat fare which be far more interesting stop nearby and will have you in central in   minutes or so

i book our ten day stay in hk much earlier in the year and work my way through a lot of hotel recommend by ta before settle on the jen pronounce yen hotel in western district . it be an excellent decision and the hotel prove to be one of the most welcome and comfortable we have ever stay in

after reading some good review about this property i think i be expect a little too much let me start with the room which have a different lie out because the wash basin be in the room and on your right when you enter have never see anything like that not that it be a problem just different , the room jen room itself be big enough,the tv be a good size and the view of the harbour be uninterupted and look very nice specially during the night it be a little far away from the mtr you can take the tram to get to where you want but that again take longer to get to any place if you return late at night then the only option be a taxi from the closest mtr station which will set you back about   hkd trip the most disappointing bit be the breakfast at the sky lounge it would frequently run out and you have to wait for some time for staff to replenish the food there be only one attendant ofcourse the single reception staff they have two receptions one on the first floor and one on the   floor would help when more people be eating the scramble eggs be 'runny ' and have no flavour plus choice of fruit be limited to three and again would finish quickly the staff attitude be inconsistent some of them be always happy to help but some did'nt seem to happy if i ask many question again maybe i be wrong but it just feel that way  having a   and a mcdonalds next door do help but the hotel be a little away from most touristy place but if you be look at a quieter place to stay then this be good the shuttle service be good and always on time,it take you to the most important stop and you can start your tours from there . the   bus service from the airport take you literally right till the hotel 's doorstep so another plus there overall an average hotel and i would probably use them again if the proce be as good

my husband and i stay at hotel jen twice during our visit to hong kong . we think the room we have be pretty nice , especially consider how expensive rooms in hk be and that we get this for a pretty good rate     hkd nt . rooms be really tiny , but they all be in hk . everything else be nice , very clean and comfortable . we be not big swimmer , but spend some time at the rooftop pool for the view and just because it be a really neat idea

book through the agoda website for     us a night . great view of the harbor , i be on the   floor . as many have say in previous review this property be a little far from the mtr , however the tram take you to the mtr for   and it be a fun ride , kind of old school . the room be nice , not large but not as small as some have said . the free breakfast be nice and the mini bar credit be a cool idea . not sure about the internet , i just use my ipod from some of the local bars

we stay here as a treat at the end of our backpack china trip . we be not disappointed . the rooms be modern and comfortable , the staff be really friendly and the extra touch really set this place apart

if you 're look for a hotel on the island , this be the one ! although not in the city the hotel be locate in the western district which be mainly residential the hotel offer all the amenities of a five star city hotel . only one block from the island tram line , park 'n shop , mcdonalds and watson all across the street , and the price , unbeatable

our tour group of   stay at the hotel jen in september , this hotel be on the hk island side of the city . we be lucky and have a jen room with a view of the bay and a little larger room than our other friend , the rooms be fine , clean and modern furniture , restaurant be great for breakfast . they have a free shuttle several times a day to the train terminal , start ferry , stanley market . great value

i stay in the hotel for   night in september and it 's my first time travel alone . the hotel be really nice and cozy    clean and modern deco . it 's a real bargain i pay   per nite for the room with habour view     breakfast   the room be well maintained with good amenities not the usual tiny hk hotel     totally enjoy the stay  

this be a few you can find in hong kong    low budget with quality ~ i stay in the standard room    althought the room be a little bit small but the layout and style be great ~ with this price i can not believe i can have the startard like this    specially the ice making machine locate at every   floors  

very nice hotel but the nearest subway station be   minutes far away worlking . there 's a shuttle bus very useful and efficient but you 'll understand how to take it once you 're already in the hotel

have a short trip to hongkong

this be such a nice hotel to stay at . with a mcdonalds across the street ,   only steps away and a wellcome and watson down the street food and necessity be so easy to get at

what a hotel experience . first of all , i don â € ™ t usually give   star to a hotel that doesn â € ™ t have a wide selection of services available restaurant , bars , big and beautiful pool area , but i have to make an exception with hotel jen . everything go perfectly from check in to check out which both be handle in a few minutes

hotel jen be a very nice hotel in a fantastic area . i be attend a conference at the university of hong kong . this hotel be probably one of the closest hotel to hku but be still a bit of a walk up a steep hill , however there be an escalator which remove all of the climb ! !   out of the entrance turn leave and at the first side street turn leave again . at the end of this street you will see the escalator ahead of you , just follow the escalator up to the top , the university be just over the main road

i stay here for a short break with the family in may   the hotel be a little further out than most hotel in thhis area but be within   min walk of the tram which be incredibly cheap and easy to use just pay your   when you get off . there be a rooftop swim pool here with some nice view of the harbour . we have a harbour view room which be small but modern design and clean with interconnect door which be handy for a family

hotel jen run a shuttle bust to hong kong central , the ferry , etc on an hourly basis . it be just   a minute shuttle ride from the main ferry building . beatiful decor , comfortable bed and pillow the best ! , and lovely roof top pool . the restaurant be expensive , but just a few minutes along the road be a wonderful japanese restaurant , as well as a small superrete where you can buy your own fruit breakfast for the next day . cheap wine     or so also available at this supermarket . we could not recommend this hotel more highly on a value for money basis

recently refurbish , previously a novotel . very nice if slightly compact room . pay a small supplement for a     jen room    on upper floor with harbour view   well worth it . good service  breakfast etc especially from skylounge at top which you get if in a jen room . location be in western district , near     cat street    . very authentic chinese area . only downside be a   minute walk to nearest mtr station . hotel do run hourly shuttle bus but stop at   however cab be cheap   a   ride to star ferry pier

hotel jen itself be a nice and modern building locate in the western district and i feel that the hotel 's location be its biggest     negative    point . i would like to point out that we do not find it a big problem , however , it will take you a while to familiarise yourself with the area and how to get the most out of it . first of all , the hotel provide you with a free shuttle and they will even fax e mail the pick up schedule to you , however , beware that this will be of very little use to you unless you manage to stand at the exact intend pick up point at the time of collection ! for the first few night of our stay we choose lanatu island and then move into honk kong and hotel jen . we decide to take a free shuttle from outside the central ferry terminal , the pick up schedule that be conveniently fax to us the day before advise to wait outside terminal   so we arrive and wait by a bus stop what seem to be directly outside the terminal   only to see the hotel 's bus to cruise past us ! so i have to phone the hotel directly to make sure that the next time the bus actually stops . consequently ,   min later the bus re appeared again and stop on the corner of a bus stop locate between terminal   and   the extremely unwelcoming bus driver proclaim that be the designate pick up spot no idea how we be suppose to know this and what i actually realise be that if the bus driver do not see anyone stand on the precise pick up spot of each location he do not even stop to see if any potential client would emerge from somewhere   completely bizzare ! needle to say , we do not bother with the shuttle bus anymore and instead explore the public transport options . we find the tram to be the most convenient form of transportation from the hotel , the tram stop be locate just around the corner on des veux road and all tram take you to the central and back , the ride only cost     ! the hotel itself be very clean , modern and convenient with very efficient room service so i can not really fault them on anything . again , interestingly , upon our arrival we be tell by the reeptionist that they 'd run out of double rooms that we 'd book two month prior and , therefore , she offer a twin room instead . however , when when my partner and i say that this be unacceptable to us and , especially , after i 'd suggest that in my opinion the only option be for the hotel to upgrade us to a jen level for example we have an ordinary room a double room have , as if by magic , be find ! another thing that i find quite strange be the unavailability of the internet   unless you be stay on jen level there be n't even one public computer that you can use , so unles you be willing to pay     an hour for the internet you 're not go to get any ! so these be just little obsrvations that i have make , apart from that we enjoy our stay at the hotel jen

the room be good sized with a window seat to look out to the harbor and watch the boat go by . have all the need hotel amenities with a nice large flat screen tv . comfortable bed and good climate control . the vanity and shower area be weird as this be where you enter the room . there be no privacy when get out of the shower , which be ok if you be a couple or solo , but not so comfortable if you be travel with a friend

i be afraid to stay there when the travel agency tell me it 's quite far from the central but this hotel look great so my friend and i decide to stay here

although the hotel be locate quite far from the nearest mtr station of sheung wan on hong kong island , it be just a few minutes walk to the tramline that can take you to the mtr station , or to the main parts of the island . the best part about the tram ride be the affordability at a flat fee of   per person , and it offer a splendid way to view the city , from the very localise western district where the hotel be locate , morph into a more modern commercialise area in central to the bustle shopping district of causeway bay

book thru trailfinders for a   night stopover en route to new zealand from uk . book double standard room at Â £   for the two nights . on arrival we be upgrade   not sure why but they be very busy in the hotel lobby .   floor room be excellent . clean , bed be very comfortable and the bathroom be well equipped . good flat screen samsung tv but not set up properly   picture be dubious   but that do n't matter too much for us

we agree with the positive review for hotel jen . hotel jen be an interesting mix   the hotel itself be clean , modern and have all that we need for a short holiday stay . its location be in the western district which be more a local area and so a little distance away from the mtr stations

we be a firm of architect and be on a study tour of hong kong buildings . our team consist of   people and we stay at hotel jen . our experience at hotel jen be a pleasant one from begin to end . ivan and joyce of management and their staff do all that they could do to ensure that we have an enjoyable stay .   of our rooms be upgrade from the mountain view to the harbour view which be amazing . the hotel be modern and comfortable . we like the sky lounge on the   floor with its spectalular view where we have our breakfast in the morning and cocktail drink in the evening . on the last day of our stay we book out at   but be only due to be collect by bus for transfer to the airport at   hotel jen management be very accommodate to us in that they allow us the use of a room to shower and freshen up before leave on the bus for the airport . thanks to all at hotel jen for the wonderful stay   we hope to return and visit you again . mare malan , south

this be actually my third stay within a period of three months . i must say that they have consistently keep up to the high standard since my first stay in january . each and every staff member be helpful and polite . the front desk staff and conceirge be always ready to provide assistance

my husband and i stay at the jen for one night , i want to stay at the wesley hotel in admiralty but he be keen to stay at jen after read the review on tripadviser , we book at a standard room with double bed through a local travel agent when we check in all the queen size bed rooms be go so they give us two option   have a twin bed room or pay extra and upgrade to mountain view or harbour view room with sky lounge facility , so we book a mountain view room the room be small but its hk , breakfast be not bad , in terms of location its a little out of the way but you can make use of the hotel shuttle or take tram or taxi to get around . make sure you have the chinese address of the hotel as not all taxi driver know this hotel

i have use trip advisor many times in the past for planning trip throughout europe , north america and asia , but have not join or offer my own comment until now . however i be so impress by my recent stay at the hotel jen hong kong with my partner that i be move to join and write this review

we really have mix feelings about this hotel . it be clean and the rooms be pleasant enough but there be a few area that we be not so happy with

my girlfriend and i stay at jen hotel for valentine and we be very happy with our stay . i be concern that the hotel be not close to the mtr , however the tram link be quite close . the hotel also have its own bus that can drop you off at key point in the city . the room we stay in be not huge , but it be very clean and have a great view over the harbour . the staff be always polite and helpful . i would not hesitate to stay here again

we stay at the hotel jen for the christmas week  we get a great price as part of a package with the flight at lastminute .com . transport wise  there be free hotel bus into town which be very useful  you can get to the metro that way , and then to the airport on the metro , or vice versa . the tramline run very very close to the hotel , so that be handy . it 's not near a metro station itself , though

the hotel jen be at the western end of hong kong island but with a   hk     tram service in the next road and cheap taxis always at the ready , the fact you be not in the centre of everything be no real problem . we book a jen room which mean you get something a little larger than the typical minimalist hk hotel size and a little extra for a bay view be well worth it . breakfast be include and we also have use of the top   floor sky lounge which have fantastic view and where we could have breakfast if we wanted . our package include some free add ons cocktail in the evening and a mini bar plus laundry allowance which make the extra we pay excellent value for money . and , there be no charge for use their internet connection with their pcs . what a delight

such a good surprise in the hk hotel scene , where a good bedroom can costs easily more than   euros    at hotel jen , i have have a good deal for   hkd per night which be around   euro and i have be very satisfy

different people value different aspect of a hotel when they travel , so i â € ™ ll just list what i like and what i didn â € ™ t . then you can see whether there â € ™ s stuff that will bug you out , or stuff that you just simply don â € ™ t care about so this will be a great hotel for you

i stay at the hotel jen while in hong kong to attend a family wedding . we book a jen room and be greet with amazing view of the harbour each morning . we really enjoy the location of the property as there be many shop and restaurant within walk distance . housekeep be sometimes slow in get our room make up , and the bed be a little hard as they usually be in asia , but we have a great stay during our time there . my only real complaint would be the toiletry that be provide   they make you smell like your junior high janitor . so , if you 're think about book a stay here , do it . you wo n't be disappoint with the array of     daily life    activity surround the hotel . just make sure to bring your own soap and shampoo

be give a very good rate hence decide to give the hotel a try . initially concern about the location as there 's no mtr station within sight , but ala my fear be unfounded ! hotel jen be locate in a smash neighbourhood full of local eatery and mcd and kfc and even a wet market nearby ! best of all , its only   min by bus to central for everything posh and luxurious

we stay at hotel jen for   night in november as the last stop of your honeymoon trip to thailand . check in go smoothly , but there be no one to help us with our luggage . not the best first impression . our room be very small , but clean . the location be a bit inconvenient . you have to use their hotel shuttle to get to the nearest mtr station , which be about a   ride . breakfast be not great . the one lone server that be work be n't very friendly . they be constantly short on food and the server do n't bring out more food unless you ask him to . we expect better service consider the price we paid . we have have better service at hotel that cost much less . needle to say , customer service be not a high priority at this hotel

situate in western district , i feel like a local get to and from the hotel . use the very dependable tram system and clockwork like mtr sheung wan closest station i find it an enjoyable trip to and fom the many sights and disricts of hong kong . during the short walk to the tram , look out for gathering of local elderly man play what look like draughts not sure what the local name is    a very nostalgic sight

hotel jen , a   star accomidation , have a great price when i be try to save some money . although not close to a     mrt    stop , they provide a shuttle bus to and from . when want to step out and see the sights , a tram be one block away and very cheap . this tram will take you to the center of hong kong with a view of everyone and everything . when wake up and need breakfast , again , save some money and walk next door to mcdonalds . save your money and pass on their breakfast buffet

if we do n't give a   point to this hotel , it be only because it be a little bit out of the way on the other hand , taxis be very cheap in hk . we book a room in the higher floor so we have access to the lounge at the top of the building for the breakfast and in the evening for the free non alcoolic drink   this be very nice . the package also include free internet in the lounge and   dollar mini bar extra per day a cool beer in your room while enjoy the view be a plus after a long day of touristical trek . the harbour view option be be also worth it

stay for   night late october   after read other review go for the jen room     the price seem to fluctuate all over the place on a few website but eventually get it for about     aud a night .

we stay one night in this hotel in our recent hong kong visit . we take airport bus   for   and the bus drop you off just before the hotel . our room â € “ a standard â € “ face the nearby block of old shop building and the room size be a bit smallish . however , the room would Ã © cor be fresh and modern , in blend of white and beige colour and use plenty of wood panel . the roof top pool look good . the hotel be locate in the western district which be a place for ordinary hk folks . it be a short walk to the des vouex west road along which the hk tram runs . you pay a flat rate of   for any destination . so get around be not a problem . the hotel also have a schedule shuttle to sheung wan mtr station , ferry pier and the hk airport express station

hotel jen 's biggest attraction be its location . it be in amongst an older , work part of hong kong , which mean the traveller see a greater variety of life here compare to stay in a hotel in central . other review have cover the transport into central bit , which be a positive attraction since it 's quick and cheap but interesting

we book our accommodation as we arrive in hong kong from london . we find this hotel on wotif com and benefit from the great , last minute rates of offer at the time . we be a family of five and book two jen rooms . while we do not get interconnect rooms , the rooms be next to each other which be very helpful with kids . the rooms be very modern with great facility , although on the slighly small side . the entire hotel have a very modern look and feel . our deal include free wi fi , free breakfast , free cocktail from   each night ,   hkd of drink from the min bar each day , and ~   hkd for two rooms of non alcoholic drink voucher to use over the course of our stay in the level   bar or at the ground floor cafe . some review i have read comment that the hotel be isolate   i guess it depend on your perspective . true , it be in the far west of the city near kennedy so you would n't walk to the main shop but you can catch the tram   hkd to anywhere one street away , the hotel shuttle bus every   min during the week , or taxis   hkd to central ,   hkd up the hill to lkf . and others may appreciate that this be one of few area still retain many of the older and more traditional flavour of hong kong in terms of the surround building and the business

hotel jen be definitely reasonably price relative to other hotel in hk , and be an attractively modern hotel with clean bright rooms . however , it need a lot of work in the customer service department before i 'd stay there again

as i write this , hotel jen be rate     out of   it deserve a higher rank

a change of management be clearly what this hotel needed . the refurb have work wonder and the rooms be charming , functional and clean . the photo on the website be exactly what you get , and the view either side be great from the higher floor

we book hotel jen via hotelopia for   nights . after read review on the hotel , it be indeed newly renovate and be very pleasant to stay in . our room be a standard room on the   floor and we do not have the free breakfast . that do n't bother us as we go to the local eatery for breakfast which be much more entice ! apart from the bathroom be on the smaller side , the bedroom be sufficient , clean and bright . for those who live in the uk , i would say for comparison sake  it 's much better than the premier travel inn and cheaper than them too

we stay here for   night in july and love the hotel

hotel jen be a very nice , clean , modern hotel to the west of central hong kong . my room be almost identical to the picture show on this website and very comfy . whilst you be not locate too centrally , there be a free shuttle bus from the hotel to various destination and taxis be very cheap and take about   straight into the city , so this be not really much of a problem

very clean , modern hotel . location be a bit out of downtown , which be good or bad depend on your preference as the surround neighborhood be not touristy . good , cheap massage place around the corner . hotel restaurant be good if you 're not up for the more authentic chinese place nearby . it 's still easy to get into the center of town on the tram  takes about   minutes . rooms themselves be small , as be the norm in hong kong , but be very well organize and comfortable . recommend

the hotel be in the western district out in kennedy town . it be a long way from the main sights and shopping so you probably need to know your way around hong kong before decide to stay here . interesting area that be yet to be destroy by the developers . its almost all that be leave of the more traditional hong kong . the hotel be clean , bright , and newly refurbish with polish wooden floor in a clean minimalist style . i have a jen room which be quite spacious by hong kong standards . you can see a little bit of the harbour . jen rooms use the sky lounge for breakfast which consist of a few packet of cornflakes and some carton of milk . there be not even coffee available one morning i be there . the hotel shuttle operate only every hour or hour and a half and go to macau ferry , star ferry and airport express . you more or less have to find your own way back which be usually taxi at   for   hkd a time . overall , a good value for money stay in an out of the way but interesting area

this hotel be on the western side of hk island , on the tram   bus line to the centre   min away

upgrade to a room with a good harbour view on arrival . nice touch , very comfortable bed initially book a short stay en route to shanghai . severe weather scupper the plan , staff could not have be more helpful contact airline and airport for updates . our eventual   day stay be excellent with no complaints . bus outside the hotel , tram   min away . free hotel mini bus service during the day to the ferry and the city centre . would have no hesitation stay again or recommend to anyone . not let the     novotel    name put you off this be a higher standard than

book the jen hotel in desperation as could not find a nice hotel with a good rate . on the website hk     and i pay to upgrade to harbour view room on arrival worth the hk    

we stay at the jen hotel from     our room be situate on the   floor and have a wonderful view across the harbour,we lie in bed watch the pass ferry and turbojet head to macau . the hotel be formerly the novotel century harborview , it have undergone a major face lift and be very modern and clean . the hotel be locate on the western part of hong kong island , which be the old chinese area , it be also home to the university and many hk citizens . the people who live nearby and work in the shop be very friendly there be a bank of china about four door away . a great every day restaurant tai saku about   door down towards the water , which be frequent by local , we have somewhat of a celebrity status after our   visit   great food for very little money

it be a great surprise to see the new modern lobby and a spotless and funky white room with a fruit plate . the only thing that be a bit of annoyance be the coldness of the bathroom tiles . i understand that there be a very few cold month per year in hk but heated floor would add a nice touch

stay here for   night over new year  

this hotel be undergo renovation and you can hear the renovation happen in your room during the day . the entrance to the hotel have be close for renovation also , so you need to enter through the semi garage

i stay at the harbourview for   days with my boyfriend . we be pleasantly suprised by the hotel , as we be expect the worst consider how much we pay ! however , the room be clean and comfortable , we have a view over the harbour although the hotel be somewhat set back from the waterfront   do not expect panoramic view ! . there be a basket of fruit in the room and we have a free english paper every morning

for a crowd island , this be a normal size hotel room . bed be not as hard as the other accor property in china . location of the hotel be best reach by the tram . avoid arrive late    poor public transport system to the hotel

the taxi driver laugh when we say novotel century harbourview his reaction be     harbourview    and then he laughed . you get a glimpse of water between the building in front . we arrive to find the pool be be renovate and be in this part of town there be not much else to do so it be a taxi or shuttle bus to go anywhere of interest or for good shopping . bed be also very hard . would find somewhere else to stay

we be a family of   from new zealand kid   and   and go the all black and stay at the harbourview for   night in july   where we have two adjoin rooms . we think the hotel be very good and would recommend it

stay here   night with my   year old daughter , get to do a bit of shopping and disney not as bad as others make it . the hotel be locate in the western district , the best option from the airport be the train into central hk , then a taxi which cost around     and take around   the hotel do have a shuttle but run only every   min into central witha couple of stop along the way . have breakfast   morning which be vary east and west cuisine , there be mcd 's and kfc less than   min from hotel and some other local authentic restaurants . the rooms be quite large compare to other hotel in area and very clean . next time i would stay maybe a little closer to central or kowloon for a different experience , but i have recommend this hotel to others and they have stay and like the hotel

stay here in the first week of june . upon arrival into hong kong airport express station , we take a taxi that only cost us   a dollar to nchv . it be apparent from the start that the area western district be what seem to be a work class district but this give off the feel of real asia , not just the postcard area most tourist limit themselves to

we book this hotel on wotif com and it be an alright deal . with this book we be suppose to receive a complimentary fruit basket upon arrival and a free drink . the drink voucher be for a non alcoholic drink and the fruit basket never appear

i just return from a solid stay at the nchv . check in on sunday morning and room be make available within an hour . even receive an upgrade to a harbourview room on the   floor , which be one of their     biz    floors . room be rather small , but it do not cause a problem , as i be travel on my own . the location of the hotel be ok , although not exceptional , as you have to take a taxi , which i do a couple of times , to get to the star ferry     central . these be very cheap and set you back two pound each way , which equal hkd   i would not recommend breakfast , as it be not value for money at all . rather have a little business breakfast in their business centre , which be locate on   floor , which be charge at hkd   rather than the   they charge you in the restaurant . another recommendation for improvement would be the service of the room , which never happen before late afternoon . all in all a good experience especially when consider the small amount of hkd   pay book via their website . if you do not mind take a   minute taxi ride to central , this be certainly an acceptable place to stay

hotel be reasonably well appointed . staff be helpful and polite

as per the title the hotel it be all of those which be be not to be expected . the rooms be comfortable and well supply with the usuals

we have just return from our holiday on which we spend   night at this hotel . the rooms have everything you need to have an enjoyable stay , they be clean and the staff be very helpful and friendly

i stay at this hotel one day . the hotel be clean and the staff be friendly . i do not find any problem with the hotel aside from the fact that it be a few minutes away from tourist areas . but the hotel do have shuttle service the transport people to the mtr subway

we be give room   locate at the corner . room be small and we can hear ppl use the tap or toilet from other rooms . carpet and blanket look dirty . shower be disappointing . the water pressure be low , water flow be inconsistent

we have just return from two night at novotel century harbourview . our initial room be on the   floor and whilst we have an excellent view of the harbour it be a smoking room and therefore we change to a non smoking room on the   floor . we be very please with the room   it be clean and tidy . we have a buffet breakfast and also an evening meal in the main restaurant which we think be a reasonable standard and very good value

this be an older hotel in the heart of hong kong island . it be not close to the mass transport system although the hotel do have a shuttle during the day

hotel be

the hotel be a good deal and be locate in the western district   a little bit far away from central , but therefore much cheaper . it can be easily reach with the old hong kong tramway

we stay in this hotel two night and it be an awful experience

i stay at the hotel for   night on business . i pick the hotel on account of the novotel brand which translates to me as meaning       star hotel room location service and the price . true to the meaning , the hotel be good value   no fuss and efficient

i â € ™ m airline staff and stay at the novotel century harbourview from   to the   june . the hotel be very clean and comfortable . the staff be very knowledgeable and always willing to help . check in out be very smooth . we be in an executive room   floor which have a good view of the harbour between the high rise apartment block , although the room itself be very small . the bathroom be very nice with very good amenities

i just return from the novotel century hotel and i have to say it be excellent . it be well situate not to far from the center but not to close too . the staff be friendly the service be good , but beware pay with your credit card . i pay in advance of my book and on book into the hotel they have your card number i believe for security and aditional charges . personally i not use the mini bar and eat out i be now amaze look at my mastercard statement that they not only charge me   gbp for my special offer stay , but take another   gbp on   arrival . as nice as this hotel be i could have stay at a a far better again for this price . so far i have weote to there email address of info   nchn com hk and they not even take the bother to reply . i will now fax them direct and hope they take the trouble to respond , so beware

i stay in this novotel because   it be relatively cheap ,     of the brand novotel . i be n't disappointed . the hotel have a decent lobby and reception . the room be the best feature   clean and spacious . only one thing the shower do n't have a lot of hot water   the water be just warm enough to have a shower but not comfortably warm

location in the western district well away from tourist area but hotel run a regular shuttle bus to centre , mtr and ferry but not on sundays . taxis be very cheap but need to show driver on map where yhou want to go . rooms very clean , excellent toiletry provide even toothbrush , paste and comb ! breakfast have plent to offer european and asian traveller alike . high floor rooms do have harbourview . biz bar do happy hour from   til   every night and you can get an excellent fish and chips very cheaply . plenty of supermarket nearby,l mcdonalds adjacent and a kfc a few yard up the street

great value hotel , stay six night with the family , whilst visit my brother in hong kong , staff very helpful great location ,     very chinese hong kong    , lots of local shop supermarket right outside the door , easy to go downtown to central district via tram or bus,asked staff to empty mini bar so we could use the fridge no problem ! would stay again

the service at this hotel be great . the staff be friendly and always happy to help . the rooms be nice and clean . a good range of facility be available include   internet access , business suite , bars , gym and a roof top swim pool with stunning view of hong kong island . in terms of location it be fairly far away from the city centre but the hotel provide a free shuttle service to and from the city , so the distance be not a real big problem . also you be conveniently locate near a number of supermarket , restaurant and shopping centres . the hotel restaurant offer breakfast , lunch and dinner at good price and the food be delicious

a nice , basic , clean hotel with good service . my husband     i stay here while he be do business . the room be pay for by his work , so i do n't know what the price be like . the food in the hotel be average   nothing great , not terrible , however

find the hotel to be just what be want   a comfortable place to spend the rest hours during a hectic visit to hong kong . we much preferred hong kong island to kowloon   less touristy and not so 'in your face' . although the mtr be a   minute walk away , the tram be a five minute walk to the next block and this be the real hide bonus for us . the tram be wonderful and a true taste of hong kong living . for   you can get right to the other end of the harbour and you get to see the real hong kong

stay in this hotel for two night in january . the hotel be what you would expect from novotel . we be upgrade to a harbourview room which be nice and we do get a good deal from the accor website . we choose the light breakfast option in the hotel lobby which be great if you just want pastry or toast and coffee the only thing i could say anything negative about be the location . it 's about a   minute walk to the nearest mtr station of sheung wan . the tram be about a block away but we do n't bother to use it as it always look jam packed . a taxi from central mtr be around     hk     australian so we either take a taxi or use the hotel 's free shuttle service . if you intend to walk and use the mtr then i would stay in a more central hotel . however , if price be what guide your choice , then the novotel be really reasonable for what you get

