the location of the hotel be very good and within min from exit   of tsimshatsui mtr station . many eatery and shop nearby . we choose the hotel mainly for its location . h v , as there be   of us spouse ,   child age         plus myself , we have to either take   rooms or the family room . we opt for the family room even though the rates be slightly more expensive than   twin rooms . we book   night and pay hk     per night , total hk     we book the room directly with the hotel . the family room have   queen size bed and   bathrobes     slipper be provide on top of the usual toothbrush , shower cap etc . all their family rooms be locate on the   floor but we could n't hear noise from the street . the lounge with free coffee tea and a laptop be also locate on the same floor

the benito be a good hotel with an excellent location , you 'll end up in the very middle of tsim sha tsui , kowloon

i will start with the con , since that be what really matters . the bathroom smell like urine and the drain in the shower be not very effective . as such , do n't count on take a shower longer than   minutes . it be clear that mold be grow under the wallpaper    the bed be really hard . honestly , if we be stay for more than one night , i would have ask to change rooms or not stay there at all

we stay   night at the hotel in november . great location   just off nathan road in kowloon , only ~   walk to the tst mtr station ,  lt     walk down to the pier . room be quite small but we have stay in smaller . the bathroom be a decent size and clean . basic amenities   cable tv , internet connection , bar fridge . find this to be great value and would definitely stay there again

we stay at hotel benito for   in december . the hotel offer basic accommodation in a great location . rooms be relatively quiet , clean and comfortable with modern bathroom , cable tv and fridge . the room rate be affordable at   hkd per night . staff speak english and be friendly and helpful . check in out be seamless

due to the e asian game , i pay an average of   per nite for a twin bed room , it could be as low as hk     in low season . room be a bit small but everything be clean include the toliet . location be excellent , just   min from tst mtr station exit   and   minutes walk from   airport bus station . for return to airport , the   airport bus stop be just opposite the main road . the lounge at first floor have a coffee make machine and   laptop for free internet access

hotel be a   min walk away from   exit of tst mtr , convenient after a long day of sightseeing . variety of food and shopping within walk region . however , our rooms be small we could n't open   luggage at the same time without compromise our walk space and be n't thoroughly cleaned . i could see dirt at some places . when we check out , we be make to pay   for a notepad that my baby cousin draw on which could have be easily clean off . after we insist that it can be rub off , they quickly reduce the price to  

i just fly in back home from hongkong after a   leisure trip with family members . all the good things mention about benito hotel be suddenly wipe out by its very dubious deposit policy . i be ask to pay a   deposit upon checkin which , the hotel frontdesk clerk say , would be pay back to me upon checkout . this never happened . after processing my card payment for the duration of our stay , i ask for the refund of my deposit fee . the clerk on duty would n't give it . i demand that the clerk on duty when i check in be call to clarify matters . however , marcia be still unable to explain why i could n't get my   back even though she assure me during checkin that it will be return to me after checkout . i will not fuss if i see that it be credit against my total hotel bill . i have to leave the hotel since i have an early morning flight to catch . i refuse to think that 's how they make money from their guest    let them pay their hotel bill in full and ask for a   deposit fee which they promise to return during checkout     but will not . i write the hongkong tourism board already on this . let 's see how they will respond . hotel like this give hongkong tourism a bad name

we book in july through booking com ,     use a credit card to secure the book , with the understanding it would n't be charge until we arrived . however , a week later my credit card have to be change due to fraudulent transactions in asia     i notify hotel benito of this via email . when we arrive to check in , we be tell that they have attempt to charge my credit card overnight , and it have be decline because they be use the incorrect card . they have attempt to contact us , but as i couldnt be reach , my book have be cancelled . i would have consider this fair if a they have be charge the correct card and b they be n't try to contact me while they know i be in the air on a   flight i have supply my flight details . this be then follow up by a refusal to honour the original book , and they sting us for another     above the original book cost so up from     for   night , to     for a so called king deluxe room , which it do not appear to be

this hotel be the best choice if you come to hk on a budget but need an excellent location in tst . on good days you may book this hotel for more or less   per night . free internet , large fridge , lcd tvs    the rooms be still a little spartan and the service be simple but for this price it ca n't get any better

hotel be locate off the main road so it may be difficult to find for some one not familiar with hong kong . it be locate in a convert building judge by the layout of the rooms . however once you be out of the hotel , you be greet by the numerous shop surround the hotel make it in a great position to be in . walk to the mtr station be within minutes and accessibility to place of interest be a great plus . as i be familiar with the area where the hotel be locate in , i be able to find anything i need in this location

from the   of october to the   of november we stay at hotel benito in the deluxe queen room

i recently stay at this hotel for four night with a friend . i give the hotel five star in each category as it meet if not exceed what it claim to be . note that this be not a five star hotel with restaurant , fitness rooms and swim pool . however , for a three star hotel i can not fault it . the rooms be clean although small and i find that the bathroom be very clean and free from mold which a previous review noted . i especially like the feature that keep the mirror from fog up from the shower . there be a lounge area that offer free internet on the first floor which i do not come across at any other hotel during my travel in asia . the location of the hotel be perfect    literally steps away from exit   at tst station and surround by lots of shopping and wonderful restaurants . for a price of approximately     usd per night or     hkd i do n't think that there be another hotel with a similar location that can compare . the only thing that might deter someone be that there be no restaurant in the hotel and no breakfast be offered . there be however , a small cafe directly beside the front door which open early and have many choice for breakfast

stay at benito for a week base on review from tripadvisor , and be not disappointed . i get room   , so a single bed but the room be ok size by hk standard , do n't expect a huge space . everything be clean and proper , nicely update bathroom and workspace . internet access be wire only , but if you go to the   floor you can use their computer , or ask for the wifi password i find that even on the   floor the signal be strong enough . service be very friendly and prompt . location be excellent , tst mtr station exit be literally steps away , and lots of food and shopping in the area . after all , this be nathan road !

recently return from a   day stay at the hotel benito . find hotel to be excellent value for the money . location be excellent with less that a block walk to the mtr . while there be not a in house restuarant , there be numerous place to eat surround the hotel . find staff to be very outgo and helpful . even the staff that do n't speak english go out of their way to contact a staff member that could help us . room be clean and have several item that i do n't expect for the price bathrobe and slipper , toothbrush , razor , shave cream etc . bed be comfortable and the air conditioner be while a little noisy , very effiecent . the only drawback the hotel do smell a little musty when you entered . this may be cause by the air condition , or may just be that all of hong kong be moist and humid to me

hotel benito be a great value hotel locate in the heart of kowloon . we pay around     for the hotel over three night and be pleasantly surprise by the quality of the hotel and amenities . we have a king sized bed on the eighth floor . the room have everything you 'd expect in a higher priced hotel   complimentary toiletry , nicely appointed decor , power adaptor helpful since we be come from the u .s . , iron , etc . the hotel also have free internet access from its two laptop on the first floor . you get a lot for your money , which make this hotel definitely worth it for those who be look for a 'home base ' in hong kong while they see the sights . hotel staff be extremely helpful in terms of recommend place in the area . the hotel be right near the subway mtr for get around the city . it be also a very short walk to the ferry , which take you either to wan chai or central . the location make it quite easy to get around to the various sights in and near hong kong . we be in hk for three days and get to po lin , cheung chau , central , wan chai , and the airport with absolutely no problem , travel at various times by airport express train , mtr , slow ferry , and fast ferry

stay for   night last week

stay for     at this hotel and couldnt complain . staff be friendly , rooms be clean and big enough for hk standard , internet use at the lounge and very easy to find . a stone throw away from the mtr tsim sha tsui station , you can make your way all over hk easily . will definitely stay here again in the future

warning   the tax and hotel service charge be huge   almost same price of the room

stay for   nights . our room have a black patch of mould on the ceiling which be the size of a human hand . there be also patch of black on the wall which look like mould have be paint over but be start to come back through . we ask for a room change and the reception do n't show any surprise when we say there be mould in the room . we also begin to notice other patch in the hotel corridor and even on the doors . they give us another room which still have patch but not so many . do n't know if this be a common problem in hong kong hotel where the building be old

my friend and i stay here for   days , and we have no complaint about the place . they have a great lounge with two laptop for guest to use , and wireless connectivity set up in every room . it 's a min walk from the tst mtr station and the staff be really much friendlier compare to the usual snobby service you get elsewhere . it 's right next to a fantastic dimsum place as well , which we find out from a staff 's reccommendation

after check out the review here in tripadvisor , i book   night at hotel benito . when i arrive , me and my wife find the hotel and our room as very clean . the room be quite small , but hey if you 're in hong kong , most of the time you 're out . the hotel be a stone throw 's away from an exit in tsim sha tsui . although they do n't serve breakfast , you can take out food and eat at their lounge which also have   laptop for free internet

my family and i stay at hotel benito from   a lovely experience   the hotel rooms be clean  although small but good enough for a hotel in tts . complimentary fruit basket be a surprise   toilets be clean . be expect a totally no frill hotel but hotel benito do have a business lounge lvl   with complimentary drink , newspaper and laptop usage ! within the rooms , shampoo , body wash , toothbrush , razor , cotton buds   and bottle of water too . the counter staff be friendly too   location , it win hands down ! if there 's a chance to be back in hk , definitely hotel benito

hotel benito be locate just   walk from the tst exit would , perfect for the weary travellor . the room be   , a really small room , only big enough to open one of those bigger suitcases . but its small n cozy . the hotel staff be also v thoughtful with some of the details

i stay at the hotel from   july and i would recommend this to any one who be confused or have second thought , i have spend a lot of time decide a hotel with little budget , and have a   old child with us . i be totally impress as i walk in to the reception area , i feel they have keep the place very well , spotless , very clean . the rooms be very small , but good if you be out the whole day and want to just sleep in the night . the location be amazing , mtr station across the street , with kfc , macdonald and burger king round the corner . the hotel do not have in house restuarant but so many choice across the road . if i ever return i would surely use the hotel again , very clean and good for the price we paid . i would whole heartedly recommend without second thoughts . good security and good reception staff who be over friendly . there be internet connection in the room and a lounge on first floor with unlimited coffee tea and with laptop

book a twin room . room be small but comfortable . room be clean and well kept . nice shower with instant warm water and good water pressure . there be no restaurant , but the hotel have a lounge where you can eat your takeaway food , enjoy a cup of coffee , watch telly or use the two laptop with internet connection . there be also wire internet connection in the room

i ca n't believe i get three night here for   ! the hotel be right next to the mtr station , the staff be friendly , the rooms be almost spotless and , whilst they be rather small , there be space to open two suitcase , which be more than can be say for many more expensive place

hotel benito 's location be first class ! mtr be practically on its doorstep and the area be in the shopping district of tsim tsha tsui itself . rooms be clean and new thus it be a pleasant experience . many bustle cafe , bakery and restaurant be all nearby thus food be not a problem . i 'll be back here again

this be a very nice boutique hotel . the rooms be quite small , but apparently this be not uncommon in hong kong . it 's a very clean hotel , with great location . the subway be literally less than a minutes walk from the hotel . from the subway there be good accessibilty to pretty much anywhere in hk . the hotel be locate in tsim sha sui , not to far from the water

we avail the hotel through travel asia com we stay for   days,fortunately we avail their   night free promo . it have good location,near to star ferry,avenue of stars,victoria harbour,near to mtr station,    near to mc donalds     kfc if you want sovenier no need to go to night market because there be store near hotel that give whole sale price staff be helpful     accomodating im go back to hk next year w  my mom     sis   i will stay   hotel

stay at the benito hotel for   days in last april . i really enjoy the place , its location and the cleanliness of the room . there 's free wireless in your room and two computer with free internet in the first floor if you do n't bring your own . rooms also have safe box and minifridge . very close to the tsim sha tsui mtr station just half block , also a hsbc bank with atm just a few steps away . walk distance to the avenue of the star and star ferry pier

nothing beats the location of this place as it be about   min walk to tsim sha tsui mtr station ! the room be very small as other hotel in hong kong ! but give the location , it be a good value ! very good location for muslim traveller as well as it be just opposite kowloon mosque and there be plenty of halal restaurant around

hotel benito have an excellent location in the heart of tst . my room be small , quiet , clean and perfectly suitable for my needs . broadband be free and fast . bed be of average comfort , water pressure temp be fine , toiletry be nothing flash . will stay here again when the price be right . i think this hotel be worth hkd   when rates be higher i stay elsewhere

i accidentially find this boutique hotel from website . after read the earlier review , i be quite confident that this can be one of my good choice . the rate hkd   per night be very suitable compare to the great location at the center of tsim shatsui . tsim shatsui mtr be just right at the corner of the hotel . do n't worry that you will be hungry at night as there be mcdonald   hours just opposite the hotel

it 's no news that hotel price be high in hong kong , and this place be n't dirt cheap either , but consider the circumstances , it must be really good value . you 're place in the core of tsim sha tsui , just a few steps from an mrt exit , and a short distance from the waterfront , with its view , museum , ferry , etc

after check out , we be inform that the little notepad in the room be miss , we insist that we only see a big one , then they tell us we 'd be charge   hkd if the notepad ca n't be find and that we should go back up to the room to look for the notepad ourselves , out of disgust , i throw a   bill at them and walk away , be that good customer service or relations ? ?

excellent location , convenient , clean and very helpful friendly hotel staff

i stay for one night in a deluxe single room for hkd   at the hotel benito after a week in guilin and yangshuo . my flight come in late and i check in around   it be literally a stone 's throw away from the cameron road exit of the tsim sha tsui mtr and be closely situate to nathan road and a ton of food option   include maxim 's fast food chinese   very good , kfc and mcdonalds . the hotel itself be very recently renovate , clean and provide no frill accommodation and service to its guest

after extensive renovation , this little hotel have it all , clean , modern rooms , friendly     helpful staff , ideal location and value for money . i would n't even consider stay anywhere else next time i visit hk , and i plan on tell anyone i know to stay here . steps from the metro , laptop     lounge use on the   floor , quiet rooms and overall just what we need in hk

i would stay here again if in kowloon again ! we choose the deluxe room because other review mention how small the rooms were . we find the size very acceptable . the bathroom be also a decent size . the room be clean and modern , and we like the decor and furnishing

i and my wife stay at hotel benito on   feb  

we book this hotel because it be one of the lower price hotel we could find in kowloon . there be some renovation go on when we stay there , but nothing too noisy . the room be small , but that be expect in hong kong . the hotel be locate near many shop and restaurant and be very close to a metro station . overall this be a good choice if you have a tight budget in hong

i stay at hotel benito for my dec trip . it be just lovely . the room be clean and the bathroom be consider big . though its a bit small , but it do not matter at all since we be always out . most importantly , it have a very good location near to just everywhere   airport bus , train station , ferry terminal . and there be lots of shopping around . within walk distance to lots of places . the staff be very helpful and accede to all our request

we be a group of   and we reserve the family room .   double bed ,   single bed . it be say that the rooms could be quite small and we be expect the worst ! but when we see the room , it be really spacious ! the layout be very good and they do not sacrifice on other amenities like dresser and refrigerator just to cram the bed and fit it into the room . the hotel be very modern and very clean . the location of the room be also very convenient as it be the same floor of their lounge where you can have free coffee , hot chocolate , tea or fruit juice ! you can also browse the internet with their laptop for free

benito hotel albeit boutique be very nice   clean , accessible , with courteous staff and reasonably price , and if i get to visit hong kong again , i 'd love to stay in this hotel again

this be a wonderful hotel . modern , very clean , and comfortable . service be excellent . location be extremely convenient   close to mtr and many restaurant , banks , etc

brilliant hotel . rooms be a bit small but we not care , the location be brilliant and for hong kong the price be very reasonable . staff be friendly and we feel at ease for the duration of our stay . cant ask for more really

convenience

this be a part of our   day trip to asia and we stay in this hotel for   night

this be a great hotel . it be very modern , super clean , and less than a minute away away from nathan road , a taxi stand , the mta and be easy walk distance to the star ferry . it do not serve food but there be a   hour chinese restaurant on the next street and if you really must there be a   hour mcdonald 's less than a minute away plus many other restaurants . it have a nice lounge with juice , hot drink and cookie as well as two laptop connect to the internet . the rooms be clean , have internet access , flat screen tv 's and be very modern . the only negative may be the size of the bedroom . it be small , but the bathroom be good size and have a heated mirror which be a good thing to have in humid hong kong . we book through asiatravel com and pay hk     and hk     for saturday night

we book the benito through email directly through them and get a very decent rate , consider how expensive all the other hotel in hk be during our vacation

nice botique hotel . mtr be only   meter away and this make it easy to travel anywhere . i book directly with hotel and find that cheaper . my room be small but cozy . the washroom however be a decent size and very clean . for the price and location it be an excellent choice . i speak chinese so the staff be not rude to me nor be they friendly either . lots of shopping and eat close by and bars at night near by . tst area have it all   highend shopping and cheap stuff too . i would stay here again in a heartbeat but if you be use to north american size rooms then this be not the place for you . more suitable for couple singles

for tourist , the location be super convenient ! we pay     for   stay,it be a fair price to pay . lots of eat place here and there . the relatively new hotel room be pretty small but since we do not plan to hangout in the room , it do n't matter . we have a clean room to rest in , take baths,etc . nothing more . the tv in our room do n't work well , we only have one working channel with poor reception . towards the end of our stay , around day   til we check out,we notice that the room have n't be clean as efficiently compare to the past days

we book this hotel with little information so we be a little apprehensive until we get there . we be pleasantly surprise

excellent central location

the location be superb as far as i have . mtr be near by , less than   walk , food be abundant even at night . but expect nothing more than

hotel be newly open in nov     i have book myself     my partner   night from       dec   at   per night . a great steal consider nearby hotel be as high as   + per night

