for the price you pay this hotel be over rated . we arrive after   and be drop by a shuttle bus in a side street no bell boy to assist you with your luggage . staff not friendly and willing to accommodate you . very expensive   inter use us     in a room so small you struggle to turn around . rooms be very small , if you try to open the mini bar you bump against the bed . shower be so small you struggel to turn arround . if you don ‚ Ä ô t stay on floor   or above the view be very bad . we pay for a late checkout but have to be out by   breakfast be the only very good thing about this hotel

stay   night at this hotel late november   newish hotel well locate in south tst just off nathan road with easy access to the mtr via the hanoi street entry exit which be about   from the hotel ‚ Ä ì still a fair walk to the train via the underground walkway ‚ Ä ì but very convenient . only a couple of minutes walk to nathan rd and about   min walk to harbour city

the hotel be comfortable , in a good location and be fill with friendly and efficient staff . we would definitely stay at this hotel again

we stay two night in hotel panorama in december   on the way to singapore and malaysia . the main reason we choose this hotel be reasonable price and view to the victoria harbour . we arrive to kowloon by bus from hkia , since the hotel be just a couple of block away from the bus stop and the bus be the most affordable way to reach the city

my main purpose to stay at this hotel be because of its bathroom with harbour view , as they advertise so much . i reserve a harbour view , platinum suite . when i check in i realize live room and bedroom have harbour view , but the bathroom do not have any view at all . i ask the front desk whether they could change the room for me . they say it be the only room available . come on . i notice even a single studio room have the harbour view bath room . that be their advertising point . i feel i be cheat

room be so small , there be no place to put our   large luggage , but the location be great , and it be a new hotel . the staff be really friendly

this be our   time in hong kong , have stay at the eaton hotel previously . we book this through expedia co uk and get what i think be a bargain

travel with parent and arrive late evening and find that the front desk staff who have to check us in be not quite happy and although i understand that hotel will require to ask for deposit for incidental charge but be amaze that they ask for quite a huge amount for   night stay myr   . totally shock and in the end the staff mention that its alright    myr   will do    be not quite happy about it but still we place that amount of deposit as we understand that as long as we not damage any thing or use the mini bar . but the check in experience be not what i expect

have stay at this hotel several times since it 's grand opening . services , rooms and commitment be top notch    but my recent experience have me give it a stop sign

this be a super hotel , the view be amazing , you can watch the light show from you room

be a while since we return from our hong kong trip . travel with elderly parent and to my pleasant surprise , hk offer good amenities to make our travel seem so easier especially with escalator at every nook and corner

this be my   stay at hotel panorama in the space of   months . my initial reaction to the size of the room be surprise as they be small . there be issue in some rooms where you can not work at the build in desk and push your chair back without hit the foot of the bed . i remind myself that i be in hong kong where space be a premium . this time i be stay in a king platinum room as a corporate guest . this have some significant cost advantage for those want a good deal . this upgrade provide me with private check in and check out , free internet for the duration of my stay , complimentary buffet breakfast on the   floor each morning , free use of the business centre and three piece of laundry per day . all in all a good , useful package

very brief update for anyone who , like us be concern by the previous three reviews . check in be superb   very well organise and staff very very polite . room be a silver deluxe which be very spacious indeed   two double bed , office area and huge tv . bathroom include both a shower and nice sink style bath . everything immaculately clean

the hotel cheat us ! after promising a large room and further amenities at the time of book , they give us a really tiny cubicle to stay in ! then they tell us if we want a larger room we would have to pay     + tax extra per day inspite of a confirm bookng . the guy who take our reservation be no where to be see and instead one really rude manager come and tell us to take it or leave it . since all of hong kong be fully book for a conference we have no choice but to cough up the extra amount . the entire hotel staff be extremely rude and do not understand what hospitality means . by all means avoid this hotel . they be nothing but a bunch of cheat out to loot traveller

this be my   trip to hong kong and by far this be the worst hotel . the rooms be so tiny you ca n't even roll your luggage to the other side of the room . we stay at a superior gold room with harbor view on the   floor and the edge of the bed be practically touch the desk with only space for one person to move around . after make a complaint about the size of the room they upgrade us to a superior gold deluxe room on the   floor which be a little bigger but we have to sacrifice our harbor view . the rooms look rather run down and in addition , the light be terrible and limited . the hotel be locate near an mtr station entrance but you will find that the subway train be actually about a   minute walk away

platinum room offer a great view of the harbor   but be incredibly small . i be a bit surprise to notice some black mold in the bathroom as the hotel be somewhat new . the hotel do not appear to offer any common area other than the platinum lounge , which be , itself , fine if you have access to it . breakfast be ok   but not outstanding

we stay at the panorama for   night and be very happy with our choice of hotel we have only book a basic superior silver room but upon arrival we be offer a suite on the   floor at the cost of ¬ £   per night extra,this be a great deal as it be nearly half what it be price at on the internet the room be very spacious with   plasma tvs,a large bathroom amd a massive king bed,the view be spectacular overlook the whole of the harbour,we could have lie in bed and watch the light show if we have wanted the room be clean and tidy to a high standard daily and all toiletry be replace daily we have a daily paper deliver each morning and one night we come in to a basket of fruit,very nice touch all the staff be more than helpful

cleanliness   the room be clean and well made when we get there . there be minimal dust on drawers and the closet . the elevator be always be clean when we be there

the hotel be practical neighbour to one of the biggest underground stations in hong kong , so whitin minutes you can be anywhere in the city . it simply have a great location

positive

this hotel be well locate

you wo n't go wrong stay in this hotel . it be new , about a year old , the staff be very polite and helpful and the room amenities be superb . i book a deluxe gold room but it be upgrade to a platinum floor room upon check in . the room have a good view of the harbour high rise building be within sight too . the location of the hotel be a bit confusing and disorientate at first but you can easily get your bearing right after a short walkabout in the surround street

my sister and i travel to hong kong with our elderly but spritely   father and stay for   at the hotel panorama . after a mix up in communication from our australian travel agent , the hotel have our book as be for only   people . i produce my book invoice which clearly state i have pay for   people and hence should have be advise to book   rooms by my agent but be n't tell . after consultation with the lovely tiffany at check in , she speak with the duty manager andrey who much to our delight allocate us a suite on the   floor . well , what can i say ? . we walk into the most fantastic view i have ever seen . the floor to ceiling wiindows frame hong kong harbour at it 's absolute best ! the suite be amazing with   plasma 's , a capuccino machine , walk in wardrobe , to mention just a few features . as we have pre booked our room on the executive floor , it also allow us entry to the panorama lounge and the great benefit this provide , include all day free drink and snack , free wi fi , cocktail for   hours nightly and access to breakfast on the   floor in the restaurant with it 's incredible views . from our first night there , we encounter the best staff i have ever see at any hotel i have stay at in my numerous holiday away . from the executive lounge concierge , venus , ellen , daisy to tiffany , andrey , john , sherpa , nothing be too much trouble for these wonderful people , they really put so much effort into make our stay so very special for my father , sister and i . i can not recommend this fabulous hotel enough and the location be just perfect , right in the middle of everything . so , treat yourself to the club floor , if you can and enjoy the absolute delight that be the hotel panorama

as a   timer in hongkong i already know what i be expect in regard to size of the room , it 's smaller than park hotel 's room but not to small as rambler and other hotels  

hotel locate in great area , near the harbour and the comercial area

choose this hotel base on trip advisor rating without do a serious research . as the result pay a price  rreally disappoint   room be small , bathroom be smaller . for the family of four it be really a struggle to make a room livable . find the trace of mold in the room , but decide not to make a big deal of it . the only plus of our stay be the excellent restaurant on the   floor

stay twice this summer , both end of flight to canada . such a pleasure ! nice rooms , with the trademark corner floor to ceiling windows . we pay extra once for a high harbor view   very nice , but not essential . the second stay be lower , with little view   still a lovely stay . so , i would recommend buy the view once ! room have lovely   good sized bathroom   be sure to ask for a tub , if that be what you want

stay at hotel panorama for   night in july   from the minute we arrive we be treat like royalty . we book   superior platinum rooms with interconnect door   which we get , as we travel with young children . although the rooms be small i believe this be the norm in hong kong ! we have a private check in which be quick and hassle free . our view of the harbour be great both by day and by night

stay here for   night in july . request to upgrade to platinum room and pay singapore dollar about     more extra per night . seem a bit expensive for the upgrade since the rooms be of the same size except that we be on the   floor with   direct lift serve only from floor   upwards , and a great view of the hong kong harbour skyline with no blockage

my partner and i just get back from stay   nights . from the moment we arrive , we be treat very well . as i have book a deluxe harbour view room with access to the club lounge , we be take to the express elevator and sign in on the   floor . our plane have arrive in at   and while we weren ‚ Ä ô t expect a room that early , we be hope and our room be ready for us

i have book a gold deluxe room , the view be not really fantastic . i be expect a better view , but be give a partial see view and partial roof top view of old building   which be not very appealing . location be not very convenience even though there be a subway station nearby , we still have to walk about   to the tsimshatsui station to catch a train . even in the morning , where we be still very fresh     energetic , we feel tired after the long walk , its drain us up . to make things worst , we have to carry our big     heavy shopping bag     drag our tiresome body back to the hotel

i stay at the panorama by rhombus for three night en route to sydney and i be very impress

after reading review on this hotel , i expect much better . like everyone else , i agree that the rooms be small . the view be nice but it be obstructed . the service be just so so . the breakfast be sparse . for the the amount pay for the room , i expect it to wow me . the hotel be not bad . i would recommend others stay here , but i will keep search for a better alternative

love this hotel , start off on the right note as we get upgrade to a platinum room when we arrive that have a harbour view . room be just the right size , not to big or small . large bed , one of the most comfortable i have sleep in . location be fantastic , mtr around the corner , walk distance to nathan road , bars around the corner and great little place to eat a short walk away . bathroom be small but clean and restock with goody every day , free newspaper deliver to the door every morning , effiecient room service   i really ca n't fault it

if you be not particular with the quality of serivce and do n't mind not have the feel of luxurious    and you be a shopping diva , you will find this be a great hotel as it location be right in the center of tsim sha tsui . within walk distance , you be in nathan road , cameron road and all the famous shopping district

i stay in hotel panorama for   days during july . we be upgrade to a platinum deluxe room when we book a gold deluxe room . the view be breathtaking . and also when you go up to the roof top garden , it 's like a postcard view at night . the only problem be the golf green be close for renovation , so there be no party on the roof

stay just one night , that be enough

the only thing that might be a problem be the size of the rooms . the single occupancy room i have at first be small . that say , the rooms still have everything you 'd expect from the much more expensive   + star hotel a few block away . moreover , the minimalist line and the super efficient use of space make size a non issue , unless one be very heavy set

stay for   night in june when i visit friend in hk . great location and friendly staff . get lucky and be upgrade to a platinum room with full harbour view . if you can afford it go for it , it 's lovely . like the furniture and the stylish bathroom

i stay at the hotel panorama from june   for a long weekend break in hong kong and i have to say it be by far the best hotel i have stay at

we stay at the hotel panorama last month , may   it be a modern hotel and have above average amenities . it be locate just a couple of minutes walk from nathan road very close to holiday inn

a large party from australia , we be treat to excellent service and care at this hotel . great value , stunning view and superb customer attention greet us at panorama . assistance with elderly traveller , early checkin , upgrade and meticulous cleanliness make this trip more than memorable . it 's central location , proximity to transport,bars , shopping and laundry , as well as   store suit our purpose admirably . the staff be attentive from the desk staff to the housemaid and consiege and doormen  treatment of guest be faultless . the bar , restaurant and organize roof event run efficiently and deliver all we hope for . we will definitely return

the panorama be recommend by my travel agent as be a reasonably price hotel in kowloon . it turn out to be just that , but not much else

very nice and modern hotel . love the open park balcony at the   floor . i request a room with   double bed rare in hong kong because we be a family and get it . they also upgrade us free . staff be very friendly and the manager also offer my daughter ice cream while we be wait for our room in the lobby . hotel be very convinient and near to everything . highly recommend

from start to finish the stff at reception     the breakfast room be excellent . the premie and location be good . our only problem wa with the main restaurant on the upper floors . the staff , though lovely , and tryng to be helpful , they do n't really havea clue

normally stay with a sister hotel of this group , lkf on hk island but book late and they be full already ! this time stay at hotel panorama in tst , kowloon and be amaze at the view available from guest rooms . hotel seem to be locate in the business district but as there be a height restriction on older building due to the previous aiport locate at     kai tak    and panorama have tower over them all with magnificent full view of victoria harbour . hotel have a sky garden on   , open air and perfect to get a few trip shots that be good enough for printing postcard , restaurant be only a floor below so you can imagine the trend here     food be great , excellent seafood and beef tenderloin the way it should be cooked . if you be on a budget they do have standard rooms available but if like me you be on business , book a platinum room which come with access to the club lounge , all the benefit and you guess it , a view that impress any new client or associate . would recommened for anyone need to do business on kowloon side , or for a leisure visit as well price and in mint condition they be celebrate only their first anniversary

we book for   night in mid april and get a great deal through booking com

love his hotel . it 's romantic , it 's clean , higher floor be a real gem   even the toiletry be split to guy gal white   black , a great break to be spending with your love one

i have stay at the hotel panorama several times since it open in   my experience each time have be great . i travel to hong kong several times per year for business , and have stay at most of the better hotel in the tst area in hk . be brand new , the hotel be clean , modern and best of all do not reek of smoke . my old complaint about the hotel be the lack of a fitness center    however they recently add a full gym with all precor equipment . the only negative be that the gym be in a separate building , but it open at       be and stay open until late at night . the rooms be really tight unless you get a corner room . the corner room have a larger bathroom and bath tub . however the middle rooms have the tiniest shower stall ever create and if you be a full size american you will bump your elbow at least once each time you shower . the staff be very accomodating and you should definitely stop by the lucia restaurant and have a martini at the bar . it 's tough to get a taxi out front , but if you be willing to walk around the corner you can easily flag a taxi on the street . overall this be a really good value and generally i find the price of this hotel be lower than hotel of equal status in the area . do n't try book a room on their website   the website always show the rooms be full . email their reservation department and request pricing and availability for your anticipate date of travel and you will get much better service . the only con be   some of the rooms be too small , no wireless internet , and the internet that be available require a fee

the view from the hotel room be superb . even the ride on the bullet lift to the hotel room be such an enjoyment as the harbour view be breathtaking

the view overlook the harbor be spectacular . service go above and beyond . room be a little small  but we be inhong kong , afterall . hip , modern amenities and decor . the overlook on the   ? have an unvbeliebvable view

stay at the hotel panorama for   night in early march . very easy to get from the airport to the hotel via the airport express . get off at the kowloon stop and then take the airport express shuttle bus , i forget the number but it be the same shuttle that stop at the pennisula

we stay at the panorama for   nights . the hotel be fantastic , i ca n't really fault anything about it . we book the platinum room which include the business lounge breakfast and we get harbour view   which be excellent

hotel panorama be locate in a very good spot for people who like to sight see by themselves , the hotel be just a   minute walk from the tsimsha tsui exit n , so travel around be very convenient . if you like to visit the hongkong side , the star ferry terminal be about a   minute indoor walk from our exit n , the hongkong science museum be about a   minute walk also . and ¬ † i think this subway exit be relatively new because it have a lift which be very friendly to disabled people and those who have big luggages . the airport express complimentary shuttle   stop in front of the hotel every so often so head back to the airport be a cinch , if you opt to take the cheaper alternative to the airport , you can go via the subway and look for tsim sha tsuir exit   , because across it be the haipong road where the be cityflyer airport bus stop

we stay one week at this hotel in march   and be upgrade from silver to platinum room on the   floor . the view be really great ! the room be decorate in good scandinavian taste and be very clean . if you be not really oversized the room size be fine for two adults . there be a bar restaurant on the   floor with pleasant bartender to chat and get some good tip for your vacation . in my opinion , the hotel ¬ ¥ s official www pages really give a true picture of what to expect visit hotel panorama by rhombus

once again , thanks to ta member who give us a head up that these rooms be small

we stay at the hotel panorama for   night in february . arrive late at night we catch the   bus from the airport and with the help of local manage to find the hotel off nathan road . the location of the hotel be tsim sha tsui and be excellent being an easy walk to both star ferry terminal and the harbour . we book the winter package and be upgrade to a superior gold room on the   floor with two queen size beds . the room have excellent view of the city and victoria harbour . although our room be not overly large it be certainly modern , clean and new . breakfast in cafe express be excellent and include dim sum . on our last day we we opt for buffet lunch in the santa lucia dine room on the   floor the food be present to a high standard . all the hotel staff be excellent and provide a very high standard of customer service

we stay at the hotel panorama by rhombus in hong kong for   night in march . the hotel be well situate on the kowloon side of the harbor . we have reserve a deluxe gold category of room because these have unobstructed harbor views . we pay     include daily breakfast . we also purchase airport pick up for an additional     the airport service be arrange through a travel agency and you will be pick up by a bus and transport with other client to several hotels  although we be the first stop . upon arrival we be upgrade to platinum which simply mean that the room have more amenities . this hotel be recently open and as such be in very good condition . the rooms themselves be quite small by american standard ‚ Ä ì about   x   feet . there be a fairly small bathroom with a shower stall . the room contain a whopping flat panel television on the desk too big for the space a mini fridge , robe and slipper , datum port , dock station , safe , good air conditioning and lots of other knick knacks . in fact there be too much ‚ Ä ú stuff ‚ Ä ù sit around and we end up put most of it away . closet space be quite limited . the breakfast feature a good variety of foods  fruit , cereal , bread , yogurt , eggs and meat and be open from   we also enjoy dinner at the hotel lobby restaurant one night there be   restaurant , the lobby restaurant be asian and the other be italian . the chinese food be very good and the service be excellent . the best thing about this hotel be the views  they be spectacular ! we could see all of the hong kong skyline from our room or we could if it have not be so foggy . there be also an open deck on the   floor where you can go to enjoy view of the city and practice put really   it be only open to guest and they don ‚ Ä ô t mention it to you when you check in . we go up in the evening to have a drink and relax in a quiet atmosphere . from the hotel it be also a   minute walk to the ‚ Ä ú avenue of the star ‚ Ä ù and the harbor promenade where you can watch the light show each night a   , this be also a fun place to hang out . it be close to nathan road for shopping and   minutes by taxi to the jade market and the temple street night market . there be no pool at this hotel

my fiance and i stay in this hotel for   night during february . we both love this hotel . it 's clean , great location and staff be very helpful and friendly . only one negative about this hotel be the size of the room and the bathroom . we book the superior platium with full view of victoria harbor . however , when we walk in the room . it be suprise us that the size be a bit petit and mini . anyway , we really have great time to stay in this hotel . we 'll come back to it when we visit hong kong again

hotel panorama , as of date , february   , be one of the newest hotel in the tsim sha tsui area . that be say , it have newer , more modern rooms , well thought out lay outs and a generally efficient demeanor that say well researched and tastefully concoct in that subdue 'beige ' way . there be no big surprise from this hotel  everything be spic and span , from the efficient business like lobby , to the simple and hard working rooms

my wife     i have a superior gold room on the   floor , for   night in early february . this be our   visit to hong kong     the smallest hotel room we 'd experience   only one person at a time could move in comfort in both the room     bathroom . there be also some minor maintenance issue   one wardrobe door would n't close completely , the shower leak     there be grout miss from some of the tile in the bathroom , while there be small area where the grout be badly discoloured . our harbour view   especially the view to central admiralty wanchai   be block by a taller building , although we could see most of the western end of the harbour without interruption . light in the room be substandard     it be difficult to read in bed , due to the placement of the fitting     strength of the globes . if you need to use a telephone , i 'd suggest not use those in room , as   local call cost me     on the positive side of things , the staff be friendly     helpful at all times     the hotel be only a   walk to tst east , with it 's range of restaurant     almost total absence of people want to sell you a suit , shirt , copy watch , handbag etc . it be also take about the same time to walk to nathan road . the free shuttle bus to kowloon station stop alongside the hotel entrance     there 's an entrance to the tst     tst east mtr stations less than   minutes walk from the hotel main door

stay at hotel panorama for a week   room   be an end room which mean that we do n't hear any people traffic from the elevator the hallway be quite narrow so noisy guest could be an issue . our room contain   double bed , and yes hk rooms be small compare to others , but we find the room work well for us . bed be comfortable , light block curtain a must for me . our bathroom be a corner one have magnificent view over victoria harbour . the hotel location can be a bit tricky , however a local map of the area be all thats needed . mtr station at the corner so , no problem get around , take the airport express train then shuttle bus all include in the pricehk     for   one way , not bother with a

lovely , clean hotel with outstanding view across hong kong harbour . knowledgeable , friendly staff who be a pleasure to deal with

i be always amaze by reviewer who write more about the breakfast at hotel , than the location or service . as if you be go to hong kong to stay at the hotel eat breakfast

i book this hotel through the hotel 's web site in aug .   i be request the two of double beds . that be the main reason what i choose this hotel . bc it do n't have too many hotel provide two of double bed in hk . in asia , most of them only provide two twin bed

i be in hong kong for christmas with my friend and we stay at hotel panorama by rhombus from   to   dec   for   nights . we like this hotel and it be a pleasant stay experience

little room with high price , old room only the bathroom be new smell of dust , very impolite staff ! ! only the view be beautiful

i stay at this hotel for   night in january ,   the hotel be in a convenient location in tst , though it be tuck in amongst a jumble of side street , make it a little difficult to find on foot . it look very new and all the staff i encounter be extremely helpful and friendly , like they be work in a   star hotel . my room be on the   floor face the harbour . the room be small but it be hk ! with two single beds . it have a nice flat screen tv . internet access be expensive in my opinion ,     for wire and     for wireless . i think it be include with the more expensive rooms i have a superior gold . very nice bed and fluffy duvets . the bathroom be also nice and feature a shower with great water pressure . overall , i have no complaint about this hotel . note there be a         service charge    on top of your quote rate

i stay at hotel panorama for xmas   same with the other writer , the first night we be send over to a     service department    due to some electrical problem they had . upon return , they upgrade our room from deluxe gold to platinum . we do come back for another week of stay and end up at the deluxe gold floor also . the main difference be the partially obstruct view with the deluxe gold . the platinum floor give you a completely unobstructed view of victoria habour , which be quite spectacular . i would say the deluxe gold floor be not bad even though from certain angle you would see another building block the view . the platinum floor also give you access to the executive lounge with free internet and complimentary drink . there be plenty of things to do within walk distance from the hotel . the decor be slick and modern . i 'd like to add that the service from the staff be simply outstanding . i have the misfortune of lose my wallet in a taxi with all id and credit card inside . the front desk staff be able to reassure me and help me contact the taxi broadcaster , low and behold the taxi driver call back and i be able to get my wallet back

we be really happy with our book at the panorama over the xmas ny period . it represent good value for the great view and service that we receive as part of the deluxe platinum harbour view package . this include a bottle of wine on arrival , a room with view over the harbour ,   hkd of room service credit , club lounge benefit , buffet breakfast and private check in . although this come at a higher price than the standard rooms , its well worth it . i do n't think i would have enjoy my stay as much without the extra benefit

this be a very good hotel , clean , very helpful staff , very comfortable , although small rooms . good location . would always come back here again

we spend our new year in hong kong and choose this hotel because of the proximity to various key area in tst which you can do with ample walking . kowloon park be just a   minute walk by way of haiphong road and from there you can easily go to the china hk city ferry terminal where you can easily take a ferry to macau . the tst promenade be also walk distance where you can go to the avenue of the star , hk space museum , clock tower , etc

have a bit of problem initially in check in when the hotel claim that certain level of the hotel do not have power supply . hence they move us to another hotel promising us that the next day when we check into panorama , we will be duly compensated . what really surprise us be that they make a good service recovery when we check into the hotel   they upgrade our room to platinum room with a harbour view and complimentary breakfast

one of the previous reviewer seem unsure how they feel about this hotel . that 's me too

be a little apprehensive at first as this be the first time i be use panorama hotel and some of the recent review be not great . however , i be happy with my overall experience and will definitely consider use panorama hotel again for my next visit

if this be only the   best hotel in hong kong , then some of the finest hotel operator must have save their best work for this tiny part of chinese territory

hotel be at good location to shop and foods . the hotel staff be fantastic , friendly , informative and helpful all the time . the room be very cosy but not very big , anyway that be the normal size of hotel in hong kong

from my room , there be a wonderful view of the hong kong skyline . this view be even more lovely at night . on the   storey of the hotel , there be even a gallery for guest to have an unblock view of the harbour

i have be to hk for personal and business trip and stay at place from ywca to conrad     but nothing beats this atrocious experience at panorama tst    gt       sorry , your room be only ready at   ! !  

we reserve a platinum room and be upgrade to a suite on the   floor . the room be very big   seperate live room , and huge closet

the hotel location be not bad , though most building in the area be quite old , the view be good on the high level but on the lower level you see a lot of old building that need to be renovated . the room shape be long and skinny , to maximize view i think , it make the room really crowd and you can not walk pass the desk if someone be sit in it

i have mix feelings about this hotel . there be some very good point about it , like the view of hong kong harbour , but there be also some annoy quality , mainly relate to design

stay   to   november and as per the previous recent review i can thoroughly recommend this hotel . small bedroom but clean and well maintain each day . we be on   floor in fantastic harbour view room . we have an offer of a free breakfast throw in in the cafe express each morning . again this be of a really good standard . as for hotel location , well we take a little time to find it but thats probably just us and the tire   hour journey . next morning we find that we have walk all the way round the back street to get there when we should have go the opposite way which be a   minute walk from the hotel . must recommend the laundry shop across the road from the hotel , ` happy ` cleaners . hotel laundry be very expensive so we do a couple of trip to the lady at happy cleaners .   bag of wash for   quid . great value ! hotel be a short walk away from most location , eg nathon road for shop , star ferry , avenue of the star , etc etc . mtr station as mention round the corner and so cheap and easy to use . well we do get lose a few times but soon get use to it . mongkok market be two stop away . think this be probably the best market we visited . other touristy things we do during the   day trip be a trip up to the peak summit , the cable car ride at ngong ping mtr station be near the citygate outlet shop star ferry and a trip on the bus to stanley market . thoroughly enjoy all these trip especially recommend the cable car ride . the view over hong kong and the airport be absolutely fantastic

stay at the panorama last week     group of seven of us , four rooms doubles twins

we have a good deal for this hotel via the site opodo . it be very central and convenient in kowloon , clean and new . we book a room in the higher floor   with harbour view and it be definitively worth the extra money

i book this hotel through expedia , and have only see online picture , be a bit nervous on arrival . these nerves be not dissipate by the fact the taxi driver have trouble find the hotel , and drop me off on a backstreet of tst  however as soon as i walk into the lobby i be impress

very nice place , great staff , the only thing that i do n't like be the price for drink , snack out of the refrigerator in the room ,         for a can of pop ? and wireless ,     an hour for wireless     a day ? take away from an otherwise great place . would be   star have not for that

i will definitely come back to this hotel . it be a new hotel ! the entrance to the mrt be   meter away and there be several great restaurant near the hotel spring deer be just across the street from the hotel  i stay in a standard room which be a little bit bigger than your avarage hong kong hotel . they have big bathroom and the nicest bed , softest pillow and softest sheet ! ! ! ! ! ! the staff be very helpful too

we be in hk for a   stopover en route from taipei to london and choose the panorama base on its location and price , and what an excellent choice it prove to be

the stay in the hotel be something i would like to share with all the people who be consider this as an option for thier next stay in the region . the room we take be on the gold floor get it upgarded from a slver room that come with the package , the price of upgradation not include all the basic top ups a hotel which be five star would give for the guest stay in such a category of room

such a lovely hotel ! after have a rough ride on the ferry from macau   still dizzy and tired , the hotel panorama be a great relax experience upon enter the hotel . check in be easy , delivery of our luggage to our room be also fast . i request for a corner room with a harbor view and they fulfil what i requested . the room be so clean , bed be so comfy , pillow , comforter be so soft , bedroom slipper be so plush and even the towel be so thick and soft . the interior of the room be nicely do in the modern minimalist look . surprise of all be the ipod dock in the room

we have miss our flight out of hong kong and we do not know where we should overnight  with a baby ! the concierge service in the hong kong airport recommend this hotel . tired and very very exasperate we do not have very high expectations . however our spirits rise upon arrival to a very prompt and courteous reception . the room have plush plush carpet . the most comfortable bed we have ever sleep in ! the attention to detail make the stay very pleasurable . i highly recommend this hotel . the only drawback be that our room smell of smoke . we be tell that it be a non smoking room . should we ever go back to hong kong we would stay at this hotel

my partner and i stay here for four nights . we book the hotel over the hotel website and pay at the same time

i choose this hotel because it be competitively priced,considering it have harbour view and appear to be in a location . i be very please with my choice . this be my first trip to hong kong and as i be on my own i want a decent place to stay . the hotel be in a great location , down a quiet side street but only a couple of minutes walk to nathan road and just second away from the mtr . the harbour front and star ferry be within walk distance , as be the harbour city mall . i book a superior gold room on the hotel 's own website but be upgrade to a room on the   floor platinum room on arrival . my room be spacious , very clean , modern and contemporary , with a large corner window from which i have great view over the harbour to the island and the peak . the bathroom be lovely with a separate bath and shower   only minor complaint be the very small bath   ok for me , but if my husband have be there he would have struggle ! in room amenities be good   robe , slipper , kettle etc . avoid the mini bar   i have a packet of lay chips only to find they cost   hkd which be about   pound   ! i buy the same chips in the supermarket for   hkd ! room service be pricey but the food and service be good . the fine dine restaurant on the   floor look particularly nice   shame i do n't get chance to try it out ! staff at the hotel be all very pleasant , the guy on the concierge desk in particular be always very helpful and attentive and sort out my travel booking efficiently . for a mid price , contemporary hotel in a good location in tst , with great view , you really ca n't go wrong with this hotel

stay for a cool   days   night between   sept   to   sept  

we stay at the hotel fr   sep   to   sep   and be very happy with stay in this hotel . when check in on   sep   , the counter staff , jenny , be very helpful with my request . the service be very good . hotel room very clean . thank you very much , panorama hong kong



my partner and i just come back from a   days stay at hotel panorama 's deluxe platinum room

my partner and i stay at this hotel from   august  

i have stay in probably   different hotel in hong kong . the panorama by rhombus be definitely one of the top   i get a great promotional rate as the building be still partly under construction , just under     we be also upgrade to a club room which have incredible view of the hong kong skyline and be quite spacious by hong kong standards . the room be very modern , with ipod dock station not iphone compatible though , the obligatory flat panel tv , soft bed , and a beautiful bathroom that face the harbor . other amenities include a rooftop area with ping pong table for great evening view and a good location in east tsim sha tui . service be fast and courteous as well . would definitely recommend

stay here for   , take a deluxe gold room . we be give a room on the   floor , the view of the harbour be nice except that there be some old building in front of the harbour that kinda ruin the overall view . room be pretty small , but gorgeous with mirror around which make the room seem bigger . bed be very very comfortable , we love it . bathroom be anyway , averagely small . we have complimentary breakfast during our stay there , on the   floor , santa lucia restaurant , breakfast be pretty good , offering both western and chinese cuisine . we be able to enjoy a better view of the harbour during breakfast on the   floor . the last night of our stay there , we be give some cookie and milk before bed , do not try them though as we be exhaust from the day . this hotel be very close to the tsim sha tsui station tsuen wan line , about   walk , which make the transportation very easy for us . would definitely stay here again . we do recommend to reserve your room on the high floor gold floor and above if you would prefer to have a nice harbour view during your

we stay for   night and we love it . it 's not locate along the main road but you can walk to nathan road or canton road for serious shopping . our room be really nice and spacious , compare to the other hong kong hotel that we viewed . the socket in the rooms be   but housekeep can provide adaptor if you need to plug your laptop or celfone . you can go up to the sky garden to watch the symphony of light at   or smoke or play table tennis or practice a little and i mean a little putting . the staff be always pleasant and very helpful though not all can speak fluent english

good location . excelent rooms , very clean bathrooms . excelent choice for hong

we stay for   night in panorama hotel in june   we pay ¬ £   per night for a roh room book through wired com   slight problem when checking in as book have not be transmit to hotel correctly and our request for a double bed have not be made . reception say they would upgrade us because we be stay     for such a long time    and also to accommodate the requirement for a double bed . we end up on a gold standard floor in room   room be not overly large , but then again this be hong kong and for ¬ £   a night be a bargain . the view over the harbour be excellent from the room   better still from the roof garden and the restaurant on the   and   floor respectively . hotel be spotlessly clean , bed pillows quilt be comfortable , bathroom be like the tardis !   small and shower only but clever design and mirror make it seem much larger than it really be , and it be perfecltly adequate . plenty of storage , decent hairdryer and toiletry supply

during our corporate out we stay in this rather new hotel . very beautiful view from our rooms . although the small space the hotel be very comfortable to stay in . staff very friendly . breakfast be a delight . it be very near to the mtr station with lots of shop and restaurant around the block . definitely would recommend to others who would like to visit hong kong

we check in at   but with no rooms available and have to wait till   + pm till they manage to provide us an upgrade which be a common practice across the industry so nothing excellent to comment but front desk staff eileen 's attitude be terrible on both check in and check out occasions

hotel panorama be highly recommend by my agent , at first i be hesitant to try it since i want a hotel that i already know , it turn out i make the right choice in try out the hotel . panorama be the best hotel i ever stay in hongkong , good location , bigger rooms , bigger bed and excellent staff . though the bathroom be not that big , its still reasonably size for hongkong standard . i also give them a thumb up when they take time to send me a thank you letter because i fill up their comment card . hope they continue keep up to their high standards . just a minor comment , do n't forget to refill or replace the toiletry daily , on our last night some of them be not refill   replace

excellent location in tsim sha tsui and central for get everywhere by mtr

we stay at this hotel for   night in march . the hotel be in a fantastic location ,   min from the subway and a few min walk to the various shop etc . nathan rd be about   min walk

stay her in december   , just after christmas     the property be in its soft open phase . the location be great beside a metro station on the kowloon side of hong kong . the entire property include the   floor roof terrace be construct with the highest quality material and although it have the look of an office tower block , when you arrive into your bedroom , you will not be dissappointed with the technology , the facility or the view . the hotel have limited restaurant     bar space , but all of hong kong be on the doorstep with all the amazing variety of restaurant     food product you would expect . the location be excellent     be just a   minute walk from the world famous peninsula hotel . give this hotel a few more month     this will be thee place to stay on this side of the river

we stay   night at the hotel panorama . this be a brand new hotel , the location be excellent and be locate across a mini square from kowloon shangri la , with the subway station a few steps away . as with other reviewer , it take a while to actually walk underground to get to the actual subway car , but it be better to walk underground where it be airconditioned , than above ground where it be not . some of our friend tell us to stay on the kowloon side , but next time , i would prefer to stay on the hk island side

hotel panorama be nothing like any of the hotel i have ever stay in   and my husband and i do out fair share of   star hotel     restaurant

as a frequent guest of the holiday inn golden mile , i notice that rhombus open another hotel , this time in tst , hkg . i have stay at the lkf by rhombus and find it a great experience . so this time , i choose the panorama , over my usual choice of the hi as it be just a stonethrow and convenient to the office of our business partner in tst

we stay for     to attend a trade fair . upon check in , we be give a room on the smoking floor we be not advise about this . since we do n't smoke , we ask to be transfer since the room smell of cigarette smoke . we be transfer to a room with an awful smell like somebody throw up and it become worse the longer you stayed . we be give a room spray that do not help much . we have to sleep in that room since the hotel say that it be fully booked . the follow morning , we talk to the manager and be tell the matter would be resolved . when we return to our room at night , the smell be worse . we ask to be transfer and we be transfer to a room on a higher floor . however , the mini bar refrigerator do n't work . the next day , we talk to the manager and ask for a refund or some arrangement to compensate for what happen during our stay . the manager refuse say the hotel address the situation by give us a room on a higher floor supposedly an upgrade but perhaps it be the only available room at that time . the hotel seem not to have adequate quality controls . we feel that the hotel be indifferent to our feelings and be definitely not guest friendly

very nice hotel , beautifully appointed . linen be particularly nice . staff very nice and helpful . room be a bit small and look out on an alley . also , we book specifically because they have an exercise room and internet access . however , the exercise room have not yet be build , and internet access be not available at the tripadvisor rate

book a premium platinum room with club privleges . room be fantastic with a great view of victoria harbour . staff very helpful and in room check in be a nice touch

we be a big group of   people and stay in silver and gold rooms for   night   days   nov     nov . i must say that the staff be very kind and helpful ! every question we have they be able to answer right away , they seem knowledgeable and easy to communicate with , despite the accent hurdle that we usually experience in hk . the hotel have a modern feel to it , rooms be just the right size and the double bed be big . the corner rooms have bayviews in the bathroom and be very relaxing . housekeep go the extra mile and would organize our rooms in the morning , not just cleaning up ! every night turn down service be excellent as well . location wise it be near nathan road and walk distance to ocean terminal . beside the hotel street be also an mtr entrance ! overall it be a great experience and we would definitely like to come back . i just regret not be able to save picture of the rooms before my camera memory stick go crazy

i stay at hotel panorama for   night during their     soft opening   

