once you get off the street and ritde the elevator to the lobby your opinion ca n't bee too great . however once you get into your room you will be imprssed with the high quality finishing and style throughout . only beef be the bed not super soft . note great look pool also . always nice to stay at at brand new

i stay at the hyatt for   night and get a very good deal on the internet , approx . us     per night out the door include taxes . i be happy with my stay overall . the room be on the   floor . i find it to be very comfortable , clean , quiet and ok size room for one person or a couple . the breakfast buffet be good , not great   consist of limited selection of dim sum , congee , jap breakfast , noodle , eggs , meat , fruit , yogurt cereal , juice , etc . since i prepaid my room , it do not come with the free buffet . i pay us     for the breakfast buffet which i think be expensive . i also order room service and they have a very limited menu . room service be expensive and in my opinion the food portion quality be not that good . back to the size of the room , i order room service and the cart could not be wheel into the room because the room hallway be so narrow , with my lugguage block it

we be just complete a four night stay at the hyatt tsim sha tsui . we will be back

i would recommend this hotel for a businessman or a couple who rarely spend time in the hotel but need a very nice classy room to stay in and not pay top dollar for it . the price of the room be reasonable compare to other neighbour   star hotel that have same or better quality grand hyatt . but you must , at any cost , get a room with a view coz i view the other rooms in the hotel include suit and they face other very nearby building and let me tell you , the view be not great at all . i love the service , the staff be really nice and friendly . food be ok . i take a room with a view at the club lounge level   floor . the lounge be ok . the room have everything a businessman or couple would need include nice desk with wireless and wire internet . and not to forget the amazing espresso machine which be really nice to be offer free of charge . the bathroom be amazing with an open window overlook the bedroom and overlook the view of the harbour . very nice at night especially if you be take a shower and look at the amazing view . the only not so ok thing be that you have to switch elevator to go to the lobby level then take another elevator to the rooms floors . oh , and there be no gym or pool yet as it be still under construction , but the hotel give you access to a nice public gym which be not a   star gym but clean and you can get a decent work out there , about   minutes walk distance . some of the hotel restaurant be not open yet , the lobby restaurant have a nice variety buffet , so you should be ok for a meal or two . for transportation , avoid take taxis if you can as traffic can be a nightmare especially during rush hour , use the tube metro which be right outside the hotel main entrance and it â € ™ s very easy to use as everything be map in english and the ticket system be super easy just touch your destination on the map and the fee will be display , pay it and here come your ticket , it â € ™ s that simple . there be many shopping mall in the area and i recommend the harbour city mall which be   to   minutes walk from the hotel . i have attach a video of the room and some pick to give you an idea . enjoy your stay

this hotel just open in oct .   , and replace the old hyatt regency that be tear down two years ago . it be more high tech , although the entrance be not easy to find , and the lobby be on the   floor . the service be good , and when i check in on my birthday , management send up a cake

the hyatt tsim sha tsui just opened . i stay in a regency club suite harbour view . magnificent view and sunrise . if you do n't want to see it keep the curtain closed . lovely suite . elegant marble bathroom .   star all the way

we stay for night at the newly open hyatt regency in mody road . the location be very convienient , with the mtr just steps outside the hotel . we visit hongkong once a year and have be stay at different hotel but we do n't have the feeling that we would like to go back to the same hotel again . but with hyatt regency , the staff make you feel welcome and they be friendly , always give you a smile no matter if they be just hold the lift door for you

stay during the official grand open of the hotel for   days . first , the good

the new hyatt regency tst just open a couple of days before my stay . it 's facility be ok but nothing impressive compare to other hyatts in asia or other nearby hotels . its price be reasonable and location convenient but the hotel be really poorly design   the car entrance be on level   , the lobby be on level   and the street entrance for walk in guest be so small that you may not find it at all . so far the hotel be lack a gym , business center , bar and only offer a choice of   buffet restaurant . furthermore the shopping mall on which the hotel stand be not open yet . if you consider stay in tst for the same price i 'd recommend the langham instead for now

we decide to try this newly open property . have stay in most of the   + hotel in hong kong   this one be attractively price and conveniently located . the   + star rating by traveladvisor be on the high side  first , an important aspect to any highly rate property be the ease and convenience of gain access . we be diriven from the airport to the hotel by hyatt 's car   hkd . we be desposited   story underground , then take by elevator to the   floor where the lobby be located . not an impressive start . in order to get to the street level from your room , you need to reach the lobby and take another elevator the   floor down to street level ! one 's initial impression of a property be its lobby . not here . you feel like you have come to a ymca . there be just two bench style seats in the entire lobby . enough room for about   people ! the rest of the space be leave void of anything , save a few plants . i am not an architect , but the design seem outrageously stupid . clearly , they choose to locate the lobby on another floor so that street level space could be devote to retail . the rooms be adequate in size for hong kong   but not any larger than a super   in the states . all the bascis one would expect of a   start hotel be here , so there be nothing unique to report

i recently stay at this hyatt on a recent trip to hong kong . the rooms be wonderful with a comfortable bed and shower , great bath product , and a nice new tv . the internet connection work well and i love the location . their breakfast buffet be very good with great coffee and their breakfast roll be the best i find in hong kong . the big downside for me be that the pool be close and the gym be not complete . they have access to a gym about   minutes away but that gym do not open until       am . when i travel from the us i find myself wide awake around   be and i really enjoy working out during that time . because of this , i check out early and go to a different hotel . with all that say , i would return to this location once the gym be complete

on arrival by taxi from the airport we be enthusistically greet by the hyatt team who immediately open the door of the car,handled our luggage and we be whisk to the check in desk locate on another level . already impress by the warm greeting,we be once again make to feel very welcome by the efficient check in staff and then personally escort to the room by the duty manager . we head for the lounge next and be indeed impress that the lounge staff know our names and we be tell that we be special guests . of course we feel honor

this be an new hotel good decor good rooms and good staff . but some how i not understand or like any hotel which have a lobby on the   or the   floor and change   elevator to reach to your room  it feel more like a apartment then a hotel rest every thing be ok the lobby be small and the breakfast spread be ok not good or not bad . nothing very good about the hotel i would suggest holidayinn goldenmile be better locate and bigger rooms even the lobby also langham hotel be better as all these hotel tariff be near about the

stay for one night to attend a trade show

this be a brand new hotel , have open in early october ,  

hyatt regency tst be very similar to hyatt regency shatin

