book a regency club room via the hyatt gold passport website and request dvd player and late check out . within a day , an e mail be send to me note the dvd player and type of bed request be confirmed . upon arrival at the street level check in counter , i be adviced that regency club room guest have a dedicate counter in the club lounge for an exclusive check in so a very polite member of their staff escort me up to the   floor for just that

i love this hotel . the rooms be spacious , spotless , modern , stylish , and well appointed . i come to hong kong on a business trip and be a bit put off by have to stay out in the middle of nowhere , but one look at the room change my mind . i really enjoy the room , but the breakfast , the fitness center , and the restaurant be all great as well . big thumb up

we stay here for two week with several young child while i be visit my parents . overall an excellent value for the money   i 'd definitely recommend this hotel . extended stay suite be very spacious with beautiful view   staff be quite helpful and friendly . lots of nice amenities for extended stay travelers  wonderful fitness center , heated saltwater pool with a large shallow end for kid , playground on site , free dvd selection in business center , discount for longer term guest on hotel services . close proximity to mtr station make get to other sights in the city relatively painless , even with several children . only downside be higher than normal internet fee and a hotel air circulation system that would occasionally leave unusual scent in our rooms

stay here for   night during a business trip . book a mountain view king room   and use one of my upgrade to their regency suite king as a diamond member

i justed stay at this hotel for the first time . hotel be very nice and facility you would expect with a hyatt . location be ok . nothing in the area to do . the mtr station be right out the door

ok this be a   star

i have be to the city couple times before . but this hotel be really different from where i stayed . although it be not locate in the business district , it take only   to reach the hotel from the airport , just as convenient as those hotel on the hk island

we stay at the hyatt for   days in total while in hong kong visit relatives . when we first enter our suite we be all in awe . there be a large spacious sit room with a kitchenette area that have every thing apart from a cooker   a dine table and chair   comfy sofa and a breath taking sea view . the two bedroom have ample room to sleep the five of us in and the best thing be that there be plasma tv in all the rooms so no fight over the remote

this hotel be simply fantastic . get a free upgrade to the club king suite on   floor which be great ! ! room be spacious and spotlessly clean . good location , only   min walk to mtr . overall , it provide a good combination of comfort , style , convenience location and price

a lovely hotel , so easy to get to from the airport , and mrt to downtown kowloon on the doorstep . also so close to go to shenzen , china for the day for some serious shopping . the regency lounge facility be just wonderful and well worth the upgrade to include breakfast and cocktails . swim pool and kid club be perfect

great hotel . friendly staff and nice location . terrace good . would stay again if on business

i go with my family to hong kong for a week . we stay for a week and be extremely satisfy with what we have gotten . the staff be courteous and helpful when we ask for assistance . the room be comfortable and we be pleasantly surprise the moment we check into the room . it be spank clean and bright

simply put , this be an excellent brand new hotel that would easily cost you twice as much if it be more centrally located . which be not to say it 's hard to get to   it 's right outside the university mtr station ~   min from tst , just take exit b , turn your head right and you 'll see the hyatt sign , although the pedestrian entrance be via the car park and partly hide by the construction site next door

we enjoy our   stay very much . we book a mountain view room through the hyatt website and be upgrade to a seaview room , where the view as glorious . cost hkd   per night

hotel be still not fully open during my stay , however , great room and courteous staff make me feel at home

this be a super classy hotel with some of the friendliest and most helful staff i have encounter ! the rooms be very luxurious , with a range of stunning amenities , and the view be superb

i have staye in the hotel for   days for the first time in hong kong it be very good hotel in hong kong it be very beautiful the stay be very good and peacefull i like stay there it be perfect spot to stay for holidays staying there be veryyyy good   

everyone be call this new baby a five star hotel in the making , and i have to disagree . first , it be absurdly difficult to get to the hotel on foot , and for that reason alone i would never recommend it . nor do the hotel do very much in the way of post sign for the benefit of pedestrian or traveler come from the nearby mtr station . when you do finally make your way there , you find that you 're enter the building along the access lane for the parking garage . that 's hardly a grand entrance . the whole message be     anyone worthwhile will surely be arrive by car or taxi   people who want to walk in off the street must be vagabonds  

this hotel have only be open since feb   and be superb value for money with attentive but not instrusive staff . there be virtually nothing i can fault , but for some the location may be a problem . it be into the new territory but even so just a   ride to downtown on the mtr that be so efficient in hong kong . the station be   from the hotel . if you want this kind of standard in a hotel either in downtown kowloon or the wanchai hong kong area you will be pay twice the price hk     v   thoroughly recommend on all point

my boyfriend and i stay at the hyatt regency sha tin prior to compete in a triathlon in the area . we arrive via the kcr and ride our bike over to the hotel . the hotel be less than   meter from the university train station . we typically stay in central or kowloon when travel to hong kong , but opt for a room in the new territory because of its proximity to the race

we arrrived at the hotel from the hong kong airport   it be directly locate at the university station on the east rail line . if you do n't have too much luggage it be no problem take the mtr but with a few suitcase it might be

upon entrance , like all hotel in hk , a warm welcome by the door staff , which be appreciate as always , since i travel a lot , so any feeling of uneasiness do not help , and they have do well again on that

hyatt regency sha tin offer excellent facilities . though the hotel be still in it 's soft open , i see that the facility to be offer would be very much competitive to other five star hotel in hk . staff be warm and friendly . the location be quite far though for leisure trip to hk

i be look forward to the opening of this hotel as i be expect its price to be low and its facility to be nice . indeed this hotel offer excellent value for money and its service be efficient and very quick just like in the grand hyatt . the restaurant be quite good and seem always crowd but the pool and spa be not open yet . the hotel be right next to the university mtr station and it will take you about   minutes to go downtown . basically it 's the perfect hotel if you 're look for   star facility with   star service at   star price but do n't mind the location

we stay at the hyatt from   to   the hotel be a new

recently open if you look for a great place to stay not so far from all the major place in town with very good travel commodity , the mtr be just a   minutes walk distance and you can rich the center in   minutes

book this via a travel agent because it be near our business stop . pleasantly surprise to find a very new     stylish hyatt with friendly but appropriately formal service . bill come to     us for one night plus a breakfast charge , which seem reasonable . book a standard room , but wonder if it be a jr . suite as it be quite large . it be very clean     have modern decor . nice gym with new equipment incluing new loaner shoes i borrow . as it 's brand new trip be march   , they be still get some kink out like fuzzy tv reception , possibly too hot sauna , pool not yet in use , not all restaurant open , construction still go on next door , guest room door slam hard , etc . however , i 'd still stay there again . location be not ideal to see hong kong proper , but the train stop be right near the hotel , and we go into hong kong one afternoon evening very easliy

great hotel within reasonable distance of airport . rooms be fabulous and service excellent . conceiage go above and beyond to help make stay great

