we stay at the ibis for two night stopover in hong kong . the location be easy to access via the north point mtr station . the room be very small even by ibis standard . the tv be locate in the most unpractical position hang over the bed , there be nothing much to watch anyway

i have know ibis as budget hotel , with simple facility , but i do n't imagine such a poor thing in hong kong 's ibis . the room be so small , we could n't even put our bag without obstracting our way out . there be absolutely nothing except of dinosaur 's era tv , and a old bed . wall be so thin , that you can hear every noise from next door . they say , that there be a nice view of hong kong harbour from hotel room , but in fact all you see be a bus interchange station and a few ship near dirty pier . staff have very little idea , what be english about , all they know be how to get to disneyland . overall , i be expect , that it will be not something special , as we be intend not to spend more on hotel , but for that kind of hotel , even cheap price look like we have be overcharged . do n't worth , really  

we stay here for bout a week , they have a nice buffet breakfast but you have to be early

bookings com have always be great and nearly accurate on rating hotels   the reason for landing in this awful place with kid on   days trip to hongkong . rooms be too small to breathe forget about move !   so what to write about bathroom ? ? . if you be excite about harbour view room   as a picture on web site show   for sure disappointment will be much more . stink carpet and long wait at elevator add on to pain

give the low price , i be n't expect much , and my expectation be met . the hotel have a fairly good location , just steps away from the northpoint mtr station . a cab into central would take around   minutes and be around hkd   , but it depend on the traffic . the most i pay in peak traffic be hkd   , it take around   minutes . do n't expect exceptional service , or any service at all . check in be swift , my only grouse be that i pay for a superior harbour view room , but all i could see be the parking lot and bus interchange . i be on the   floor , the higher floor probably have a better view . the room be tiny to a fault   if i lie down spread eagled on the floor , i could have touch all   wall with little effort . the furnish be basic , they provide an electronic safe , refrigerator , electric kettle and cable tv mainly chinese channels though . the bed be rock hard and on wheel for some reason , so everytime i turn the bed would roll a few inch

i have stay at ibis hongkong for one night before i be go to china . it be very easy to find the hotel , because it be right next to mtr , north point , exit a . unfortunately,when i be check in , one of staff be act a bit rude at me , and when i ask for non smoking room , i still get the room in floor that can smoke . that be why my room have really cover with the cigarette smell . from my opinion , except for the location , this hotel just so so hotel

my wife and i stay for four night at the ibis north point . have stay at several of the chain 's hotel in germany i can say that the room here be somewhat smaller and the bathroom particularly so . the shower stall be about a meter square which mean the shower curtain will cling to your butt , and we 're not big people . as for food , if you 're not intimidate by working class eatery with chinese only signage then you wo n't go hungry , but otherwise you 'll be dine on   fare . the good thing be the transportation   you be steps away from the north point mtr station , the north point bus station direct bus to stanley , repulse bay , hk airport and about a block away from the tram . plus , the ibis enable us to stay on hk island for us     if i want to stay on hk island again , i 'd look hard at alternative but i can see us return to this hotel

well locate and very affordable . breakfast be not wort it . not immaculate either but i guess it 's hong kong . would recommand with a yellow flag

this hotel be in a fantastic location for the overseas traveller . it be the last stop for the   city flyer bus from the airport so you ca n't go wrong and it be two minutes from mtr station . but   the room be so small it be claustrophobic . we have actually pay for an upgrade and a double bed so i ca n't imagine what the normal room be like . the lift be slow and the restaurant be pretty poor . i have stay in many ibis hotel all over the world but this be the smallest room i have ever be in

the best thing about the hotel be that it be locate right next to the subway station north point . there be also a bus depot in front of the hotel which have regular direct airport bus service start very early in the morning . the hotel have a restaurant and the breakfast serve be scrumptious . can not expect much from the hotel in terms of service as it be sort of self service hotel the rooms be small which i guess be the norm across hongkong . the bed be just big enough for a average size couple

i have stay in ibis this april . could not say much about the staff , as i be not contact them exept the check in and check out , as the reception be on the first floor , so if you need nothing from them you do not stop at the first floor , as you can catch the lift from the ground floor . location be not central , you need around   stop by the underground train , or around   minutes off peak by tram . lovely harbour view . very very small rooms usual for hk . clean , nice hot water showers . good value for money . stay there if you like to travel everyday to city center or kowloon side

i stay here for   days when i arrive in hong kong . overall , staff be friendly and helpful . internet services be provide at a fee , a little pricey but convenient . laundry services be also available but expensive . rooms be fit only a bed and a few piece of luggage . there be no closet or storage . tv in room , a few news channels . safe and fridge in room . kettle and coffee cup in room . bed be very hard but pillow be good . the daily room cleaning service be okay but not great . for some reason they wo n't replace my use coffee cups . nice view of kowloon . wake up call be not always on time

my wife and i stay in this hotel for   days during december   the first impression after enter the room be     tiny    . it be probably very tiny but this be hk . for hk     a night during december , this be good value in hk

perfect hotel for single travellors , great view form each room . privacy

we book a double room hotel through accor hotel website for a cheap price of   hkd per night

contrary to many opinion here , this be a geat hotel to stay at in hong kong . you can pay hkd   or   for an even tinier room in a backpacker hotel in a grotty fire hazard building that will probably not have any windows , or you can pay hkd   here for a newish , much cleaner room with a harbour view . staff be friendly enough , the wait at the elevator be not painful , the tv tiny but in a good location over the foot end of the bed , and the mattress be hard but i sleep well . location be excellent , steps away from the airport bus   and mtr only   stop to wanchai and with very easy book on www .accorhotels .com . if you want a bigger room with a soft bed you will have to pay much more for it in this city

stay here with a few friend around christmas to new years . be very busy . start in a standard view for one night but end up book the harbour view room for the rest of our stay . very budget hotel . but recommend for traveller who want a cheap rate and not too fussy about space as these rooms be tiny . the harbourview room view make a difference to the view from the standard room an office building wall . for a budget hotel at this price , the cleanliness be ok . one of the room cleaners be actually very friendly which make our stay a bit more pleasant . it be in a really good location , just a few steps away from the northpoint mtr station and there be some good food around the corner . i would recommend this hotel for budget traveller for example , a group of friend who be n't that fussy about where they stay as it be a really good price for hong kong . oh there be a couple of restaurant in the hotel which we do n't actually get to try as there be alot of place to eat just outside the hotel

worst place to stay with family  tinest room ever possible

we have book   night but leave after   the room be small , have dirty carpet , wall , the net curtain be grey,bed hard as a rock , no where to put your suit case , no hang space and the tv be about the size of a postage stamp . the corridor carpet be stain and worn out there be only   lift that be so small and have a habit of go straight past your floor without stopping . the staff only smile or laugh when you complain . i would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy let alone a stranger so be warn

we book three night in the ibis hotel with wotif .com . one of the major problem be this   storey hotel have   tiny elevator which fit two people with suitcase comfortably . and yet how do   people manage to squeeze in with us ? the lobby be not at ground level and can only be access by the tiny elevator or by drag your luggage up a very high flight of stairs . we only have a few days in hong kong , so we give up on wait for the elevator and drag our suitcase up and down the stairs . when you finally get to the lobby you have to wait while bus loads of traveller be process   and once your turn to be serve arrive be prepare to defend your position

i be normally quite fair when it come to review hotel , but i have to say that its hard to find anything good to say about this hotel other than its location be good for hong kong

compare to other hotel in hong kong , this be amazing value . it be on the water at north point perfectly place for the metro , bus the airport shuttle go to and from the bus station opposite so no need to get a taxi from to the airport   allow over an hour for this the rooms be titchy but if , like us , you be sightsee and only sleeping in them , this be great . i would n't recommend these rooms for large people as you do have to shuffle around the bed   yes , they 're that small or for long stay as there be very limited wardrobe space and storage . it really be just for sleeping for a couple of nights . north point be a much more authentic hong kong experience than central or wan chai but be only   min from them on the metro

i be go to stay at the ibis a full  

this be most terrible place i ever stay in hong kong ! ! ! the rooms be small , like a prison in which you hardly can find a place for your suitcase , the rooms be very dirty , the carpet have so much dirt that i could not even risk to put off my street shoes . lie in the bed be not easy to forget the dirt around . ugly ! ! the bathroom be terrible small , you hardly can Â ´ t move around yourself . shower be small and of course you be afraid to touch the wall with any part . the breakfast be terrible . there be nearly nothing and the quality bad . also the breakfast room be dirty and absolutely nonconfortable . the staff be not pretty friedly . the biggest problem i have be the high price for this shed ! ! its expensive and terrible ! ! ! i be in hong kong several times and always stay in nice hotels . now i kow that just a little higher price can decide to be in a much much better hotel

rooms be very , very small the smallest we have until now although frequent traveller   around the bed only some one meter space to move around . the bed be small for   people but take the whole room ` s space . there be no closet for clothes . carpet be very dirty ! hotel service unfriendly and poor . the nice seaview compensates partly for the negative fact and that the regular bus no .   from airport have its last stop in front of the hotel

pay Â £   for   night room only . yes it be a small room on the   floor . yes the carpet could do with a clean , but the bed be clean and the towel very fluffy . ideal for transport . next door to the undergroud , opposite the bus station and ferry and just round the corner from the tram . the breakfeast be     not to my liking . eveing meal be ok . no bar but one a few door away but not a nice one . for the price it be a good hotel would stay again when in hg

it be a nightmare

this hotel be small , convenient and simple . there be no frill , but you get what you pay for . the mtr station be stone 's throw away , there be lots of cafe and restaurant in the area and the bus stop be across the road . the view from our room on the   floor be pretty good too . the room be very tiny   the smallest bathroom i have ever see , but it be adequate , and apparently the room size on hong kong island be small . the bed be a little hard , but we stay at   hotel and all   have slightly hard bed , so it must be a hong kong thing . north point be not a very exciting location   slightly run down but the mtr station be close by and the rest of hong kong be only a few minutes away

the review here have get this place cover pretty well . rooms be super small   i 'd guess the bedroom area in our room to be   x   yes , the bed be small and hard , pillow be flimsy and you would n't want to rely on the blanket and bedspread to get you through an arctic winter

this be a decidedly   star hotel . any source that suggest it be   star quality     as many travel site do     be not live on the same planet as the rest of us . give a   star classification , the ibis hit all the right buttons . rooms be small but clean , functional but barely so , location be convenient but not useful , desk staff be efficient but not overly helpful , no gym , wall be thin so lots of hallway noise , etc , etc . i experience no problem with the ibis but i feel i be oversold on the expect quality and i pay for   star lodging . hence my low rating . if i pay for   star accomodation i would rate it higher

we stay there for one night on november   we choose smoking room and regret it since the smell be too awfull . we do n't even dare to smoke in the room because of that . however , it appear that they locate the smoking rooms on their top three highest level and the view to the harbour be super fantastic , especially at night

the review make this hotel sound terrible

the hotel be on the cheap side and you get what you pay for . the room be tiny , the bed be big and hard as a rock good , it have a safe and a small fridge , and everything be clean but rundown . a fresh coat of paint and new carpet would do wonder

you could do worse for a hotel in hong kong when on a budget

i stay at ibis hotel in hk and be n't disappoint with the room . yes , indeed , it be small , but that be expect in hk . rooms be not impeccable but for the price , it be good enough . the bed be a bit harder than i expect , but at the end of the day , you 'd be too tired from all the walk that you would n't have the time to mull it over . hot water be available , so be shampoo , body wash and towel , everything else you have to get yourself . the location be good , just a few steps from an mtr entrance , roughly   min to get to mongkok tst , etc

i have read the review about this hotel and be expect small rooms . i admit the rooms be compact but i be not expect much for the low price i be pay ! i would say it be big enough for one person but not really for two . bathroom be clean and modern . it be locate conveniently for the metro system , which be about   maximum from the central stations . there be plenty of neighbourhood shop around to get snack and stuff , although the main shopping be further away . it be quite easy to get a taxi or the metro from there to place of interest

customer service seriously attrocious ! !

i arrive more than four hours before my check in time due to an early morning flight , but the desk staff be exceptionally helpful in make up a room for me rather than keep me wait with my luggage , at no extra cost

stay there for one night with a friend . i already stay there previously so i know what to expect . the room be small but cozy . basic amenities be there . safe included . yes , the bed take up the entire space and there be barely enough space for a suitcase but for one night or two , it be a good place to be

hotel , previously own by other company , however perfectly in line with ibis philosophy   tiny roooms for reasonable price . all a c , floor for non smokers . harbour view be nice to have , however , the view be not so nice to struggle for it

the location of this hotel be good , no doubt

it be purely a business trip . we stay for   night , and visit two exhibition hall , and go to our supplier 's demo centers . we walk a lot , thats why we appreciate the location of ibis hotel , just a few steps away from the mtr . because of the major exhibit be hold , the cost of the other hotel be terribly high and almost always fully booked . it be good that our supplier be able to get us accommodation at ibis

have read the review on here for the hotel , i be a bit apprehensive when i arrive

stay at the ibis with my wife for   night in march . we do review this hotel on trip advisor before we book it and be aware that the rooms be very small . therefore we be not surprise when we get there . we use this hotel because it be cheap and right next to a mtr which make it easy to get around

my son and i have book two rooms at this hotel as our base for the hong kong sevens , we have request twin rooms but tell by the staff that they be not available . the hotel information say double twin with queen bed if this be correct things would have be fine , what you get be a very small room with a   bed no wardrobe or draw , just a little hang rail above the safe , so you would have to live out of your suite case

i stay at the hotel ibis north point for two nights . have never be to hong kong i do n't really know where to stay . i opt for an inexpensive hotel with a worldwide brand that i think would be fine

the room be so small , hardly any space to walk after u have place your luggage . the double bed be not a queen size bed , it 's just like a super single bed around     . feel so cheated . the tv be at the side of the bed , just do n't know which angle shd be comfortable for me to watch the programme

i just stay here for five nights . i be worry about the location , but be   second walk to the mtr subway station , make it extreamly well located for all of hong kong . there be even a ferry across from the hotel , that go over to kowloon , which make it convenient that way too

brilliant location right above north point station , and nearby to local food market , but the room be tiny , hong kong be prime real estate so you can live with it , the room be a bit dank and gloomy though due to the surround building , which i am sure be commonplace across the island

i just get back from stay there   days . after read the review , i be so scare but it be the only hotel that have the reasonable price during christmas time . i do n't have to wait for check in and check out even the hotel be full at that time

my wife and i stay this small hotel for total of   night and go to shanghai after the first   nights . we read the review and do not expect too much . however , it be much more than our expectation , such as pricing be the cheapest , location be very convenient , room be clean with very nice harbour view even it be tiny , staff be helpful , and the food quality of the only one cafe be good . we go to shanghai by an early morning flight and have to leave the baggage behind for our return . everything could be do within   minutes as schedule so that we do not have to take a taxi to rush to the airport . we spend a breakfast , a afternoon tea and a dinner at the cafe and chat with our friend for hours , food be fine and the server have never distubed us . in compare to the hotel at shanghai , the size of the room be   times of ibis , however , it be not clean , not maintain well , and the worker there be not up to the standard   we would go back for sure and would recommend ibis to our friend

just spend   night with my husband at the ibis , north point . yes , the rooms be quite small , but ours have a     bed traditional british double , be clean every day , fresh fluffy white towel etc

  person at the desk checking people in , around   people waiting . i get my room     card    , go to the room , open the door and there be someone else in the room . go back and get another card for an empty room this time ! room be tiny . i have stay in hotel in hk for     more that have rooms twice as big . carpet be filthy . wall be dirty . stay on the southern side and find an open wireless connection . hotel charge     for   ! that 's around  

stay in this hotel cause it be near tai koo   mtr stations away , though not expect it would be right next to the station . the location be very convenient for move around , especially if you have   days octopus card , give you unlimited ride on mtr and a return trip from to airport

the hotel itself be very close to the mtr and bus station . as for the area on hong kong island , it be a bit farther than i want to stay   min central ,   min  mongkok . the rooms be clean and small but that be really common in hk . they have a restaurant that serve western breakfast for    

although the staff be friendly enough , the rooms be some of the worse i have stay in

i stay in this hotel   week on july  

the room be small but so be most rooms in hong kong that be of the same class . i travel solo so i find the room to be quite acceptable . the place be neat and the view be quite nice , overlook the highway and water . the location be great , on the same block of north point station if you get off the right exit . it be strange that reception be on the first floor while the entrance be on the ground floor and there be no security when you enter but it be quite safe . the room may be tight with two traveller but i believe it 's worth the price

i stay in ibis north point for   night in august   i stay in ibis in vienna and milan and i think that ibis hong kong should be alike . but it prove to be a horrific experience for me and i would n't advise anyone to try this hotel . it should be declassify , shut down and renovated . and it be not about the size of the room give the case , it should be clearly indicate on site but about the stain and spots which be everywhere , on the corridor carpet , on the tile from the bathroom , on the blanket on bed etc . and if you take a look to the wall paper colour you freeze . it have various tone of grey to black . the first room i enter smell of urine , like the closet never be wash with detergent . i have to ask for the second , which be as dirty as the previous one but without that particular smell . unfortunately it be to late for me to change the hotel because i have already give it as meet point to some friends . in brief , the hotel be much dirtier than words could describe it and any dollar you pay for a room there be waisted

this be a nice clean hotel especially if you be on a tight budget

i stay at the hotel a short while ago . i am not sure what all of the negative review be for to be honest    some people expect to sleep in a suite when they be only pay around     per night ! get real ! the ibis website do state the rooms be 'compact'

stay here for ten days and it be well worth it . right on the island line mtr route so get around be really easy . oppisite ferry pier to hang hom     kowloon city . central mtr ins about   minutes from here . rooms be smallish but then space be at a premium in hong kong . rooms service every day , fresh towel etc . resturant in hotel be amazing , excellent food at amazing price , highly reccomended . next door be great chinese resturant call     you me you me    try it , great food . not use the hotel laundry service , its a rip off . next to hotel in the alley way be a small laundry who will do a plastic bag full of laundry in three hours for   , open from   to   hotel have internet service etc . good all round place to stay , east access into hong kong centre , most main tourist place only   min away max

we choose to stay here against the advice of previous review as the room rate be so cheap . please do not make the same mistake . this hotel be awful , from start to finish

this hotel be a great base for explore hong kong for a few days . our room be very small , but if you organise your baggage well , it 's not a problem . the room and bathroom be keep clean . the hotel as a whole feel clean and tidy , and yes , there be amazing view from the building . best of all be the location     minute from the mtr station , and we could get around hong kong very easily from there . recommend as a base for see the sights

we stay here for a couple of night before fly further to bali on our honeymoon . we want a cheap and reasonable hotel close to the underground and basically that 's what we got . very good value for money . we have a special deal so i be also curious what the hotel look like   the hotel be relatively new and it have a modern style , the rooms be extremely small , but clean and from the upper level you have a nice view to the channel and kowloon

we stay three night here in may   it 's a budget hotel , but the room be very clean and the size be ok for hong kong   those who complain about the size of the room obviously do not visit city like hong kong or new york regularly . if cost be the top priority , you may want to stay at one of many hostel in chungking mansion or mirador mansion in kowloon , but if you be book a double room the rates of those hostel often rival that charge by ibis north point , and the latter be a much better choice . take it from someone who have stay at both places  

we be very worry about this hotel after read all the reviews . at check in the staff be very polite , the first room we be allocate be grim . but after a very brief conversation with the receptionist we be allocate a room on the   floor a non smoking floor   the decor be acceptable , the sheet on the bed be clean and nice fluffy towel in the bathroom , and a decent shower which always work and always have hot water of a consistent temperature . yes the bedooms be small   but if you move the bed against the wall for day time mode and out again at night it work really well . the room be a typical hk budget room , small but perfectly formed . the harbour view be probably the best we have ever have in hk , we have stay tin hk four times at different hotels . should you be sad enough to be in your room at   o'clock at night you can see the light show ! ! !

the staff be unsmiling but efficient except for ms bird who remembers your name and be verry efficient but a little too businesslike and not chatty the rooms be tiny not much bigger than the bed the bathroom have great water pressure in the shower the double bed be hard if you can find out where they hide the electric kettle it be nice to not need room service to make a drink of tea or coffee the phone rings off the hook when you need assistance from your room the airport bus       r t stop outside it be next to the underground train station which be on the wan chai line try the restaurant on the second floor

for anyone that have ever stay in an ibis hotel before   this one be no different . the rooms be small , the reception can be crowd then again , i be check in just before the rugby sevens and be on the second floor and only two small lift provide access the entire hotel

i stay at ibis northpoint early march for two night

room be okay for   person . i would n't stay here if i be sharing with another    the room and the bed be just too small . bed be way too hard for a comfortable sleep . harbour view be great . room could have be cleaner , especially the bathroom . wireless internet should be free but it be not . it costs alot and be very slow . service be very efficient but not friendly . personally , next time i think i will pay more to stay at a better hotel

we stay in the ibis north point for two night in january and we know from all the other comment on the site that the room have a reputation for be small    and well yes they be ! im not a great big bloke but with the two of us in the room it be a challenge . but for the price you pay at this place its a great deal . they know there rooms be small and they be a bed factory hotel but they use the space they do have well , if you be go to hong kong for a more than a few days or have lots of luggage then this be not the place for you . if you want to spend more time experience all there be to do in hong kong and just want somewhere to lie your head and have a shower then you will love this place . its so easy to get to from the airport just step outside take the   airport bus and it stop right out side , the mtr subway be two second down the street and will take you anywhere you would need to go . i have to say i do n't know what the food and things be like in the hotel because there be just so many place to eat in the rest of the city . hong kong itself be excellent so much to see and do , we only spend a few days here and that be a good time frame for what we want to get out of the place

the smallest room at a hotel i have ever be

we have just return from spending nine night at the ibis hotel in hong kong . the room be clean and the maid service be good . yes the room be small and the bed be hard but my beef be that i book a standard room with a queen size bed . a queen size bed be sixty inches . when

we book this hotel for our   stay . there be   of us travel and we book   different hotel rooms . there be nothing good i can say about the ibis . the reception be rude and not very helpful , there room be small although not the worst of their problem , i could have live with a small room , there be stain on the bedsheets , and the room smelled . accord to my mother , who i travel with , it smell like dead rat . in reality , it really just smell like musty wet towel that have be out for months . when ask to change rooms , they make it difficult . we eventually have to change hotels . i do not recommend this hotel for anyone . not unless you want the worst service and the dirtiest hotel ever

i have just return from a   days   night stay in hong kong . stay at ibis hong kong for   night and it be great ! i book   rooms there be   of us in the trip for s     per night and it be value for       ! . each of us pay abt s     only include room service and taxes . we have an excellent habour view on the non smoking floor . there be   storey in all and we stay at the   floor . jus the perfect height to admire the view and provide ease of get into the lifts . there be only   lift

maybe it be because we read the review here before book the ibis north point , or maybe it be because we stay in an even smaller room in mongkok the night before   but it be n't that bad actually . staff be ok , room be also ok . a bit on the small side , but much larger than most of the hostel in hk which be not that cheap as well

the location be not bad , the rooms be really small and the bed make of wood probably ! the worse point be many people try to call me and noone pick up the phone     seem there be no operator in this hotel , when i complain about it , they just reply they be probably busy    sure in a matter of emergency better be busy do something else     i never see any hotel in the world with such incompetent people     ibis group be a big hotel group they should be more carefull , i have send a complain by email to the hotel and of course , never get any reply       cheap hotel = cheap service or no service at all    this be totally outreagous ! next time i would defenetly pay more and get better    anyway it can not be worse than that

we have to stay here because it be the only hotel in our budget price range in hong

definitely the smallest hotel room i have ever stayed . all bed in queen size   no extra bed available . good price for budget traveller . all room equipment work well . very easy access from subway

my husband and i stay there in july   i find this hotel on the web site . i have expect the room to be small but this be really small for a   foot guy and a         woman   thankfully we be not big . however , we find it hard to move around in this room . for the money we be pay , yes , it be good value . we be also happy with the location   it be just a short walk to the understand ground . the bed be clean , shower be clean and the towel be clean . but the carpet and curtain be minging , the t v be a   inch stick out from the wall , no wardrobe   only a few hanger to hang your clothes   we just leave our clothes in our luggage , also very very tight space for   luggage . we do not stay in the room for long   we only need a clean bed to crash out   there be so much to do in hong kong we do n't get in still quite late . the other good thing about this hotel be that there be a couple of restaurant just outside the hotel , which open quite early and close quite late , which be a bonus . the restaurant serve cantonese food though , so , if you like cantonese food , this be very convenient if you do n't then it be only a short walk to the underground station to get your breaky

i stay at the ibis this march , i wo n't be stay there again . the room i have be mean to be a superior but it be the size of a postage stamp , the bed be very hard and the pillow squash completely flat when you put your head on it . there be very little storage for clothes   thank god it be only me in the room   and my suitcase have to be store at reception because there be no space . i have stay in the guest house in h .k . and the rooms be around the same size , but around half the price . on the plus side , it be clean and you get a free newspaper every

i find the check in staff to be very friendly and helpful indeed , also very efficient

i 'd read the negative review here on tripadvisor but this be the only hotel i could get into in my price range

we still decide to stay at ibis after the mix review we have see on trip advisor . yes , the room be really small , as most people say on the reviews . the room be clean overall . the towel be clean , bed be clean , and the room be clean . the bed be hard . morden design interior . free newspaper every morning . staff be polite and helpful . there be a restaurant on the second floor of the hotel . great price . for a full dinner set with soup , main course , desert , and tea coffee , it range from hk     us     . taste okay . hotel be in a very convenient location . north point subway station be only   minutes walk . across the hotel be a big bus terminus that you can go to many place , include to the aiport for hk     us     . next to the bus terminus be also a ferry station where you can take the ferry across the harbor to kowloon whampoa . convenient store be only another block away to get your water , etc

we spend over an hour at the reception wait for our reservation to be sort , as they could n't find it . we then decide to cancel it and find another hotel to stay for the night , but then we be tell that we would be charge anyway   so we stayed . the bedroom be tiny and the mattress so hard . it 's well locate near the metro station and cheap , but i woul n't go back there !

