the intercontinental hong kong be locate in an enviable position on victoria harbour . the hotel be in kowloon about   minutes from the airport and less than five minutes from the main shopping area and star ferry

my husband , five year old child and i stay at the intercontinental for three nights . we get an much reduce room rate for a deluxe king harbour view room through shopping around on the internet but it be still pricey and the room be on the small side to hold the extra bed require for our child . the hotel 's location and harbour view be unbeatable . the pool , infinity plunge pool and health club be top notch . i think failure to provide tea and coffee facility in the room make the hotel a little stingy , consider the high room rate . love our stay though . nice to touch the luxury for a brief time

this hotel be in the heart of hong kong city . a ideal place for transporation and sight seeing . this be the hotel from which we can watch the sympony of light most clearly . the avenue of star be behind this hotel . there be too many big shopping mall near this hotel . it be locate in a posh area and the street be well maintainted . a destination point which be familiar to every taxi drivers . rooms be neat and well maintained . a very good hotel

during my first trip to hong kong in december   i stay for four night at the intercontinental hong kong hotel . on arrival my partner decide to upgrade our book to a junior suite and after see the room , i think that he make an excellent choice . it do cost extra , but the experience of the suite be just amazing , start from the astonishing view of victoria harbour , the spacious rooms , the luxurious details that the room service staff take care of , not to mention the dine experience . the staff be just amazing from the moment we enter the hotel . the club intercontinental be also a welcome and relax atmosphere and the fact that we come across a few hollywood star , who be in hong kong shooting a movie , make the experience even better . it be hard to choose my favourite moment from our stay , but the outdoor heated swim pool must be my favourite . it be worth enjoy the warm water with a cold cocktail and a breathtaking sunset view

wow   stay here as a treat on way back from australia , limo pick up from airport , meet and escort to our room , feeling like real vip 's . harbour view deluxe with a panoramic view to die for . half bottle of moet on ice in the room , some special biscuit and a big cuddly panda toy for my daughter   all check in details do in room  thats service , others take note .

the reputation be well establish , so we be prepare for a very nice experience . we be definitely not disappointed . it 's better if you know go in that you will spend some coin . a hotel of this quality , on this location that provide this level of service can not and should not be inexpensive

my wife and i spend   night at the hong kong intercontinental hkic hotel and the place certainly live up to its reputation . we also spend   night at the conrad on hong kong island so we be in a position to write a more educate review

it be a blessing come true for me . i have book the crowne plaza for my family holiday in paris in   as a pleasant surprise , the hotel chain start a scheme where in they claim that if you stay   night in any holiday inn group hotel upto   then you get   night free in any of their   hotel worldwide . i be allow to opt for this scheme and as a result for my   stay in paris , i be eligible for   anywhere stay . i opt for hong kong . after goig through the trip advisor review and other web_material i zero in on intercontinental hong kong as a redemption . i be not sure , if i would get it . but to my happiness , i be allow redemption on this hotel . location wise no other hotel can beat this hotel . the schedule check in time be   hr but my flight be to reach at   i call up the hotel   days before my departure from mumbai to confirm my arrival and to inquire if they have a cloak room whereby i could dunp my baggage and move around and check in later at   but the reception be so comfort which i still can not believe . he say ,     sir , you be our honour guest . if you be arrive early , it will be our priviledge to provide you an early check in in fact , it wa very early . although it can not be ensure now but i believe that we would be able to manage that . please do not worry and arrive with a complete peace of mind     what more can one expect ? such a great comfort ? we arrive at the hotel at   am . while we be pull out strolleys , on alight from the airport bus , the bell boy run to get the same from us and from then on , the   days and   night that we stay , be pure luxury and love . the lady host louise take us around , explain all the fine details of the room , of the hotel and of the town . she be very sweet and lovely lady . she make us feel fresh and we forgot all that long and tire flight from mumbai via delhi

begin with the reception area , i begin to regret decide arrange our stay at this hotel . the check in process take quite a while , even though it be not very busy at the hotel . although the hotel have a beautiful view of the harbor , the decor be very old and tired . that would be bad enough , but as we go up to our rooms , the hallway be dark and have an overall grimy feeling . the rooms look out on the harbor and if that 's all you be do , it would be fine . but to actually stay in the room and try to be comfortable be another matter . the room seem to be very superficially service , so there be a dull coat of grime everywhere . the bathroom be unbelievable for a hotel that bill itself as a luxury hotel . first of all , the commode be one of those kind you find in public restroom , very low to the ground for some reason , with the long chrome flusher which when you flush , sound like an airplane take off , that loud . worse , it have blue water  probably to save even more on the effort need for cleaning the thing . the shower have heavy black mold grow in almost all the tile grout  i have to literally close my eyes when i shower so i would n't get sick just look at it . not only be this inexcusable as far as not be up to general cleaning standard , but mold like that be downright dangerous to yor health . there seem to be an odor in the room , mustiness cover up by room deodorizer . we stay one night then flee to another hotel . it just be n't worth stay here at all

this hotel be the best choice we could have make for hong kong ! we upgrade to the deluxe suite with bathroom big enough to be a second house , with floor to ceiling windows that become a vip seat for every night 's laser show from the opposite kong kong island ! beautiful experience , fantastic breakfast and location superb

how this hotel remain     in popularity be beyond me . yes , the view be incredible , so absolutely go and have a drink in the lobby bar   you 'll be glad you do

the intercontinental in hong kong be a superb hotel , i can not fault it in any way

my husband and i come here on business for two days . the hotel have a fabulous location , within walk distance of the hustle and bustle of nathan street , but away from it all to also be a quiet oasis . we have a car pick us up at the airport , we arrive to friendly staff , acknowledge us correctly by title and name we have different surname , quickly get us through check in as we be quite tired , etc . we be upgrade to a fabulous junior suite overlook the harbor *   just like a picture postcard . we have access to the club intercontinental   worth every penny . fabulous , sumptuous breakfast , happy hour which be our dinner with incredible edible , free internet , concierge , great view and , again , a warm and friendly staff

i have always hear about this property and the great view of the harbor . i have also de prioritized it because i do n't like the kowloon side as much and the hotel itself look a bit date on the outside . there be also very stiff competition from other property and intercontinental usually do n't hold muster vs . four season , mandarin , and the peninsula

when travel to hong kong , for the best view , while enjoy drink , view the hong kong harbor and the light show , we stay at the kowloon intercontinental hotel , we love this place ! !

we stay for   night in a standard room face the swim pool with a partial view of the ocean . we be offred an upgrade to a room face hong kong for hk     per night plus tax but we decline since we have a very active two days shopping and viisting friends . we be quite impress with the facility and services . we do not have any meal at the hotel , but we do have a drink in the lounge face the hong kong side in the evening

stay here for   night as first leg of our holiday to hong kong     bali see review of the chedi club     the legian   

we only stay at the intecontinental for one night due for our stopover to nz

go to the steakhouse for a birthday dinner . must admit that it be a very nice set , with good service and a nice feel to the place . very dissapointed with the meal though as the price be simply exorbitant . i have eat in may fine restaurant in hong kong , include   and   michelin restaurant and this one really let me down , for the amount you be pay in excess of   per steak i be expect a lot better . to be honest i could have make the same steak at home . not impressed . salad bar look good though    maybe i should have go with that  

this hotel be absolutely wonderful , and definitively the best i have ever stay in ! spend   night in october   and do not want to leave ! ! ! my room be on the   floor , with wonderful view of the harbour and the building locate on hong kong island . enjoy the light show in the lobby bar few night in a row . wonderful room , fantastic swim pool area , the most dedicate employee in the world

i stay here for   night for a holiday . i be a member of the ambassador club which entitle me to a one room category upgrade . when i arrive they say there be no rooms leave at the one category above but they be sure i would be happy with my room

the icohk be a superb property . well appointed rooms with an enormous ultra comfortable bed to climb into and sleep away all that jet lag , and view of the most amazing metropolitan backdrop and a harbor that never sleeps . the breakfast spread be excellent both in choice and quality . hotel location be convenient but its harbor edge set be gold

this be indeed a beautiful hotel and the location be fantastic . certainly life up to the expectation from the room quality to the friendliness of staff and cleanliness of public areas . we stay in a junior suite , locate on the   floor with view across the harbour and to the kowloon side as well . i do n't have any complaint but i do have a suggestion   please do n't put television set in front of the windows . it just spoil the most incredible view . highly rate hotel and we will certainly stay again . the staff be excellent with particular mention of roman and casey   both show outstanding customer service skill and a credit to the hotel

my husband and i stay at   top rate hotel during our recent   day holiday and the ic hong kong do n't let us down . the location be great . it be walk distance the pier and most shopping on the kowloon side and it be right next door to the art museum . the club be locate on the second floor , but we do not take advantage of it as it be a hefty     hk per day . the hotel house some excellent restaurant and we sample both nobu and the cantonese restaurant . we be blow away by the excellent food at the cantonese restaurant . the regular rooms be nicely furnish , but rather small compare to other ic rooms . we be ambassador gold , so we be upgrade to a a higher floor face the harbor which be a gorgeous view , but the room be not very large . the entire registration process take place in the room , which i believe be reserve for ambassador member , and be a lovely touch . while we be present with a gift in singapore , we do n't receive any special touch here . however , fruit and water be available free of charge . bath amenities be elemi and include moisturizer , shampoo , conditioner , liquid soap and nothing else , which be surprising . we have two unfortunate situation in hk , one with a taxi and one with a store . the hotel rush to help us in both instances . they notice our situation with the taxi and rush to our defense with the taxi driver without our asking . the other instance require them spending a great deal of time with us . the hotel be a large , bustle hotel , but there be so much staff , we be always personally greeted . the lobby include a large cocktail lounge which overlook the harbor and be great for relaxing . it be not a casual environment . we stay at the singapore intercontinental , the hilton beijing , the opposite house in beijing , and the shangri la in bangkok during the past   days . it be very different from the other hotel , but overall , i preferred the ic singapore as it be a more relax and comfortable environment . it have nothing to do with the hotel service . the hotel room price be very high for the size of the room

we stay here for   night in october have manage to secure a very good internet deal . we have stay in   star hotel around the world and usually try to avoid big chain hotel such as this . however for   night , the intercontinental meet and exceed our expectations . we arrive after a very early flight , be surprise to be whisk straight up to our room without delay and be check in by an amazingly friendly and efficient member of staff . our room be lovely and have a harbour view which we be n't expect after the cheap ish internet deal . it be more than spacious enough with a lovely bathroom complete with intriguing     bath butler    menu . we recover from our jet lag with complimentary herbal tea while lust after the in room bose sound system . of course the selling point of this hotel be its amazing location . the lobby bar with floor to ceiling windows and delicious and potent cocktail be the perfect place to while away our first evening admire the stunning skyline

the intercontinenal manage to be both grand and modern at the same time . the bar   lounge have an excellent view of the island waterfont when not obscure by the smog    . the service be polite , attentive and flawless

when i choose the intercontinental my main reason be the splendid view from the hotel    we book a harbour face room and the view be breathtaking    i must say the view from my room be better then what i see from victoria peak    it be breathtaking to watch cruise ship sailing by and to watch the hong kong skyline from the room  

everything about this hotel be perfect   the view , the rooms , the service , the location . stay   night   could have stay forever . club lounge excellent , pool excellent amazing view from room   ask for a   room if get a junior suite   as they say at check in   the best view in

my brother and i spend a week in macau and hong kong . we start out at the holiday inn kowloon then move onto the venetian in macau . after a good hotel and a great one , i do not expect to be wowwed but be i ever ! step out of our taxi we be greated with a smile and a welcome . we do not have to wait long before check in there be a line , but with so many people work the desk we be check in in under   minutes

we stay at the intercontinental for just the one night but wish it be longer . we arrive in hong kong at   and arrive at the hotel just before   the check in staff be lovely and allow us to check in at such an early hour

i stay for   night in september use my priority club reward point on a stopover . i turn up with my backpack into the most amazing lobby and view from the bar   believe the hype , it be incredible and the service be some of the most efficient i have see , the staff acknowledge you straight away for check in , always be very courteous , which be not always the case when you be on a freebie    and turn up with a backpack look a bit out of place    !

i visit this hotel at the end of last year but i have only just join trip advisor and i want to review it as it be simply outstanding   the nearest to perfection i have ever experienced . magnificent view , impeccable service , wonderful food , excellent facility , spotlessly clean . yes it be expensive   but worth every penny

we have stay at the shangri la in kuala lumpur before we hop over to hk for a short break . we think the shangri la be wonderful but we both think this place be actually better ! the view from the outdoor heated pool over hk be just so wonderful and it make one feel almost like float over the harbour

i have stay at the intercontinental hong kong for a total of roughly   night over approximately   different stay and the experience have be outstanding . i have encounter issue , but they have be address quickly

crazy view , fantastic location , you ca n't find a nicer hotel    free shoe polish

there be no better place to stay when you be in hong kong . we have a corner junior suite with a wall size picture window face the harbor . the service be impeccable from the instant the car be send for us at the airport , greet by aconcierge as we emerge from the car , incredibly fast check in , fresh fruit every day . marvelous concierge service . although it be great to eat out , the restaurant in the hotel be excellent,particularly the cantonese one . the location of the hotel be perfect . , and if your destination be not within walk distance , the cab be reasonable and the dispatcher will tell the driver exactly we you be go , and give you a card so that you just hand it to your return driver . i think it be abit pricy for the very hot off season time we be there , however , it be worth every dollar

when enter the hotel one feel one have arrive ! sleek check in staff whisk us to our suite overlook victoria harbour . check in formalities be do in the room . upgrade to club lounge access be offer at     us per night . immediately after check in be complete complimentary welcome tea be serve in the room

great hotel , perfect location , great service . best hamburger i have ever have

the hotel be elegant even though it have be open for over   years . i be upgrade to a sea and pool view room and the size be spacious . staff be friendly and helpful and the subway be right front of the hotel

much like sydney , be in hong kong be all about enjoy the iconic harbor view and the intercontinental deliver it ! this be the main reason i pick this hotel and i be happy i did . the view be completely unobstructed from the lobby , the guest rooms and restaurant

stay at intercontinental hong kong be truly exceptional , from the moment you step into the hotel all the way up to your comfy bed . this hotel sit at the harbour front and command a view that be so amazing especially at night . i not think there be any hotel in hong kong that have such great view . the service be superb , the room and bath be huge and the   operate gym come in handy . i enjoy the bathtub in my room so much that i use it twice a day ! although the building look slightly tired from outside , but it be complete different inside . i believe the hotel go through a reburbishement excercise recently as everything seem so new . it be a luxurious stay , and will recommend this hotel to anyone   for business or leisure

from the moment we arrive on our honeymoon to the intercontinental we be treat like royalty and totally spoiled . we be sweep up to our room and check in there by denis the guest relations manager . he know we be on our honeymoon and after a tire   hour journey could n't have ask for a better welcome with complimentary champagne     strawberry while watch the light show from our room , what a start ! ! everywhere you look in this beautful hotel there be an amazing view of the harour and hong kong . from our harbour view room on floor   , the pool and spa on the roof , the bar in the lobby    i could go on     the restaurant     this hotel be the most stunning location . by night you can watch the light show from the comfort of the bar or your room , by day the busy harbour be just fab to watch

have n't book a car but go to the intercontinetal desk at hong kong airport to ask for a limo . limo arrive in   minutes

i have stay at the intercontinental hotel several times during business trip to hong kong . the hotel sit on one of the most expensive piece of real estate in the world    directly on hong kong harbor . the harbor view rooms have some of the most amazing view , and you simply have to take in the view from the hotel lobby . the pool be an     infinity    pool and it overlook the harbor     view of hk city

what can i say    this be an amazing hotel ! ! ! as soon as you enter this place through the hustle and bustle of hk , you immediately start to relax and enjoy the beautiful lobby and its picture perfect view . i could have stand there for hours but we be escort to our room and there we have an even more amazing view ! we stay in a room on the eleventh floor and have a hallway , a small livingroom , a dress room , a bathroom with sink bath and seperate shower , a double king size bed and a large tv . what else can you wish for ? the staff in this hotel be really friendly and the concierge help you in every way she can . we have the breakfast buffet every morning , probably the largest and most luxurious buffet i have ever experience in my life , you name it they serve it ! at night the buffet be even more spectacular , they have foie gras , lobster , salmon , sushi,    the price of the buffet be value for your money , so it be really worth it ! one night we go to the steakhouse , one again amazing    i take a chocolate fondant as a dessert and be warn ,   person can eat from it,    it be huge ! we stay one day around the pool to get some sun and relax and we like it very much . i have the time of my life in this hotel , i hope you do too ?

great hotel . arguably hong kong 's best . certainly in top   stay i have have and i travel a great deal . location be superb   right on the edge of hong kong harbor . definit Ã © ly try for a harbor view room . rooms be good size   not a common feature in hong kong . service be of the highest standard . several very good , if somewhat pricy restaurants . very good executive lounge available at a supplement of about     per night . minor quible would be that lounge isnt open   hours and free bar service be limited to a few hours each evening . several much less expensive hotel have fuller lounge access

there be no doubt about it , this be a fantastic hotel . all the other review be accurate . there ca n't be a better location for the view of hong kong island in kowloon . most of the rooms and the lobby lounge capture be perfectly and it have to be one of the most stunning man made vista in the world

this be definitively the best place to enjoy from your hotel the incredible hongkong skyline . excellent service , attention to details in the room and fast turnover at check in out . the pool be great , but maybe by cover it the water temperature would be a bit nicer in that extremely hot summer climate . also the restaurant be great as well as the location to major attraction

this be an amazing hotel . i stay in a superior harbour view room which have amazing view over hong kong harbour . the steakhouse be definitely the highlight   although very expensive the luxury of choose your steak knife and a selection of about   salt from around the world be exquisite . a fun surprise be that they do a twice daily room service   it 's definitely a nice feeling to come back after dinner with your clothes fold and room back to be spotless . the ambience late at night be great sit in the cocktail area listen to small jazz band , look over the harbour and sip champagne cocktail into the wee hours be the way to finish off an amazing little stay at the intercon

there be a reason everyone rave about the view from this hotel   they be simply outstanding with the hotel sit on the edge of victoria harbor   the deluxe harbor view room be worth the extra cost . we have consider stay on the hong kong side but stay in kowloon with the amazing view of the harbor , the business district and peak on hong kong island be the correct decision

my husband     i stay at this wonderful hotel for a relative 's wed reception     dinner . we stay for   days   nights . from the check in to check out , the hotel staff have be wonderful and everything else be in work order . the breakfast at the club lounge be very nice start to the day . besides continental buffet breakfast , they have menu for individually cook food . my husband order the beef steak and enjoy it tremendously . compliments to the chef ! also , the staff be very accommodate to include mushroom with the steak upon request . the other wonderful thing be the freshly squeeze fruit juices . the housekeeing be excellent too . we have request for firm pillow and it be deliver almost immediately . the hotel be adjacent to a shopping centre . you need not get out in the humid hong kong summer to satisfy your shopping thirst . however , the location be not as central as those hotel locate at hong kong island . the traffic be very bad and taxi ride across the harbour through the tunnel and back be always a long and rather expensive affair

we stay at the intercontinental for a week at the end of july , and think it be almost entirely excellent . there be no other hotel in kowloon which command such amazing view of the harbour   definitely pay the extra for a habour view , it 's worth it . the service throughout the hotel be also excellent . one occasion which stand out be when i go to the spa for a manicure , i accidentally smudge two nail on my way back up to the room . the spa happily book a time for me to get them re done , with no extra charge . little gesture like that really impress me

i first stay at intercontinental hong kong in february   and be very impressed . i have just return from another stay at the hotel and in my opinion it 's as good as ever . without a doubt i can say it 's my most favourite city based hotel worldwide . it 's no real surprise to me that it frequently appear highly rate in numerous travel award

we have a four night stay at intercontinental hong kong in july of   stay in a harbor view junior suite . this hotel amaze us from the moment we enter the lobby   the view be amazing . we be quickly take to our suite and the check in be take care of there . we really feel that the service here be excellent in every way

i will not be able to praise this hotel enough . i stay for   night in a harbour view room with club access and the hotel be outstanding . the service level be the highest i have ever experience and will certainly be returning . thank you to all staff especially the club lounge and the pool staff

my husband and myself have stay at this hotel for buisness   years ago and be stun by the amazing view of the harbor . the room be also beautiful this year we decded to travel with our two teenage boy for pleasure and want them to have the same experience we have

as everyone say , this hotel have possible the best view of any hotel in the world , from the moment you enter the lobby until you get to your room assume you have a harbor view . i return because of previous great experience and they be almost as good this time as   years ago . spacious rooms and bathroom as almost all the amenities you could ever want , include a great bose sound   video system amd flat panel tv . the staff be excellent with good service everywhere from the bar to the     butlers    . couple of

base on trip advisor review we book a   night stay at the intercontinental hong kong and have no regret at all . the hotel provide us with a great location to see most of what hong kong have to offer

after a   hour flight from london , this hotel be the worst possible place to end up . we arrive here to commence a trip around asia and have book via the priority club website . i be a platinum elite priority club member . it cost about Â £   a night and i have request a high floor away from the lift   we get upgrade with our membership so a room with a city view should have be easily upgrade to one face the harbour

first impression

this be the second time i stay in this hotel . nothing have changed . superb location , impeccable service , fantastic room , fabulous view ! nothing be exaggerate in this review . it truly be the best hotel in hong kong , probably in the world . the location be in one of the best prime location in hk . the s class limousine be nothing but excellent , it take you right from airport to the doorstep of the hotel . as soon as you arrive , the bellman will help you to carry all the bag up to your room . as you enter the room , you will be mesmerize by the view ! spot the chinese iconic junkie that pass by . that be not the end of your fascination of the hotel . check out their facilities . numbers of good restaurant inside the hotel . it make you do n't wan na leave the hotel . try out the super fabulous spa on the edge of hk . enjoy the fascinating hk skyline while you sunbathe or just dip in the pool . it really be worth trying . it be one of the world 's best hotel

hotel that come in its own right among the best i have ever seen . we have a room at   floor with direct view on hong kong island with its spectacular skyscrapers . room with large screen lcd   ' , bose sound and ipod slot . simply fantastic bed , queen size it would have fit nicely into three ! . very large bathroom with separate shower and bath , toilet in separate room . there be also the balance ! the staff be formal and discreet , perhaps too much , a smile would not have be more misplace

i stay here for three night on a business trip and find the hotel to be just perfect . great location and great rooms

we stay at the ic for   night and love our stay . first of all let me start by say what a view they have got . when you walk into the lobby you will get to see the fill harbour view and it be breath taking . no matter how many times you walk through the lobby and get to see that same view , it be still breath take every single time . i have stay at a few hotel in hk with harbour view and i personally think this have get the best harbour view and prime location in the middle of the city

look at my honeymoon photo 's today i can not put off write my review of this hotel any longer . after a long flight from dublin we be collect by a hotel car . the fresh towel and water be a lovely way to freshen up before we be meet by the hotel manager at the front door who personally show us to our room . the view be spectacular . best hotel room view i have ever seen . the lobby be also fantasic and a lovely place to have a beer and wait for your new wife to get ready . we eat in the steak house one night , and while expensive , be worth every penny . no issue stay in kowloon , as it be also a great place to spend a night or two . really good local restaurants . a definate recommendation for anyone stay in hong kong

we stay   night at the intercontinental and we have a fantastic stay . the concierge staff as well as the butler , and restaturant staff be perfect . they have an excellent     cheeseburger in the lobby restaurant    but who care ! ! the view of the hong kong harbor from our room be breathtaking ! ! the location be fantastic and we would definitely stay at the intercon again

i be fortunate to stay at   star hotel for my business . this hotel be without question the best hotel i have ever stay at . there be no negatives . everything be great and i mean everything ! i will never stay at another hotel when i go back to hong kong . if you do n't like this hotel then you do n't like hotel

my daughter and i stay here for four night last week . we stay in a junior suite on the   floor , with absolutely stunning view of the harbour and hong kong island . very pricey , but if your budget can allow , a great splurge experience

this be my   stay at this great hotel . terrific service from super friendly staff members . great business centre

well , i have yet to stay at the peninsula     but so far , this be the nicest i have stay in out of many many trip to hk . the intercontinental formally the regent , which be also fantastic be just gorgeous   great staff , amazing breakfast , nice gym , great shopping , the bar and the view be the best in hong kong ! oh , and the fruit in the room    do n't forget the fruit . yum

this hotel have the best location in hong kong . situate right on the victoria harbour bank just in front of hong king island , the view , from the rooms or the lobby , be just amazing and i think it be really worth stay in a harbour view room . this location be also within easy access to public transport , shop and restaurant , just beside the hotel bulding there be a shopping mall . the rooms be very confortable although not very large but be well equiped . the service be what you expect from a   * , with special remark for the concierge . the hotel have a beautiful outdoor pool and two outdoor jacuzzis that be just perfect for relax at the end of the day while enjoy the magnificient views . some of the best hong kong restaurant be locate right on the hotel but i didn Â ´ t try any

the intercontinental be by far the best hotel in hong kong , hands down . do n't make the mistake of stay at its shabby cousin , the grand stamford , though ! we initially check in here but move out after one night . the     scene    at the hotel be so vibrant you almost do n't want to head out . it 's get a fantastic lobby bar which serve amazing high tea . with gigantic glass windows overlook kowloon harbour the hotel be situate right on the harbour front , there be no better place than this to watch the daily light show with a cocktail in hand . there be modern chicness in every single corner here without the frumpy old world gilt of some of the other famous hk hotels . where else will you find a nobu and alain ducasse 's award win restaurant spoon ? we get upgrade to a fantastic harbour view suite , which have a separate live room . whether from the bathroom , the bedroom or the live room , the view of kowloon and the harbour be uninterrupted and simply spectacular . get a higher floor , though   as i mention earlier , the hotel be right on the harbour front , which be a busy promenade full of tourists . as our room be on the   floor , though it be a gorgeous suite , come nightfall you 're pretty much on the same level as the crowd outside and you 'll have to draw your curtain with a remote control , ahem . at the ic suite they 're motorize . the wardrobes , though , could definitely be roomier for a suite this size . i have stay here twice and it 's definitely my choice when in hk , but the next time i have get my eyes on the ic 's rooftop suite with private pool and outdoor bed for sleeping under the star ! ! ! this be for sure one of the best city hotel in the world , for business or romance

after toss up between the penninsula and intercontinental we think we would follow trip advisor and go with their top recommendation for hong kong    glad we did . in terms of value for money for the type of room and exceptional quality of service this hotel really do put pressure on the     pen    over the road

i have hear so much about this hotel and on my recent trip to hong kong , i decide to spend a night at the intercontinental . i use my priority club point to redeem for the one night . be an award book , i be somewhat anxious to see what room i would get and what service be like

this be a great hotel in a great location . staff be fantastic , restaurant and bars be great . we have a harbour view room which be amazing , this hotel have to have the best view of hong kong island . the hotel be a   walk to harbour city mega shopping mall and a couple of min to popular nathan rd . the star ferry be also right next door   min walk . breakfast be excellent , a huge buffet of everything from asian to western tastes . the swim pool and spa be great too with sensational view of the harbour . highly recommend this

my wife and i stay at the intercontinental during our second trip to hong kong   we have stay in the peninsula in dec   review post on tripadvisor and have think that be one of the best urban hotel in the world   we think it would be hard for another hong kong hotel to top that experience but we think that after take everything location , value , service , amenities into consideration the intercontinental be better

we stay for a week in a lovely room on the   floor . i never tired of the view morning , noon and night . it be breathtaking and worth every penny we spend

although we only stay one night here , i be so glad we did . right from when we walk up the slope to the doors . we feel like we have enter another world

we stay for   days from april  

the stay be scenic , wonderful , the shopping area at tsim sha tsui be closeby and guest be give a card if we go for a morning jog with hotel name and location just in case we get lose , which be an extra warm touch by the hotel staff

from the minute we be collect at the airport to the time we be chauffered back there we be treat with total courtesy and give brilliant service . our upgrade from a luxury harbour view to a small suite be welcome . the view over the harbour be just tremendous . the outdoor heated pool with its two spa pool be terrific , and a light breakfast there overlook the harbour be a wonderful experience . we eat in the cantonese and the buffet restaurant , both expensive but exceptional food . i really hope to return one

we go with this hotel thanks to ta reviews . it 's one of my favorite hotel in world . staggering view of the harbor . location across street from the mrt which be fantastic . rooms be tastefully     perfectly amenitied . but that view when you open the electric blinds   just incredible . the staff be super swell   this be a true first class operation the finest staff . the infiniti pool with it 's harbor pool    esp at night   oh sigh ! the gym be fantastic also ! but the breakfast buffet   oh the breakfast buffet     our family joke be i be the queen of the asian breakfast buffet . the first morning i begin plot my strategy to ensure the perfect experience each morning i fully admit this be completely twist behavior . the breakfast buffet be sheer bliss . my favorite in the world    and i have travel a good deal . breakfast buffet nirvana be the only appropriate term . it be my great hope that we will one day again be able to stay at this property . world class cool

this be an exceptional hotel . the service be some of the best i have encounter in extensive travel around the world . just excellent , food , rooms , checkin in , staff , they be care and polite and efficient . the food at this hotel be great . the pool be beautiful . they have us great shopping recommendations . ask for the eyeglass lady 's card who have a shop on the   floor of a building near the     ladies    market . i love this hotel so do my mother   and my daughter   just fabulous and worth every penny . that say do not prebook the hotel with a guarantee . we     prepaid    to hold a rate and see the price go down by     and wish we have do a     non guarantee    type of book and get our rate lowered . the best suite be go for what we pay for a room by the time we get here . also def . book the club level it be soooo worth it , amazing breakfast , tea service and cocktail hour . it will keep your cost down tremendously

  get the internet price . though expensive , it 's still less expensive than the other   * hotel like peninsula or four season

book this hotel after read review on here and we be not disappointed . everything about it be spot on . best bit   press the electronic drapery button to open the curtain to that view , sit in the eternity pool overlook that view , the breakfast buffet and finally , evening buffet with light display over harbour

this be the best hotel that my partner and i have ever stay in   anywhere in the world . we just do n't see how it could be improved . the location be a showstopper in itself . the staff knowledgeable , friendly and engaging . the pool and spa overlook the hong kong harbor be breathtaking . one wall of our room be completely glass   provide an unbelievable view of the harbor , the nightly light show , and the pass parade of chinese junk , ferry and boat of every description . we take advantage of most of the hotel 's facility and find them all to be unsurpassed . walk distance to terrific shopping , excellent restaurant , and the famous star ferry , i only wish that we have plan our trip in such a way that we could have stay there longer

the selling point for this hotel be its location which be literally at the water 's edge of hong kong habour . if you have a harbour view room , the outlook be spectacular so too be the price ! the view be the only reason for stay here

i have  thanks to the company i work for had the pleasure of stay at many five star hotel around the world last january i stay at the ic in miami which be fabulous the ic in kowloon however be in a league all of it 's own

this hotel be impressive before you even enter ! the staff be amazing and tend to our every need . we have a room overlook the water which be absolutely stunning . i literally bounce around the room , amaze at the luxury . the food be amazing , with a huge range the pool and hot tub be perfect , the perfect place to relax . the spa treatment be great , and good value for money . i be sorry to leave this hotel , and would absolutely stay there again

yes , it â € ™ s expensive . but i believe what you get what you pay for . superb service to rival any establishment in the world . my wife and i stay there recently for part of our honeymoon and although it be expensive , it â € ™ s probably something if you can afford it you should do once in a lifetime

this be my   stay here . my favorite thing to do be bring a friend on the trip , check in , and then take them to the lobby lounge for a drink usually   pm by the that time . then , i watch their reaction ! the sense of wonder , excitement and awe be great to see . there be no better place in the world than the lobby lounge of the intercontinental at night . for this visit , as always , everything be at the pinnicle . service and room great . for food , you must try the harbourside buffet at least once during your stay for either breakfast or , preferrably , dinner . expensive , but some of the most wonderful food you will ever have . even though a buffet , the good be fresh and better than     of restaurant serve from a menu . the other restaurant be also fantastic . the manager will take care of you on anything out of the ordinary need

we stay at a harbour view room at ic hk on jan   ,   on our way ro auckland

arrange to have our wed banquet at the intercontinental hong kong in october   as part of our package we have several guest stay in harbour view rooms as well as junior suite and a deluxe suite for ourselves

we arrive on the   dec and a friend have tell us to stay here for the view for new years eve fire works the hotel look over to hong kong island ,well we arr at airport and be meet by the chauffeur from the hotel a lovely touch arrive at hotel be greet personally by dennis who check us in in our harbour view room a must have wow ! ! ! ! ! what a view,its breath take ,we pay for the club facility which include breakfast , afternoon tea and sandwiches,and then between   till   free alcohol that include french champagne so i would say it be well worth it if you use it      we see the new year in there and will never forget it ,stayed for   night then go to lanson place for   night but only stay there for   because we miss the intercontinental you cant beat it ,,,,,,for our last night we have book the   season on hong kong island yes it be lovely too,but it do not have the character of the intercontinental     cant wait to go back  hong kong be a great diverse place we love it

fantastic hotel    despite its size , still manage to make us feel special which be perfect for kickstarting our honeymoon

we book this hotel because of its rating on trip advisor . we be a little nervous about this as our first choice have be to stay on hk island at the four season or mandarin oriental . however it do not disappoint

i book this hotel base on the review from this website , and it be definitely the right choice ! i book a room for three people pay   hk dollar extra for the third person , and when i check in , i be tell that i be suppose to request a cot online when i book the room . i say i do n't realize that i have to pre book a cot and that we need a cot because we do n't want to sleep in a room with two queen or full sized beds . the check in desk inform me that the hotel be totally book and most of the cot be speak for because of the holidays . i insist on wait , and after a few minutes , they lead us up to our room and soon thereafter a butler show up with our cot . other than this small hiccup which be take care of right away , we have a fabulous stay at this hotel . the room deluxe harborview have an amazing view of hong kong . the room itself be very comfortable and large by hong kong hotel room standards . the bathroom be huge and really nice ! we get welcome tea as soon as we arrive , which be also a nice touch . the only odd thing be that we do not get turndown service but it may have be because we only leave the room for about   hours in the evening for dinner and the do not disturb sign be on before we leave for dinner . the hotel lobby be really beautiful and the view from the lobby lounge be really breathtaking . we have dinner at a restaurant call the prince restaurant near the hotel , which a friend recommend , but i wish we have stay at the hotel because they have tons of restaurant option which seem popular . i would try the harborview buffet , nobu or spoon alain ducasse . the drink in the lobby lounge be a bit pricey , but in line with a   hotel . for the price ~     , this be a great option

stay here for   night in november   great location and the staff be warm and friendly   great view from bedrom !

i can only agree with most other reviewer   a top hotel , perfect location , first class service and a great range of restaurants . i would just offer two tip from our experience . firstly , the extra for a harbour view be well worth while . secondly , the extra for the     executive club    probably be n't . this be a mezzanine area offering breakfast , evening cocktail and newspaper etc include in the price . it 's ok but probably not worth the price

i book my stay through amex platinum fine hotel which bring a number of benefit include room upgrade , free breakfast , late check out etc . i travel throughout asia on the program and get upgrade to a suite in every hotel

just stay here for   night in a deluxe harbour view room as a stop off before travel on to australia . exactly as everyone on here say , it 's a wonderful hotel and the location be second to none . ok , you 're not in hong kong itself , but the star ferry terminal be about a   minute walk from the hotel and the trip across the river cost hk     about   in uk money !

only arrive in the airport , have the pickup car

my partner and i stay here for just   night , whilst on a round the world trip . this hotel stay be on the last bit of our trip and we want to end it on a high . wow ! what service ! the warm welcome and attention to detail be amazing and the staff be so very attentive . the hotel be quiet , relax and pure luxury . we have an amazing large harbour view room , we not once put the tv on but just keep look out of the window at the amazing view ! at eight o'clock each evening the harbour light up to an amazing laser light show . breakfast be buffet style and be very delicious with fantastic choice . i choose this hotel from the highly recommend review of other trip advisor traveller , and they be so right ! we would definately stay at this hotel again

just come back from   night stay at the intercontinental , excellent hotel with expect high level of service . we stay in a harbour view room , brilliant view . we have stop previously at the shangri la but the view be not nearley as good , although the level of service at both hotel be excellent

have some trepidation about the intercon since i want the best hotel in the city for this trip and have be disappoint by some intercons in the past they can be hit or miss . but this intercontinental be absolutely flawless ! do not let any past negative intercontinental experience deter you from book this hotel ! i am so glad i trust tripadvisor and stay at the hong kong intercontinental

a have spend recently a two night stay in the hotel intercontinental . i have get a deluxe harbour view contemporary room with a king size bed . the hotel be fantastic , the atmposphere be simply outstanding , with an hall that be open on the breathtaking view of the harbour and the skyline of the hong kong island 's building

my wife and i stay three night in a deluxe harbour view room at the hk intercon in early october

i be write this review in the hotel intercontinental hong kong itself and behind my chair be the beautiful harbor view from my room on the   floor . i be go to book the langham , but decide to stay here for my business trip to hong kong becauseof the great review by the tripadvisor contributors . and also because it be one of the hotel on ax 's fine resort     hotel program which give me an upgrade at check in . the hotel entrace be not grand as would be expect as compare to many other five star hotel such as the ritz carlton or the four season , but the view of the harbor from the lobby bar , the outdoor hot tub , the restaurant , to our room be breathtaking and worth every penny . the fitness center open   hours with exceptional equipment , one of the best treadmill i have use compare to other   star hotel that i have stay at throughout the world . i will definitely stay at this hotel again

the view from the hotel be probably the best possible to see the harbor which be everchanging and fascinating to take in . the service be very attentive , they remember my name , how i like my room prepare during the two week i stay there . there seem to be no request however simple and small that be too much trouble for them , and i notice large event be gorgeous . the hotel be a wonderful place to eat , spend time in , return to after a hard day work or sightsee as the location be very easy to transport to and from . the view from the immaculate and hygenic whirlpool , pool and lounge area where you can also order food and drink be wonderful , intersting , romantic , engage and everchanging . as a solo woman traveller i feel completely safe , care for and attend to as well as if i have be travel with a companion in the dine area etc

this be quite possibly the best hotel i have ever stay in . it 's all so perfect   great location , charming and helpful staff , luxury , comfort , great restaurant

have just return from a four day stay at the intercontinental , hong kong , i can only endorse the glow report already post by previous reviewers .

trip advisor be always my first choice website to select hotel , with the intercontinental now at     this be clearly vindicate

we stay here for   night mid sept and it be absolutely fabulous

it 's all true . this be the best hotel in the world . why

my wife and i have just return from a around the world trip

i be so impress ! walk to the lobby , check in , escort to the room , amenities . great service

the best jacuzzi not the pool in hk , with the best harbour view possible . an unforgettable experience look the sunset inside this jacuzzi with a drink  

on a long business trip , i first stay at the intercontinental as we didn have time to look for a hotel and i be member of intercontinental loyalty program

we stay here for the first leg of our honeymoon and what a fabulous hotel . the rooms be spacious , spotless , all ameniities you would expect , include ipod dock for bose sound system

simply one of the best city centre hotel in the world . the view be perfect , service impecible , fantastic pool with an infinity whirlpool that must have the best view in hong kong overlook the bay

stay at this hotel for three nights . upon arrival at the airport in hong kong , if you have n't book a transfer you can go to the hotel desk which be locate within arrival  they take your luggage to one of their car which whisk you straight to the hotel . on arrival , we be direct to reception who take us straight up to our room on the   floor to complete check in . a few moment later , a pot of jasmine tea be in the room as a complimentary welcome drink . room be very large with a lovely double bed , and a seperate shower and sink bath

be this worthy of be in       place to see    ? yes , probably . very expensive , but all in all wonderful

we book for five night and six days . we be on our last day in the hotel and be hit by typhoon nuri yesterday so we get to experience most of their facility since hong kong shut down . we book through their internet website and contact them through email . we have ambassador privilege , use the airport limo pick up and drop off services , try most of their restaurant , gym , spa , laundry dry cleaning and concierge services . we book a superior harbourside room , get upgrade to deluxe and have club access

stay here for   nights  perfect location , amazing view room   of harbour . lovely bed and wonderful bathroom with sink bath and great shower . staff extremely helpful     friendly . would definately recommend this hotel for a luxurious

we have just return from honeymoon in hk , oz and bali . we stay in all   star hotels resorts , and without a doubt , the ic hong kong be the best hotel experience . we have expect great things from the hotel , give all of the review we have read before going . we be in no way disappointed . the service be world class , the view and amenities fabulous . the food be incredible . there be very little that i can add by way of additional information , in comparison to what other reviewer have posted . however , when a hotel pool which have outstanding backdrop view have staff to bring you a small tray with a cold water spray pump , face towel , a do not disturb sign and a wake up call request form , before your backside even hit the sun lounger , you know you be onto a good thing . i could not recommend this hotel highly enough . while the rates be relatively steep , you certainly get what you pay for , and more we be upgrade to a harbour view suite

my friend and i have a girl week away to hong kong and stay at this hotel . it be great . the location on kowloon be good . the hotel be large and look very date and pretty ugly from the outside but do n't let this put you off . the inside be spacious and modern . the staff be very attentive and helpful . the rooms be spacious with good view whichever side you be on . we do not pay the premium for the harbour view but we have a view over kowloon and towards the peninsula . the bathroom be massive with nice toiletry and lots of fluffy towels . we have the sunday champagne brunch which be a must . endless champers and all the food you could want , include caviar and lobster and the best view . the bar area be great and the view over to hong kong island be just wonderful . each night we would start the evening with a cocktail in the bar overlook the island with all the building lit up and then head off to the island in a taxi . the bars and club be definately better on the island but stay on kowloon be not a problem as the taxi 's be plentiful and cheap . also the spa , gym and pool be really nice , especially the infinity pool over victoria harbour where you can loung around watch all the harbour life . i have stay at the peninsula the time before but would stay at the intercontinental again over the peninsula as it be better value for money , the basic rooms be bigger and better and the pool and view from the bar much better

have stay at hk peninsula on last trip , we decide to save a little money on this trip and stay at intercontinental because we have a larger group that require three rooms

because of a travel snafu , i end up fly into hong kong two days earlier than my partner    so he give me an early birthday treat of two days at the intercontinental , in a harbourview room . he give me the choice between the peninsula and the intercon . i choose the intercon for its location and famous views . i 'd never be to hk before , and want it to be a nice experience , even if i decide to hole up in my room and sleep off most of the jet lag

quite possibly the best hotel bar   view in the

i stay at the intercontinental hotel in hong kong at the end of may and again in mid june . i thoroughly enjoy my stay on both occasions . upon arrive at the hotel you be greet with sweep view of hong kong by a check in staff that be very efficient and welcoming . the rooms be nicely furnish with flat screen tv and reasonably spacious , with bathroom that have a separate shower and bathtub

perfect scores all round for this hotel . i stop off in hong kong on the way back from europe for   days , and will definitely stay at the intercon again

we stay in a harbor view junior suite . to say the view from our room be amazing be a huge understatement . we have more than   degree view from floor to ceiling windows . it look like our rom be hang out over the harbor . at   every night be the light show on the building across the harbor . our view be just as good as that from the lobby , which be know to have the best view in town . the restaurant spoon in the hotel be excellent . great service , food and view as well . breakfast deliver to the room be very good . the breakfast buffet downstairs be quite good as well . i go to the peninsula to see what i think of it . i would not have be happy there . the hotel seem date and view not worthwhile . i ask the hotel to set up a private guide for me one day . this be quite good as i have limited spare time in hong kong and want to see as much as possible in a short time . in short , love the hotel and will stay again

we spend three night at the intercontinental in hk . we be four in two harbor view rooms with club access . this hotel be fabulous in every way . the view from the rooms be so incredible you just want to sit and gaze out your window . you feel almost as if you be on a ship , the harbor be so close . the rooms be plush with every possible amenity , include bulgari bath product , lovely the club lounge have wonderful view and the food be incredible . great breakfast , fruit smoothie in shot glasses , poach eggs on toast , really good croissant ! great snack , great wine selection lots of champagne , wonderful hors d'oeuvres . staff be wonderful as well . this club lounge have a good variety of seat club chair , table , sofa and tv 's in several areas . when barack obama be make a speech at breakfast time , we ask to have breakfast in front of a tv to hear him , and we be warmly accomodated

recently visit hk for a long weekend . while on the kowloon side , the intercon hong kong be worth a visit . we arrive quite late and the check be immediate and hassle free . spacious room overall , comfy bed , new , flat screen tv with bose surround sound , large bathroom . amenities be elemi   the intercon standard . huge window look out across the harbor provide you with wonderful view   day and night

this be a bench mark property   the best view  the best restaurant   spoon , nobu   outstanding club floor . above all outstanding

we have recently return from a five day stay in hong kong at the intercontinental and feel the experience at the hotel be the highlight of our visit . the view of hong kong harbour from our room be spectacular and watch the activity in the harbour highly entertaining . the room itself be nicely decorate and the marble bathroom be certainly large by most hotel standard and have every possible amenity . we sign up for the intercontinental club which be well worth the additional charge as it offer and excellent breakfast , tea service and drink with hors d'oeuvres before dinner . the manager of the club be very helpful with recommendation for shopping , and sightsee or whatever question we had . the restaurant in the hotel be uniformly first rate . service be uniformly highly attentive and spoil us for other hotel and restaurants . the intercontinental in every way earn the rate charge

stay at the intercontinental in kowloon be everything and more than we think it would be

wonderful hotel , the corner suite be out of this world , the view of the harbour be unbelievable

just get back from hong kong and this hotel be so worth the extra       ! i struggle with the cost initially but who know when i will be back in hong kong so why not splurge ! i do spend a lot on airline ticket so why stop there as state before , the view be the best . book a harbour view and you will love the view from your hotel window . the rooms and bed be very comfortable and nice with bose sound system we have ipod and love this system for in room music the lobby also have impressive view of the harbor and he laser show at night . the food and drink int the lobby be expensive but i do n't think anything compare to high tea or a cocktail while watch the harbour activity

the harbour view room be definitely worth it ! room have lots of nice modern touches . bathroom be spacious and well lighted . since it be x'mas time , a box of chocolate be give to each room . the staff at check in be pretentious . the staff at concierge be helpful and very friendly . hotel be connect to new world shopping centre , which be very convenient to us since we have breakfast there almost everyday during our stay . there 's also a grocery store inside the mall so it 's great convenience for stock up on water and snack

love this place and wouldnt stay anywhere else

we stay here for   night as a stop over on the way back from australia and it be possibly the best hotel experience i have ever have in my life . we arrive at about   , look tired and scruffy after a delay flight from brisbane but be treat like royalty from the minute we enter the hotel . we be amaze and delight to find that we have be upgrade from a harbour view room to an executive harbout view suite ! we be take to our room to check in and be stun by the amazing view of the harbour from the floor to ceiling windows that run the entire length of our room

we stay in a harbour view room with club facility for   days on our outward journey to sydney

one of the best hotel in hong kong . easily accessible to shopping , sights and public transportation . magnificent view of the harbor . rooms be spacious , bathroom excellent with sink tub , flat panel tv . staff be very friendly . i highly recommend this hotel to anyone . i thoroughly enjoy my stay

book in here at the recommendation of a friend . be initially reluctant as be considerably more   even for a standard plaza view room   than i be entirely comfortable paying . especially , as i tend to think about hotel as base to explore rather than destination in themselves . however , the intercontinental be the most amazing experience and the facility and location be really the ice in the cake for my trip to hong kong

probably one of the best hotel we have stay in for location and spectacular harbourside rooms beautifully furnished . the lobby bar have a huge glass wall overlook the coming and going of the busy harbour . the breakfast buffet be the best i have see and do n't forget to treat yourself to dinner in spoon       alan ducasse famous restaurant for fabulous food and those spectacular views . stay at this hotel once in your life time

we start our china trip at this hotel and be spoiled . a wonderful hotel with great service and a must try buffet breakfast that be out of this world ! while you 're chowing down on breakfast , enjoy the panoramic view of victoria harbor , it 's simply the best

the only negative be lack of drawer space only three and oversize hanger limited hang space in closet . the service on all level be above average . the concierge be terrific

this hotel truly deserve   star plus , must be one of the world best . we stay for   days in feb in a superb room with breathtaking view over victoria harbour and use the club lounge , which worth every penny extra . wonderful food , fabulous location , helpful efficient smile staff , spotless throughout with superb facilities . big yet personal

this have to be one of the best hotel in hong kong . we stay there for   night in february . we have book a room with a harbour view and we be certainly not disappointed . the view be spectacular and we could have spend the entire time just look at the everchanging harbour scene . the club facility be out of this world , food be excellent as be all the services . the staff be wonderful and the pool area be to die for . i would go back tomorrow

we spend age and age delberating on where to stay in our first ever visit to hong kong for christmas   , and be please to report that we get this absolutely spot on

oh my , what a wonderful hotel to be stay in ! we arrive from the port in a brightly colour rehabus specially for wheelchair expensive though , to be meet by the director of guest relations . she sit us down in the magnificent glass wall bar on the harbour 's edge to check us in , with fresh juice , and within a few moment we be whisk up to our very special accessible room . two bellboy and our vast luggage be already await us

this hotel be fantastic . such a great location . we look a number of property to stay in in hong kong kowloon and choose this property for a combination of price , location and the room be offered . we look at stay on hong kong island but have visit during the stay be so glad to have not . you get the best of the buzz of hong kong while be absolute waterfront and by far the best view in the house . the nightly light show be right there and you feel like you could almost touch it

i have stay here on business a number of times over the last few years before their rates and my travel budget fall out ! and i have always be very impressed . so much so that i even book it for our honeymoon and it do n't disappoint . my wife be blow away by the place and it be perfect for the   days we spend in hong kong

i stay in a junior harbour view suite at the intercontinental for   night in november   this be a pleasant time of the year to visit hong kong , when it be dry and warm . the hotel be locate on the kowloon waterfront and be only a   minute walk from the star ferry terminal . it be also a   minute walk to nathan road . this make it an excellent base for explore hong kong

we stay in this hotel in a harbour view executive room for two night on a combine business leisure trip . i have to say this hotel rank in our view as one of the best in the world   maybe even the best . service be outstanding , from the porter that await you at the airport right down to the butler that bring you a fresh cup of chinese tea shortly after your arrival . the location ca n't be beaten , simply close to everything relevant in hong kong . compare to the ever famous peninsula , that be currently surround by building site , we feel that the intercontinental offer much more value for money . there be some terrific restaurant in the hotel , such as spoon alain ducasse and nobu , both world class . overall a fantastic experience , score   out of  

we stay in this hotel for thre night at the end of our honeymoon in dec . we have a fanatastic experience . the staff be all incredibly friendly and oblige from the moment we step foot inside the hotel

the intercontinental hong kong be a luxury business hotel occupy the best patch of real estate in tsim sha tsui . we spend   night there as part of an around the world trip , and be thrill with the service and experience we have

i travel to asia on business about   times per year . the intercontinental be by far the best hotel i have stay in when travel to hong kong

hear now   jan on the   floor also use the club lounge first class service central for shopping pool be close for repair the food in the hotel be very nice if i be hear longer i would need two seats on the plane to go home every shop brand under the sun need plenty of days to get round we will come back and stay heat again also good pick up

book   night while visit home w  hubby yeah , i be from hk . want to splurge on a fancy place for christmas   pay   hotel website       prepaid thru agent for dec  

i like to base my review on both quality and value . without a doubt , the intercontinental have quality in spade , but it be tremendously expensive to stay there

we be frequent visitor to hong kong and be aware of this this hotel in an eye catch location of kowloon . i book a standard room there for   night use my priority club point , and that maybe the reason of our treatment

the view be spectacular   stay in a harbour view room it be absolutely worth it . the service here be also fantastic by all member of staff . actually feel like they really do care that you enjoy your stay at the hotel not often the case

the service here be wonderful ! one morning the shuttle for the train leave a little early and the bellman run after it . it be beautiful and keep up in an impecable manner . many of the employee speak english . two days while we be there , there be a typhoon warning . the desk agent explain what we should do and that if we need help just call them . as we come back to the hotel , the doorman greated us at the street with an umbrella and warm towel , it be delightful

this hotel be utterly amazing . we have a fifth floor room . one wall be all glass look out over the harbour . breath taking . every detail have be think about . we be whisk through reception , give delightful tea , take to the room by a charming young lady . the room be superbly appointed . without shadow of doubt the best hotel expereince we have ever had . there be at least two stunning restaurant as part of the hotel complex   spoon and the amazing japanese experience at nobu    again both with incredible viewsover the harbour and the sky line , both with exquisite food . the pool be also excellently appointed . above all else it be the level of service that we most appreciated . every member of staff be cheerful , helpful and incredibly well trained . louis baleros at the front desk be a knock out concierge . i doubt he could ever be better ! he help to perfect our stay . this hotel be within a whisker of perfection

my wife and i stay for two days . take option of upgrade to a junior suite . huge , well appointed room with a magnificant view of the harbour . good service and food . dramatic location of swim pool and hot pool

i recently stay at the intercontinental hong kong hotel for   night and i can say that it be one of the finest hotel i have ever stay in . the minute i enter the hotel reception i be amaze at the view of hong kong island from the lobby bar , possibly the most spectacular view of hong kong island . i have a harbour view room and the room itself be large , spacious and beautifully appointed . i eat in the steakhouse one night , try the buffet for lunch one afternoon and have dinner in the lounge bar another evening and i can say that the food here be excellent . the cocktail in the lounge bar at night be a little on the pricey side but realistically you be pay for the view . you can get quite a good inexpensive breakfast in the cafe at the front of the shopping centre beside the hotel . the attention to detail and service in the intercontinental be second to none . the location of this hotel in kowloon be also great as it be in walk distance to the star ferry , various restaurant and tourist sights . i would have no hesitation whatsoever in recommend this hotel to anyone who be think of visit hong kong

we always try to stay here when visit hong kong , because the view over the harbour be wonderful , and the service be so good as well . we be greet outside as soon as our car pull up and lead straight to our room to check in . we need a room early and one have be make ready for us . we choose to book use of the club lounge , which offer an excellent breakfast buffet , afternoon tea with sandwich and cake , and evening cocktail and canape , which be all marvellous . the staff be also happy to make pot of tea at any time , and welcome us back as soon as we arrive

this remain my favourite hotel to be in hong kong . not quite the class of the peninsula , or 'where it all happen ' at the mandarin oriental , but with fabulous view , lots of space and impressive service . this time , i be particularly impress at the pool to be offer a pool 'concierge ' to wake me up at a certain time , or prepare drink , provide cold towel etc   despite be cold , i be give a portable fan . wonderful touch ! great breakfasts . only negative be the door man , when i leave , make it quite clear that he expect a tip . all he do be open the door ! i have just generously tip the porter and do not expect to be make to feel uncomfortable when leave a fine hotel of this exceptional calibre

we stay for   night from the   , as the last part of our trip before head back to australia , and we be upgrade from a deluxe harbour view room to an executive suite , which be very generous of them . the rooms be all very spacious and comfortable , facility be great , and service be top notch . anything require be bring up promptly , and the butler draw bath be a very good way to start and end the day . i would highly recommend use of club intercontinental , where service be also very attentive and prompt . their bentley limousine service to the airport be a very fitting way to finish the trip , and we highly recommend this hotel and it 's services to couple look for a romantic getaway

from the outside you could n't guess what expect you . regular building without any particular atraction despite be on the waterfront . by the same second the doorman open the door for you , you will be flabergasted with the lobby view . wiith   floor size glass you have a great view of vitoria harbour . the kind of view , you just want to sit and be quiet . for all this you must request an harbour view room , unless you be happy only with the lobby . big rooms , nice and cosy beds . confortable pillows . electric blinds . extra modern sound system . spacious bathroom room . the breakfast be also with the same view and the food be great . nice shoppig area inside hotel .   famous restaurant nobu     alain ducasse . and be just a   minute walk from tsin sha tsui star ferry terminal . great location and a great hotel

we have just return from a trip to china and our first hotel stay be at the intercontinental hong kong . this be a fabulous hotel locate right on the harbor . the view be fantastic especially at night and we never have to leave our room to enjoy them . service be top notch and staff be extremely friendly and willing to accommodate any request . rooms be plush and well appoint with all amenities . large bathroom with spa tub . excellent restaurants . location be great for shopping   there be a huge shopping mall connect to the hotel and an underground walkway link you to nathan road and museums . the star ferry be a block away . worth the price

i stay in the intercontinental at the beginning of october and be really pleased . the rooms and bathroom be of a very high standard and be fairly big for hong kong . the furnishing be of an excellent quality . service be very good , just press the butler button and somebody contact you straight away

what can i say ? i book the hotel for   night on our way to australia use our priority points . i have upgrade the room to a harbour view and pay an extra Â £   and it be well worth the extra ! we arrive at reception and be take up to our room to check in . it be dark when we arrive and this be the best possible time to appreciate the view ! i have see review on tripadvisor and this be one of the main reason i book the hotel , but my husband not take much interest until he see the view from the room ! the window take over a full wall of our room and we be wow with the view look over the harbour to hong kong island ! i be so look forward to it but words could not describe see the island all lit up from our hotel room ! as we be celebrate the hotel have arrange a bottle of champagne , fruit and strawberry with chocolate which be lovely

we stay at the glorious intercontinental for   night as part of our honeymoon in hong kong and be absolutely delight with our stay

we stay at the intercontinental for   night as a stop before go to sydney and it be one of the best hotel we have ever stay in we have stay in a lot of hotel around the world ! . after a   minute drive from the airport we arrive at the hotel and as we be on our honeymoon we make a point of tell them this and we be upgrade to a junior suite not easily though as we have to haggle for it ! the only junior suite leave be on the smoking floor which we do not want but we decide to check it out to see if it be ok before reject it . we be take to our room and lead down a bamboo line corridor and take to the last set of double door at the end . we go inside and be firstly shock by how amazing the harbour view really be it be simply spectacular and as we arrive in the evening it look even better . the suite be immaculate and have more than we could have want   we be even buy complementary chinese tea and fruit to welcome us . over the   days we be at the hotel we visit the ispa twice and i have to tell you it be possible the best spa i have ever be to . we be treat like royalty and have several massage and treatment which be incredible . we also lounge by the pool and take a dip   you be look after so well everywhere in this hotel . we also eat at nobu which be also amazing   much better than london nobu in my opinion . they really have think of everything at this hotel and even things you would not have think of ! i would definitely recommend this hotel even if it be on the pricey side it be well worth it if only for the outstanding service , view and facilities . i would definitely stay here again   maybe on a second honeymoon   

stay at this hotel for   night before a transfer to mainland china for a week long tour . just stay there one night , i can tell you this hotel be amazing . our room be beautiful , the service be top notch , the location be perfect right next to canton road where all the shopping be , right next to museum , good restaurant include   very upscale amazing restaurant in the hotel , nobu and spoon everything about this hotel be   star . if money isnt an issue , this be the place to stay . be delight with everything about it

stay at the intercontinental for business , base solely on a desire for priority club reward point , and find myself extremely impress ! after look at other hotel around town , i be convince this be the best in terms of value and service

my husband and i always stay at four season hotel with the exception of hong kong we really believe that the intercontinental be a hard act to follow or beat . the service surpasses any   star hotel i have ever stay in

we stay here for   night and we have a fantastic view over the water . just couldnt stop look at the view . one morning we open the blind and a cruise ship be go past , feel like it be in the room . the view at night be very nice

my wife and i stay at the intercontinental for   days . the service and facility be impeccable . our harbour view room be clean , spacious and deck out with contemporary asian furnishing and decor

we stay   and really have a wonderfull time . we ask for a harbor view room and it be breath taking . food be very good but expensive , rooms be nice size and very confortable . location be excelent ! i like it more than the penninsula and price be much better ! ! ! i 'll will definitly go back and stay at the intercontinental

we have visit this hotel twice in the last   years . on our first visit we book a deluxe harbour view and be upgrade to a junior suite and on the second we book a pool view and be upgrade to an executive pool view

my wife     i mid   's recently stay at this harbor front property , where we have a junior suite room   that compare favorably to any of the finest hotel rooms we have stay in . our room look directly out on the harbor   at night we leave the curtain open in order to enjoy the incredible vista . the bed be super comfortable and the bathroom be quite large , w a separate tub and shower the tub 's jet be not very powerful . large closet with safe . complicate tv stereo set up we have to call for help ! but great bose sound system

hong kong â € ™ s intercontinental be the ideal business traveler â € ™ s hotel . when inside the hotel , i can almost forget that i am not in ny

stay here in november   , on our first visit to hong kong . we 'd originally choose another hotel , but change to the intercontinental on a recommendation , and prove to be thr right choice . room be stunning deluxe harbour view , on the   floor , with massive bed and fantastic view , straight onto hong kong harbour . this make it worth the money alone !

i am certain that my experience be somewhat unique to my situation , and may seem foreign excuse the pun to those that do n't fully understand the unspeak complexity of hong kong society . for background purpose , i am a chinese american that frequently travel to hong kong on business . firstly , for those that do n't know , it be generally understand by chinese people almost everywhere that hong kong chinese people employ discriminatory practice against other chinese people . it sound strange , i agree , and i am not sure i believe it myself until i experience it first hand at the intercontinental

we stay at this hotel on our outward journey to taiwan in may   on arrival as we get out of our taxi we be greet by a concierge who ask our names , then speak into a voice boom and by the time we get to the reception desk we be present with our card key now thats service

amazing ! i have be to hk many times and stay in many hotel and this be bar none , the best experience ever . the service be extraordinary , the rooms impeccable

although on kowloon rather tha hong kong island this hotel have a great location be fantastic views . the room be small but have a fantastic view of hong kong harbour and be very luxuious with all the amenities you need especially the bathroom and great room service

i be in hong kong for a brief vacation alone . stay at intercontinental for two night and out of surprise they give me a suite on the highest floor ,   although not with full harbor view , still a very enjoyable stay

we stay at this hotel for business and be happy in every aspect of our stay . from the view , to the eager service , to the unforgettable breakfast we still talk about it , several month later , our stay here be one of the best

i stay at the hotel for   night from   may . my room be on the   floor and be not a harbour view . the view we get be a construction they be do on their pool  spa floor

stay here for two night use priority club points . very nice hotel . there be some refurbishment work go on at the front of the hotel and the pool be but this be still the best hotel i have visit in hong kong

i do a lot of research to choose a hotel for   night in hong kong on our way home from a month in new zealand . i come up with this one and never regret it . the view from either the hotel lobby and

an absolutely fantastic hotel one of the best i have ever stay in , the room be immaculate and the staff couldnt possibly do enough for us   i would def recommened this hotel to anyone think of stay in hong

we stay at this hotel for   night at the end of march , use points . due to a flight delay , we arrive in the evening , tired and hungry . after be escort and checked in into our rather small room for the   of us , we be advise that the hotel be under go some construction in various area , include the pool from   we could , however use the pool next door at the renaissance . we check it out and do n't find it terribly convenient or attractive so we do not use it

on its web page , it be acclaim as one of the top hotel in the world . while this may be a slight exaggeration , the intercontinental in salisbury road not to be confused with the stanford intercontinental in mody road , kowloon , hong kong be still very

we have just arrive home from a trip to hong kong and thailand visit family . we have a   night stay in this hotel   quite simply it be utterly amazing . my only stipulation when investigate where to stay be that it have to have a fantastic view of hong kong island . the view we have from our deluxe harbourview room surpass expectation   it be simply amazing as the attach photo 's hopefully show . surely the best seats in town to watch the nightly light show from

my wife and i stay at the hotel for two night in march   we have book use point and be delight to be upgrade when we arrived . we be also able to book in at       in the morning . the room be spacious with a walk in shower and bathtub . we also take advantage of the club intercontinental which provide a beautiful view of the hong kong skyline . the staff be incredibly friendly and attentive . the hotel be immaculate . although undergo some renovation which our room overlook , we be never bother by the noise . a great place to stay with one of the most scenic view of hong

wowsa , view view view

greet at the lobby of the intercontinental hong kong ic hk like we be celebrity , a hotel representative â € œ check us â €  into our room bypass the front desk routine on the sixth floor with a panoramic view of victoria harbor and hong kong island . he advise us that the hotel be undergo construction , which we already know about , and that we may experience some noise during the day . not one , but two bellman deliver our four piece of luggage before our â € œ in room â €  check in be complete  the first of many example of china 's large and powerful service sector

the ic hk be a hotel almost without peer . the standard of luxury be outstanding , the facility be top notch and the service be beyond stellar whilst be sutble and discreet . to top it off , the location of this hotel affords it the finest view of victoria harbour from kowloon side

we stay for   night over the valentine period and be delight with the hotel

well , i am type this in our junior suite at the intercontinental and i really can not work out what the recent negative reviewer be look at . perhaps they stay in the 'other ' intercontinental in hong kong   the grand stanford    ca n't comment on that because we have never be there

we stay   night in a harbour view room . it 's true that the view be amazing , really fascinating so that 's a good point . the room itself be nice but would need some redecoration . it 's not at the level of four season for example . you can feel it have live many years but still , it 's ok . it 's just not a good value for the money you pay in our case we pay   + + hkd night without breakfast

we stay at the intercontinental hong kong for   night from december   we have superior harbourview interconnect rooms for oursleves and two child

despite its reputation as be one of hong kong 's best , this hotel be one that be extremely over rated and very poor value for the money . service and quality be about equivalent to that of a   star hotel or   star at max . the impression be far from a   star deluxe hotel . the rooms , although large with magificent view of the harbor , be far from impressive . it be very date and not at all befit of the hotel 's reputation . turndown service be overlook or not provide i am not sure which be no big deal but somewhat of a standard expectation in a hotel of this price and category . check in be horrid , be very crow and right in the center of the lobby . the feeling be that of a large convention hotel versus the luxury property they boast to be . for the same price or even less one can stay at the peninsula across the street and be truly awed

on reading   's review of this hotel , i decide to take the plunge and book into this hotel over the holiday in a harbour view suite as suggested . the room be date , our harbour view be one little side view . i basicly fall for benlee 's comment because he she state that their favorite hotel be the four season and so be mine . better than the f , never in a million years . we flee the buffet down stairs , however the conciege manage to secure us a table in the steak restaurant which be nice . the view be not as spectacular as other hotel in hk and after our stay in this hotel i would never book the ic in any country in the world again . i will stay with four season know that they will provide me with the best service and will compliment my vacation with four season style . when i try to move location the f be book , but we manage to stay at the grand hyatt hk and that be much better

low rating for that hotel be a joke . i guess it 's     overpriced    for

hotel be very expensive   you be just pay for the view . this be a great view , but we would go cheaper next time . the room be clean , large , with great bathroom facility , all the little touch have be think out and notice , room service very prompt and efficient . the only downside , be the reception area lobby lounge , as there be alot of non residents come in for afternoon tea , and it do n't matter that you be stay there and would like a table , or need a drink , you have to get to the back of the queue and wait . after search the hotel for another bar area it be only   and get nowhere with the staff we leave and go out for a drink instead . also have to say that when you leave the hotel and wait at the main door for a taxi , do n't expect the   or so staff to acknowledge you whatsoever , even though its there job to get you a car or taxi . just to point out we be stay there for   days and each day be the same     it â € ™ s very disorganized . now we have do it we will stay elsewhere in future

i have not stay at this hotel since ic take it over a few years ago . my return be wonderful . the view from out floor to ceiling windows of victoria harbor be unmatched from any other hotel in hk and perhaps in any city in the world . we could almost touch the boats . the walkway in fron of the hotel be great for jogging . the star ferry be close by for a trip to central and we do some of our christmas shopping in the nearby malls . the best addion be spoon , which i consider to be the best western retaurant in hk . the service be great and the guest relationship manager send up a bottle of vintage chamagne for our anniversay . that make the trip memorable and i expect to stay at the ic for my future trip to hk

i stay in this hotel when it be a regent . i be anxious to return , but the experience be just average . nothing particular , but not the great experience i hope , for . the breakfast buffet be superb , but not at the price of     you need something other than the great view of the harbor , for these price

my family and i stay at the intercontinental for two nights . the hotel be in an ideal location with easy access to adjacent shopping mall and the mtr . somehow this property be extremely overrated . first , i have serious communication issue with the receptionist . they speak decent english , yet poor mandarin . it be fine for me to communicate in english with them , yet my mother and sister have a tough time communicate with the hotel staff . i find it to be chaotic that a five star hotel staff could not speak decent mandarin . on the other hand , i be extremely disappoint at the room i original booked . the superior contemporary city view room be very small with a poor view . the only view one can see be buildings . yet this wasn â € ™ t the worst part . i request for an extra bed in the room because there be three of us stay in the room . a few days prior arrive at the hotel , i phone the hotel and request the bed to be add in my room at       , and the hotel honor my request . nevertheless , during check in , the reception insist to add the extra bed immediately . secondly , the bathroom have leak issues . every time , after take a shower or soak in the tub , the bathroom be semi flood already

stay here for   days thanksgiving weekend , harbor view room . really beautifully decorate room , stunning view . service be professional throughout , but not as warm as ritz carlton hong kong or metropark causeway bay hong kong

the intercontinental be a beautiful hotel , in a great location and amazing view of the harbor . unfortunately , this great experience be seriously poluted by a very negative customer service experience

enjoy our stay at intercontinental as a stopover en route to australia . at the time of choose the hotel we spend a great deal of time select the hotel with the best view . upon walk into the lobby area , we be hit by the most fantastic floor to ceiling windows and breathtaking view of hong kong island by night

the location be perfect , with one of the most famous view in hk . hotel style great . we go there in july   for our honey moon trip in asia and we be really welcome by the whole staff . the harbour view room be wonderful and allow great chill out in front of the bay . great service , rooms be perfect , it smell very good in the whole hotel . swim pool with a marvelous view , nice beauty center , we go twice during our trip , the first in a superior harbour view room and the second tim in an executive suite . the rooms be great , clean , well designed    the bar be really pleasant . we really recommend and will definitely go back . i try a lot of hotel in hk and this one be the best for me . very good for a romantic trip

on a recent trip to hk , we have the opportunity once again to stay at the intercontinental . i really do n't understand why this hotel be not in the top   hotel in hk . perhaps its age ? since its remodel i think the hotel be better than ever . the view be still spectacular , service be impeccable and the rooms have now be update with the latest technology . what could be better . well this past trip we stay in a suite with a view of the entire harbor . the room be beautifully appoint and include a jacuzzi tub , with its own harbor view . the tub be so big that   people could swim in ! needle to say we not need the infiniti whirlpool on the   floor , one day we will get there

we have stay in this hotel   times and it be by far the best hotel we have stay in in hong kong total   others . everything from the wonderful roof top pool to the waterside bar be just superb . staff be friendly and helpful , cleanliness be exemplary , rooms and bathroom be spacious , well provide and comfortable should add , have only stay in harborside rooms . the location be excellent , convennient for the star ferry   min , excellent art gallery   min , star walk   min outside hotel , harbour view shopping mall   min , metro  

the rooms overlook hong kong harbour and the view be absolutely fabulous . deluxe bathroom , large contemporary rooms , comfortable beds . very close to good shopping . i love this hotel . also the food be excellent in the restaurants . i have the use of the     executive level    amenities and they be wonderful too . very friendly and accomodating staff

we have just return from our honeymoon where we spend   night at the ic hong kong

we love our stay at this hotel . unfortunately it be only one night but we love every minute of it

i stay   night between china and singapore

we stay at this hotel as part of our honeymoon in july   this be hotel be fantastic ! as soon we walk it the service be excellent . we be upgrade to a suite with the most spectacular view of hk harbour . it be fab open the electric curtain in the morning and wake up to the sweeping view of the hk skyline . this hotel have the best view of the harbour anywhere in kowloon . the light show be excellent from our suite window which be huge ! breakfast in our room be amazing watch the chinese junk and star ferry go by the hk skyline  what a view . stay here you will not go wrong . the staff be amazing and they simply cant do enough for you . not use the resturants in the hotel that much so cant coment but you have to have tradtional dim sum lunch in spoon , get busy as local come and eat here as it the place to be ! as we be on honeymoon they provide chill champagne and come up to the room with beautiful white rose   how special be that

we have a harbour view room on level   which have spectacular view however each morning at   we be wake up by the sound of drill and jack hammer from the floor below and above and the noise and vibration continue all day until   there be no mention of the hotel undergo renovation on the website when i book the accomodation if i have know we would not have stay there ! ! for very little extra you can book the summer package at the peninsula harbour view room with breakfast and two massage include and no noisy renovations . i wish we 'd do that

have a fantastic stay at this   * hotel . take straight to room on   floor to check in and stunned by the unbeatable view of hong kong island . the room be superb with probably the best bed in the world ! make to feel really special as this be part of a far east trip to celebrate a   birthday . the guest relations staff lead by mina virda be fantastic and consider we have be to the far east   times in the last   years we can thoroughly recommend this hotel . it be also a very short walk from the star ferry and be ideally place

we stay at this hotel for   night at the tail end of a very exhaust two week se asia trip . this be the ice on the cake . the view of the harbor be spectacular ! we book a standard room , but because the hotel be do renovation and the initial room they assign us be loud , we be move and fabulously upgrade to a   bath multi room suite with a harbor view . the breakfast roomservice be amazing with hk island in the background

for our honeymoon in feb   , we book a multi city tour with a stop over in hong kong . we stay at the intercontinental hotel , kowloon , on the club floor . from the minute we arrive we experience   star service . the staff be very friendly and we be immediately escort to our room . what a surprise the room be , it be night and our room have a floor to ceiling window with view over look hong kong harbour . the view of the light show from the building on hong kong island be spectacular . we have book the club floor and the level of service be beyond   star , the facility and service of the club lounge be excellent , fine wine     champagne and excellent food . the main bar of the hotel have the most spectacular view of hong kong island at night , well worth a visit for a drink . you don â € ™ t need to pay a premium to book into other high profile hotel in kowloon for view of hong kong island , stay at the intercontinental kowloon and you win â € ™ t be disappoint

spend   night in a   sq metre executive suite , upgrade from a standard room due to my royal ambassador status . the refurbish rooms be fantastic bathroom not redone but mine look pretty new anyway .   inch tv , bose hi fi   dvd , antique in the corner , very classy decor . the suite be triangular , with the long side be one long   foot window overlook the harbour   astound

hong kong be a short stop over for us for   night , our expectation be truely meet and all our need cater for at this hotel

i stay at the intercontinental hk use to be the regent for the second time in march   the first time have be in   and it be just as incredible as i have remembered    maybe even better ! ! ! ! ! while most people think of the peninsula hotel across the street ! as have the best location , i disagree . all of the 'harbour view ' rooms at the intercontinental have floor to ceiling windows face the most incredible view of the very active harbour and the central district across the water . the   hour butler service be amazing , the concierge be always helpful with reservation , direction , etc . have the hotel pick you up at the airport    well worh the us     after the   hr flight from jfk on cathay pacific , of course ! the rooms be magnificent , restaurant too . the breakfast buffet be one of the best in the world ! it be lack nothing ! ! ! tea in the lobby be a must too ! hong kong be an extremely easy city to navigate     the mtr system be clean , efficient , safe      do use it . and the tst stop be just a very short walk from the hotel . yes , the hotel be very expensive , but very worth it . my only complaint be that they charge us     per day for internet connection . that seem ridiculous ! would i go back to hong kong ? in a heartbeat ! would i return to the intercontinental ? absolutely

i recently return after a one week stay at the intercontinental hong kong , this place show the rest of the world how to run a luxury hotel . as ambassador club member we be meet at the airport and whisk into the night after a   hour flight directly to our room for check in . great touch after a long flight . the view be by far the best in hong kong , the nightly laser light show be not to be missed . the buffet breakfast be probably one of the best in the world , the dinner be also impressive . the bar with the view be amongst the best in the world for view,service,facilites,live music . it be convenient to everything . the pool and spa be world class also . if it sound like i be impress by this place you be correct . the steak house restaurant be great , and i be from texas where we know beef ! over all this place rocks  

stay   night and hate to leave ! we be so happy with the room  perfect view of the harbor and the sound and light show which be on every night at   , unbelievable breakfast which be include in the rate , even a dock for the ipod and great tv to watch the academy awards . location be excellent  star ferry within walk distance , and many many shopping opportunity near by . lobby bar for the afternoon tea also include in our rate be just so relax and there be a separate section for non smokers . would definitely stay there again

we book the contemporary harbour view room and be not disappoint with the room or the view . the hotel be right on the waterfront on the kowloon side and must have the best site of any of the hotel

we book ourselves into the spoon restaurant for my birthday and despit my husband inform all staff that it be a special occassion , not one person extend any congratulations

i stay at this hotel for a week last year   my experience be amazing ! the staff there be highly train and ready to meet your request at the drop of a hat . try call the front desk and ask for extra pillows  you will literally hear a knock at your door minutes later . the breakfast buffet be the best   they have the freshest fruit ! enjoy a cup of tea to end the night at the lobby lounge and enjoy the fantastic view of the harbor  it 's breathtaking . spoon be a great restaurant probably my favorite   order the set dinner menu  you wo n't be disappoint but definately stuff at the end ! yu be great for fish but i hear it 's about to close soon because nobu be move in . ohh ! ! the gym for you workout fanatic be incredible    the minute you step on a machine there will be someone there to bring you a towel and a bottle water  the spa be great too ! ask for judy   she can give a great deep tissue massage ! i hope this helps   it seriously be the best hotel in hong kong   even the local would agree

arrive as very weary traveller to be greet by name from our coach and then sraight to our room , where check in take place with tea . great start ! the harbour view room be a must and be truly an awesome view . the room other than that be spacious with a fantatstic bathroom . choose where to eat within the hotel be difficult as there be a great french restaurant and a fabulous chinese restaurant as well as seafood and others . the lobby bar give us yet another chance to sit back and enjoy the view of the harbour . the rooftop pool be not to be miss simply for further scenery and the fact that you can watch the world go by below you

no view like it , there be no doubt    but we have to struggle to get it ! book a deluxe harbour view , and expect an upgrade be an ambassador club member . be offer a jr . suite in the corner of the   floor , old room and certainly not the view i come for    lots of sigh as we press our point . finally     found    a room on the   floor but demand an extra fee for a     renovate room    which i have booked  i pay it unhappily and will write to ic about this , really absurd . however , the room be fabulous , double size with terrific amenities . the bath be wonderful , plan on replicate it at home . food be fabulous , by all means do include the buffet as it the best i see in   days of travel around the world . the jacuzzis be very nice and the lobby bar be great , if difficult to get away from the heavy smokers . to sum up , hotel be lovely , service be good once i get past the check in desk difficulty , and all be forget once you see the harbour spread in front of you

this be my first time in hong kong and do n't know where to stay but be give expert advice by people who have visit hong kong before

beyond the exquisite room be unparalleled service . this be what a   star hotel should be like

i may be bias as they give us an upgrade to a junior suite and a bottle of champagne as it be our honeymoon , but this be a brilliant hotel . the view of hong kong harbour be the best i have see from anywhere in hong kong

just finish a five night visit , the first time since it be a regent hotel a few years ago . i switch from the peninsula after change travel date and the pen could n't guarantee a deluxe harbor view room . i be a bit concern afte reading a few negative comment about room condition , however i be relieved to see that at least all the renovate rooms be just as nice or nicer than during the earlier times and management . accord to the hotel ,     of the rooms have be renovate , so i would be sure to confirm one of them if stay there . i think the extra money for a harbor view room be well worth it and be the only way to go . would also recommend that you book a rate that include the buffet breakfast since it 's about     per person otherwise    that say , the buffet be probably the most spectacular i see in a month travel around s .e . asia and hong kong . it do seem that the bathroom , which be very large and have sink tub and a separate shower , be still the original pink and cream marble , but they seem to be in perfect condition . all in all , i really do n't think you can top this hotel for location , right along the new waterfront promenade , five minutes from the star ferry , and close to all the action in kowloon . unless business dictate a hong kong island hotel , for most visitor kowloon be where you want to be . the service be up to top deluxe standard in every respect , although in the typical hurry hurry hong kong manner . the large screen plasma tv in the room be a great advantage , with a complete stereo and movie cd system build in , along with a good selection of news and business channels , although espn be in chinese . all in all , i do n't think i would go back to the peninsula as long as i could get another deluxe harbor view at the intercon for about     less

stay at this hotel for   night and enjoy at immensly . it be true that the room decoration and furniture be in a pretty poor state , however the view from the lobby bar be amazing . we stay in a junior suite and have a wonderful view over to hong kong island . the food be good and the service be exceptional . a good location for explore hong kong and get the star ferry to hk island . the infinity pool be anice touch with great view over hk island . the staff could not have be more helpful and direct us to good restaurant when we want to eat out . i would stay again in the future especially when the room have all be refurbish

this hotel have that typically outdated foyer which be unfortunately find in too many far eatern hotels . we be in awe of them in the     's , now we 're tire of them

stay here for   night from   june . checking in service top class . due to re furbishment of hotel we be give an inward face room . this be ok if you want peace and quiet ,but view be of a blank wall . swim pool be also out for repair . i would class this as just an average city hotel situate in an area handy for sightsee and not noisy even although construction work on the building and road outside be take place

