where to begin , from the moment we arrive and walk into the foyer we feel we be at home   it be that welcome and comfortable

the location of this hotel be not the best   but , our overall experience be positive . we stay on the club floor . check in be super fast and efficient , our room be large , the bed be comfortable have the most wonderful pillow i have ever sleep on ! , comfortable chair with ottoman and reading lamp , nice bathroom amenities , the club lounge be terrific   a wide variety of well prepare food with friendly and helpful staff , with a beautiful view of the harbor . the main lobby be a bit boisterous , and i would n't describe the decor as understate

i stay   night . hotel , room , service , breakfast all be super . highly recommend ! ! ! ! !

go to hong kong with my mum in february   and it be absolutely amazing ! would love to go back some day . the people be friendly , the food be fantastic and there be so much stuff to see and do you be never bore

i stay with my family   brother , sister in law and small nephew

intercontinental grand stanford hong kong be quite a disappointment and unsurpassed by any other intercontinental hotel i have visited . i didn ‚ Ä ô t find the five star hotel environment promise neither the friendly staff . the check in be not the most pleasant experience and the room we stay in for two days be rather old and unpleasant . it may be perfectly locate , but we do not enjoy the hotel to the same extent as we do in other intercontinentals around the world

the hotel be magnificent and one of the best in hongkong . service be incredible and you will find all friendly staff . overall extremely luxurious hotel to stay in hongkong

we stay here for four day and three nights . our room be big , clean and the bed be to die for ! the view from our room where awesome

the hotel lobby be large but a bit old , the front desk be busy but the receptionist be nice and spend time to escort us to the club level to check in even she be busy   good and helpful . check in procedure be smooth but we be not be introduce any hotel facility e .g . swim pool and restaurant in the hotel . we can access to the club anytime for drink and snack from early morning until almost midnight , however , staff there be not nice enough to provide us any drink especially one of the male staff , i think we should apologize to him as we have ‚ Ä ú bother ‚ Ä ù him to make us drink , maybe we be not welcomed . female staff chat and laugh very loud at the reception area and nearly everywhere can hear them in the entire club , we just worry be this intercontinenal hotel ? staff be not professional and poor service mindset , it be not acceptable in a so called   star hotel , only a mid aged male staff be nice and professional , the hotel need more mature staff like him and more training for the staff be needed . it be worth to pay more to stay another intercontinental ‚ Ä ì the real intercontinental ! ! !

treat like royal at this hotel . view be amazing from the room , conveniently locate next to a sogo and tsim east station

i be a platinum member with starwood hotel and even as nice as their bed be , they do not beat intercontinental 's grand stanford hotel 's beds . great firm mattress , huge pillow , wonderful down blanket give me a wonderful sleep everynight . upon arrival , my husband fall ill due to drinking the water in another part of china . during his stay , the staff could not have be more attentive and caring . our   floor room maid ,     ying    be especially helpful and treat my husband considerately everyday give his inability to leave the hotel room . she replenish extra hand towel everyday and do all she could to make sure my husband be comfortable . the hotel also serve a wonderful breakfast for those that have it include in their stay . great breakfast selection for all type of appetites . rooms be excellently decorate and the harbor view rooms be worth every penney . hong kong at night be especially beautiful . the concierge be more than happy to direct you to wherever you may want to go . one particularly good tip he give be the sticky finger bar half a block away with a terrific band . i would not hesitate to reccomend this hotel to anyone travel to the area

i be a bit worry about this hotel after read the review on tripadvisor about it , but be pleasantly surprise

i book the intercontinental think it be the only one in kowloon till the taxi driver from the airport and dump my wife and i in front of the intercontinental on salisbury road . i enter that lobby where the restaurant be hum with activity at       at night with guest enjoy live music overlook the water only to be tell by the front desk that i be register at the intercontinental the grand stanford . i say i be an     ambassador    member and ask if the reservation could be switch as i do not want to get into another cab after a long flight . the hotel say no to that

so my friend and i decide to visit asia in may   we choose   country   hong kong , singapore , thailand and then back to hong kong for the journey back to the states . the tour company select the renaissance kowloon as the hotel of choice in hong kong . on our way home , we decide to stay   extra days in hong kong and want a different hotel experience , so we have book the intercontinental before leave the states . we pay a total of   for three   days . it be not worth it

i be actually stay now at this property , as part of a two night award . i must say that before arrive i be expect a barely   * hotel , base on the review find here on tripadvisor . well , all i wan na say be   this hotel be beautiful

love the attention , love the rooms and also the city !

the first thing about this hotel that make an impression be the staff . everyone from the bellboy , the people at the front desk and concierge , the waiters waitresses and the people from housekeep be very courteous and extremely helpful . they be always very ready to be of assistance and exert a lot of effort to attend to the need of their guests . we lose something on the airport express prior to our arrival at the hotel and the people of the hotel volunteer to try to locate what we have lose by contact the train company themselves . all throughout our   stay , we receive excellent service from all of the member of their staff

this be a great hotel in a great location and i would definitely stay there again . i pick up the rate through asiarooms com and this include a free breakfast each day . the breakfast be very good as it be a buffet with lots of fresh food both local and tourist friendly

on a recent trip to hong kong my partner and i stay at the grand stanford for three night with access to the club lounge facility

we   of us stay here for   night and have a great time . the hotel be luxurious and the service be excellent . we make good use of the sun deck and swim pool area which be fantastic . we use the hotel as a base and the location be great for star ferry and lots of shopping . to be right in the thick of it i think it would have be better to be on the island itself but we be happy to be slightly remove from it

i stay in this hotel for   nights . the check in be go quick , reception look nice and so do the lobby of this big business hotel . the staf be very friendly and professionel . the room i have singe , two bed room be about   meter , so it be not really big to say so . the view however be stunning ! i have a view over the hong kong skyline witch ofcouse at night be very beautyfull

this be our second trip to hong kong and this time to celebrate my wife,s birthday

we stay here for three night after be on a cruise ship for   nights . the service be great and the room be lovely with a marvellous view of the harbour . only about a ten minute walk to the centre of kowloon although there be a free shuttle service you can take advantage of

i buy this trip to hong kong from an agency in bangkok , and they offer several hotels . i choose this hotel after read the review in tripadvisor

we enjoy   night in this hotel on our way home from new zealand . while i enjoy my stay here i be a little surprise that the rooms be quite date for such a plush hotel . have say that this be the only downfall . the hotel be in a prime location with plenty of shop just around the corner and only a   minute walk from harbour city and the ferrys . the staff be fantastic and we be treat like royalty . we be not fly until   on our last day and so we ask could we check out at   , this be no problem also when we be check out we be able to store our luggage at reception and when we come back at   that evening they offer us the leisure centre to refresh and have shower before our flight . i think this be excellent service as we have check out that morning and it mean we be fresh go on our   hour flight . the chinese restaurant here be also good and probably the best food we hand in hong kong . heated swim pool on roof top be small but really

my wife and i stay in this hotel for   night in august   first we be give a room close to the lift and the house keep room when we complain about the level of noise they give us another room the next day this room be much quieter

what a luck when my husband and i have this magnificent view of victoria harbour just superb and we enjoy the chinese restaurant . so easy to walk even just cross bridge we can see the the movie walk and it just a beautiful experience  we really enjoy our stay

good location , lovely rooms . great service and supplement for harbour view worth

stay here for   night on far east trip . alsways stay at this hotel in hk and stay here many many times

i have stay at many intercontinentals and be expect this one to have all rooms refurbish with their new look , lcd screen etc . instead the room be the original staid room overdue for refurb and still   star prices . i believe the exec floor have be refurbed , but cost alot more . the rooms be about   sq m , adequate would have be plush in their day , and clean . we have a harbourview room and it be worth it with a great vista of hk . the cafe be fine , although better food or buffet can be find elsewhere . although there be plenty of eat place and some shopping around , the big mall and street shopping be   min walk away , as be the mtr . be prepare to use up time travelling . have a rooftop small pool with no outlook . fitness centre ok

we rate this second of the five hotel we stay at on our china trip   beaten easily , though , by its sister hotel in the financial district of beijing . the best feature be the view from our room   and a bonus be watch the olympic torch relay from the comfort of our own room

get an octopus card and airport express train ticket at the airport from the attendant not the

we be book into the stanford after research on ta and look for a big room in a good location , not too busy but easy to get around

we arrive from tokyo , and our bag where

we stay there for   days . we really have a good experience with the hotel . the service be excellent , especially the boy in the gym     swim pool . they be very polite , kind , and helpful

we [   adult and   child ] stay for   night in   interconnect rooms with a view over the harbour . the view be all that i expect of the harbour and the light at night be something to see . the child be keep busy watch the boat come and going . staff be great , and helpful . food pretty good , but the italian restaurant expensive . rooms be good , bed comfortable , bathroom perhaps require an update . shower curtain be a thing of the past

our stay at the ic be   the check in be swift , the rooms be clean and nice , the staff be very courteous and helpful . my family totally love the hotel and its location as shopping and eat be very accessible from there . special mention of thanks to pheonix and crystal from the front desk for their good work

i stay here with my mum and sister . the rooms be of a great size and the bathroom be very nice ! the lobby be quite small but the staff be very friendly and accommodate

we arrive at our hotel a little jade but be welcome with excellent service . the guy at reception also appear with a teddy for our four year old which be a lovely touch

i stay with my wife and daugther age   and son age   for   night in april ,   we stay on the kowloon side so that our kid could see the amazing harbor view accross to hong kong island , although we much prefer the hong kong side

we book intercontinental after friend talk highly of the hotel . little do we know that a scam await us when we arrive therein . intercontinental be in kowloon area of hong kong and the scam that await us be that we be book in intercontinental grand standford which be also in kowloon and two building away from the main intercontinental ! be rather disappoint for we have a   day stay and the rooms be way to small from what we have see online on the intercontinental site

i stay at this hotel with my husband for   night in april   we arrive at the hotel late evening and get off to a rather bad start . the reception staff be fairly busy but i feel like they be ignore us as we be look a bit weary after a long flight . i have book the hotel with ebookers month before our trip for a great price . when we arrive at the hotel the receptionist want to charge me for our stay again , as ebookers be claim that my card have decline despite me pay   month previously . i explain the situation and have paperwork with me to prove this but i feel i have to be rather assertive . the problem be n't really anything to do with us but a dispute between ebookers and the hotel , as ebookers have give me a really good deal but then the hotel have put up its prices . anyway , the hotel sort it all out without too much hassle but i feel it mar our stay there as i be treat rather snootily as ebookers have try to make out my card have decline when this be n't the case

this wo n't be the most extensive of review , however though i would share a couple of point

we stay at the intercontinental gran stanford for valentine day   it also coincide with my girlfriend 's birthday and the ig help make it a memorable experience . while we reserve a harbour view room , we be upgrade to an executive harbour view room which be one of the largest i have ever stay in . it have a gigantic window with wonderful view of hong kong island and its beautiful skyline . concierge be very helpful in aid our journey to the main part of hong kong as the hotel be locate in tsimshatsui . the interior of the hotel be first rate with very expensive restaurant and nice car park outside at the valet . our only negative with the ig would be its location . while the hotel be very nice , the surround area do not appear to be the best part of town . in addition , the walk to the star ferry be substantial about   mile , but of course taxis be available for very reasonable costs . otherwise , the hotel provide a excellent stay for us and would definitely consider it for a stay in the future

excellent hotel , good service . rooms very nice , although a separate shower be missing . internet be via wlan , ichat and skype friendly . only few hotel allow ichat through their firewall . this one do   great

my wife and i stay here for our recent trip . we split up our trip between kowloon and hk island . the hotel for the other part of our trip be the marriott courtyard on connaught pl in hk island . overall here be my impression

do n't quite have enough point for the other intercontinental that sit in a prime position on hong kong harbor , but this     sister    property just a few minutes walk away be more than adequate . my room have a nice view of the harbour   the only minus be that the top floor be not accessible by elevator so i have to walk up and down a flight of stairs to get to and from the room . room be very comfortable  no complaint

the extra long feather pillow cure my insomnia in an instant ! simply the best pillow ever , anywhere in the world

feeling weary from our overnight flight we be delight when the staff seem to

i stay here for   night with my wife during a business trip . this be an excellent hotel    very well run , efficient , friendly , clean and good ambience

i book this hotel after read all the great review about the intercontinental on here . i spot that there be two intercontinentals in hong kong and assume one be on the island and the other in kowloon . on arrival discover my mistake ‚ Ä ì both be in kowloon and both overlook the harbour and i have book the more lowly rate one

the service be first class at all level   rooms to a high standard   request dealt with immediately and professionally   do n't have a view from the room but do n't request or pay for one   easy walk to main shopping on nathan road or mtr   transfer available from airport   excellent

it be a surprising large room with harbour view . we like it , especially my young children . room rate be very reasonable . staff be always ready to walk a   mile . we enjoy the heated pool very much . it be pretty cold in the evening , and the pool staff bring us the extra towel to us warm even without asking . mtr be quite a long walk , we rather take cab which be inexpensive . there be also public bus just outside the hotel to place of interest . shuttle services be also provide to shopping area at interval hours . good value for money

after testing many mid to high price hotel in hong kong i have find ic grand stanford to be one of the best value . at times it can be have for a price of holiday inn golden mile   and it be a far superior hotel

the hotel be a standard business hotel , slightly disappointing as i have expect higher standard of a sister hotel of the famed intercontinental hong kong down the road . the lobby be quite small and do n't have any hint of a sea view . the rooms be smallish with a normal bathroom with tub shower combination . we have book the base     garden view    room which i do n't realize actually look on to an interior courtyard with some kind of garden , and a wall on the other side . which mean you do n't get to see the city or anything . at least this area have a skylight so you know if it 's day or night

very nice hotel that be maintain well and have great views . i would have give this hotel a   or   if it have not be for the concierge

ive just return from a hk holiday and have book this hotel primarily as get a good rate for a standard   bed room . the room size be big for hong kong , the location be good with several eat joint around and next to the harbour . its a   min walk from the nearest mtr which i find to be a problem drag my   yr old daughter especially when come back tired from our excursions . for the standard room , there be absolutly no view , all you see be a wall and a wee bit of the harbour , the charge be hkd   extra for the harbour view so we not take it but we not expect that the non harbour view would be a view of a wall ! ! ! the decor be a bit jade as its an old hotel but otherwise neat and nice , and the staff be efficient and courteous . the rooftop pool be smallish but good for kids . overall a decent hotel if you can get a good rate . otherwise , the nearby shangri la have better view rooms and next to the mtr

great kowloon location , good business hotel , rooms a bit on the date side , but all well maintain and i think one of the best manage hotel in hong kong . club lounge be very good , even though they now charge heavily for the privilege . only area a bit weak on be the pool and relaxation area . but then again it be a business hotel

my wife and i stay here after a month long trip around the world . the hotel ably assist us with transfer from the airport upon arrival and from the moment we step through the front door of the hotel we be treat like royalty

i choose this hotel as i put alot of time into read all review to ensure i pick a lovely hotel because it be my parent first visit to hong kong and i want to ensure they have a lovely stay in a lovely hotel

we stay at the intercontinental for   days and love our stay . my husband travel a lot and be quite picky about hotel but do n't have a single complaint . we have a great view and the staff be very courteous will definitely go back

my partner and i recently enjoy   night at the grand stamford intercontinental at tst , hong kong sar , china

a bit of shaky start to our stay as they try to put us into a smoking room but after that , the staff could not be more helpful . the rooms be quiet and well appoint with a huge flat screen tv . bathroom be spotless and toiletry supply excellent include loafah sponge . we do n't have a harbour view but spend most of our days shopping so do not miss the view . hotel be on the waterfront so very pleasant to walk at night to see the light of hong kong harbour . close to tsim tsa tsui east station   about   min walk , shop and restaurant include starbucks . breakfast be very good which become the highlight of our day

i have be through hk on business a lot in the last few month and find the grand stanford when the other hotel i be use be fully book

  location at reasonable walk distance from most activity in kowloon tst area . mind the confusion   there be another intercontinental   min walk , closer to star ferry area . this one go under grand stanford . the other ic be likely a few notch higher rank , although the grand stanford do n't do bad

recently stay at the intercontinental grand stanford in hong kong . we book through expedia with   week notice request a room which would accommodate   single beds . i confirm this with the hotel in advance ask for a proper bed not a rollaway as we be stay for   days

we spend the last   night in this hotel prior to our return trip to vancouver , canada . we make reservation and select advance prepaid deal from the hotel website , around   week prior to check in date . the advance prepaid would give you the best value especially if you be look for rooms face the famous victoria harbour , and within reasonable background view of the landmark hong kong convention centre . we pay around hk     , inclusive breakfast limited to   adult , and room tax which be equivalent of us     consider other   hotel along the harbour in either tsimtsatsui or across harbour in central area shangri la , mandarin oriental , jw marriott , conrad , etc charge around us       us     for harbour view room , this get to be the best lowest rate if you must have the harbour view

travel to honker with my business partner , we be there for a conference and a little r    r . the hotel limo pick us up as request after a short wait on arrival at the airport . the limo be a late model benz with a courteous driver who supply us with nice classical music on route to the hotel . well worth the money at     australian compare with     for a red cab

our   night stay at the intercontinental grand stanford hotel in hong kong be part of an extension package we purchase as part of our group tour visit to china . overall our stay at this hotel be very pleasant and enjoyable

i upgrade to a harbour view room . well worth the extra   when stay a week . great to watch harbour traffic in early morning with a coffee and a free newspaper and i never get tired of the night light across the harbour . pool be a welcome oasis during hot july

stay for two nights . check be ok but not the same friendliness we experience at the disneyland hotel . room be nice with a bad view   look into an office block

we stay five night at the grand stanford on two visit as stopover on the way to and from the usa in june july   we take an airport shuttle bus from the airport direct to the hotel , which be relatively cheap , but so very easy early in the morning in a strange country . this be well advise

we stay at the intercontinental on may   ,   and   ,   all i can say be     wow     by far one of the nicest hotel we have ever visited . service be excellent front desk staff helpful , room service exceptional , maid service thorough . upon arrival , we have a short wait for our room   minutes . we have reserve a king bed , non smoking , harbourview room well worth the extra charge . we be assign room   the room itself be very good size and comfortably lay out . the bed and linen be fabulous . the view be just breathtaking great to watch the light show . the room have a bit of a musty smell , but quickly     air out    as we come and went . very quiet hotel . breakfast buffet be amazing ! so many choice and different item each day . service be prompt and efficient . breakfast area be a bit cozy , but fine . hotel even arrange       be room service for us on the day we depart , since the buffet would not yet be open    no extra charge . we do not eat meal , other than breakfast at the hotel . plenty of close by dine option at lower cost . one evening we get     to go    from delifrance just across the plaza from the hotel and a bottle of wine and dessert from the bake shop fine food shop side entrance at the royal garden hotel just up the street and have a picnic in our room . plenty to see and do in hong kong . victoria peak and stanley market be a must . i have a suit make at sam 's tailor   nathan rd . . we enjoy explore the city temple street night market , great fun . can also recommend lunch or dinner at contro italian restaurant in the plaza right beside the hotel great menu , good service , delicious food . hotel be ideal location for explore beautiful walkway along harbor . ca n't say enough about the great time we have here . only downside   if you be unlucky and get a room with a view of the overpass    your harbourview be slightly obstructed . coincierge be very stuffy    he do help us with reservation and a couple of question , but we have the impression he would much prefer to deal with business traveler than tourists . this be an excellent hotel with a mix of both travelers . highly recommend

we stay at the hotel for   , and have a brilliant time . the hotel be fab . we have a full harbour view room which be lovely , good size bathroom , huge bed , tv , mini bar etc , and great to watch the light show in the evening . we go room only and pay for breakfast at the hotel which offer a good selection of buffet food

hotel be very classy and tasteful . we choose to upgrade to a suite but our suite be very noisy . when we complain we be upgrade at no extra cost to an even better room . staff be lovely . they do have issue with their billing service though and we have to query the bill more than once . pool and gym be great . rendevous buffet dinner and breakfast outstanding

we stay at the beautiful intercontinental grand standford kowloon hk , for our wed anniversary and we be upgrade to a suite with harbour view . we have a great experience our room so clean and we have champagne on arrival + chocolate cake they be so thoughtful hotel . the club facility be first class and the staff helpful and informative . we travel extensively and this hotel set a standard by which we will judge other luxury hotel . we even have some great food in the restaurant and be planning to return later this year . this hotel so close to everything to the tsim sit sthui shopping centre , disneyland and panda only take   hour   just use taxi cheap there

there be nothing wrong with this hotel it be as you would expect an intercontinental hotel to be , comfortable , professional staff and very nice rooms

we stay at this hotel at the end of an extend tour of china and , follow advise elsewhere , book a harbour view room . the additional expense be money well spend and we have lots of time watch the traffic in the harbour as well as enjoy the view on hong kong side

we absolutely love the intercontinental grand stanford hotel . we stay there for five night on our way back from italy to australia . the room be very comfortable , the service superb and we be completely delight with the view from our harbour view room which keep us entertain at all times with all sort of ship and boat come and go

stay here for two night en route to australia

this be a lovely hotel with probably the best service of any hotel i have encountered . whilst service standard at top hotel in hong kong be legendary , this hotel certainly meet and exceed those standard

we stay at the grand stanford intercontinental for   night during president 's week in february . i love everything about this hotel . it be truly a   star hotel at a   star price . we pay   hkd room night for a rate that include breakfast . we take   rooms because we be travel with our   children . i look into many other hotel before we book the grand stanford and it be literally half the price of the other major chains like the marriott and the sheraton and the other intercontinental . at the grand stanford we could have pay   hkd room night if we do n't have the breakfast include but i am so glad we choose to . the buffet breakfast every morning be amazing . the food be so vary and delicious that even after eat it for   days in a row we miss the food when we get home ! it really fill you up for the day . it be about a   minute walk to the star ferry and about an   minute walk to nathan rd but we be good walker and we walk mile and mile a day so the little bit extra do n't bother us at all . i be really impress that when we check in and go up to our rooms they be adjoin as request and the door be open between the two . i have email the hotel in advance about this and it really show me that somebody be listening . also the week we go the pool happen to be close for maintenance and i speak with the management about this because my child be really excite about swim in the rooftop pool . they do their best to make it up to us . they pay for a cab there and back to the sister intercontinental hotel and we use the pool there . they also buy us dinner for our trouble and i though that be very generous of them . we decide to prebook their car from the airport to the hotel for   hkd and it be wait for us when we arrived . that be a nice plus but you can easily take a cab for roughly half the amount . you ca n't go wrong either way   i think it be great that the person who meet us outside of customs bring bottled water for us   what a nice touch ! we book a   day city sightsee tour from able tours which be the in house tour operator of the hotel . it be a relax thing to do on our first day there and pretty reasonable   about   usd per person . we be upgrade to a harbor view room because we be ambassador club members . the view be amazing ! the bed be super comfortable and the bathroom be marble and very lovely . we love our visit to hong kong and we love come back to this wonderful hotel every night to rest our tired foot ! i highly recommend the grand stanford intercontinental . great stay ! ! !

my room be on the   floor overlook the harbour . the view during the day be good , but not brilliant due to the hong kong haze . but at night it be spectacular . you ca n't see the main skyscraper at the western end of the island , but there be plenty of other building that be part of the impressive   lightshow

stay here a few times on business , nice hotel , have stay at the eaton and royal garden also . royal garden my fave only cos of the fab new refurbish rooms on top floor and amazing roof top pool . but grand stanford a fave amongst my colleague , western hotel , good brekkie , typical cheesy singer entertaining the guest in tiffany bar in an evening , great foyer for meeting , nice afternoon tea , nice rooftop pool but smaller than the neighbour , comfy bed i sleep well   floor and above    

the hotel 's location be very good , the view from the windows be really nice . however the rooms be quite small , they be clean and confortable . the bathroom be small , but also clean and okay . the breakfast be nice , no complaint     i would definitely recommend it for business trip

very nice hotel , location be on the mainland about   min walk from the star ferry terminal which take you to hong kong island . if you can try and get a harbour view room as the view of the hong kong skyline be stunning

we have just return from a   night stay at the intercontinental grand stanford . i book this hotel base on the review i read from trip advisor and frommer 's . the hotel exceed my expectation ! we be fortunate to have be upgrade to a harbor view room and the view from our room be magnificent . check in service be excellent    very efficient , warm and polite . the room be a good size , the bed and pillow be very comfortable , and the bathroom have nice amenities . i would definitely recommend this hotel to my friend and relative and would certainly stay here again on my next hong kong visit . this hotel definitely give the best value for your money ! the same kind of luxury and view ! would easily cost you at least usd     more at comparable hotel

i like this hotel stay many times for business purpose

always great to stay at grand stanford . rooms be excellent and location brilliant . close to nathan rd but also a little away from the hussle . service be brilliant . have stay here on most visit to hong kong over the past   years and never

we recently stay   night here . overall very please with our experience . this be a luxurious hotel that probably fall somewhere between hotel nikko and intercontinental the other one in tsim sha tsui . the view from our room be great although not as spectacular as from peninsula or the other intercontinental . include tax , our total rate per night for a harborview room be just about     even per night . certainly not cheap . but when you consider that a harborview room at peninsula and the other intercontinental run at least     more per night , the grand stanford be what we decide on and it be the right choice for us in retrospect

we have just return from a   night stay at the grand stanford that include the new year . we book two club rooms with a harbour view for ourselves and our two son base on previous complimentary tripadvisor review and a decent price

after do much research on hong kong hotel we select the grand stanford . we book two club level rooms with harbor views . definitely well worth the price . the service we receive be truly amazing . although the hotel be fully book , not a day go by that we be n't greet by name by hotel employees . even our child   ,   ,       who be n't easily impress have the time of their lives . i feel that the location be perfect for us . it be about a   minute walk to nathan road , however , there be so many people walk around that area that i appreciate our hotel 's location . it be nice to just step outside and not be immediately in a crowd . the rooms be immaculate , good size and very comfortable . even though it 's a   hour flight from where we live , we 'd be back on a plane to hong kong     the grand stanford in a heartbeat ! you wo n't be disappoint stay here

great location , spacious rooms , very nice view if you have a harbour view , it be the third time i stay in this hotel . there be no indoor pool , just the outside pool on the roof . price be rather high , especially during trade fairs . great hotel , especially for business

stay at this hotel for the second time in   years and be glad to be back with my girlfriend the hotel be on the kowloon side which i prefer to hong kong island some previous review of this hotel i think have be unfair regard to hotel location the hotel be   minutes walk to the nearest mtr station and around   minutes walk to to the star ferry walk through tsim tsa chui promenade which offer one of the great view of the world their be also a high speed ferry to central hong

visit hk for leisure and choose hotel grand standford as i be an ic ambassador . upgrade to a deluxe room , which be a corner unit and it be bigger than normal rooms . room be clean though the window face the opposite south sea building , but i be n't complain as hk have start x'mas celebration and all the building opposite the hotel be decorate with beautiful x'mas lightings . service be impeccable ! all service staff , from manager to concierge , be attentive and make the stay very memorable and pleasant for my family and i . location be great ! it be only a   min walk to kcr and mtr station , plus , ferry service to central   ride can be take at a ferry terminal locate just outside the hotel . many restaurant , shop around the hotel , with dfs just opposite , so i do n't understand why there be many complain on the location

a   day business trip to hong kong , and the hotel room be the weakest part of the trip . the view be the windowless side of another building . the carpet show extreme wear in the traffic area by the door , by the bathroom , in front of the tv . water pressure be low in the shower . all of this would have be acceptable if i be not pay     + usd   night , and i have not already spend   night in other ich hotel in  

not a bad hotel . rooms be nice . we unfortunately have a room that look out on an office building rather than the harbor . they do n't seem to make the most of their location

i use the hotel in a business trip , i find it great . very clean very comfortable bed and pillow . perfect

this hotel be beautiful . obviously a touristy hotel that have a very asian style luxury to it . the rooms be quite large , the bathroom spacious , and the view be pretty good can see parts of hong kong harbour . only major problem be location   it 's not that bad , you can walk   to get to the main part of kowloon 's shopping area , but the main intercontinental hotel that 's right on the harbour have a better location

i stay at the intercontinental grand staford in hong kong as an ambassador member . my uprade be a lower floor   floor directly look into an old office building . so much for the promise upgrade of the ambassador reward program

our experience with this hotel     staff start off wonderfully ! ! we arrive at the hotel , via airport express train     subway , at   after our   hour flight from lax . our plan be to simply leave our bag with the porter     begin explore , check in be not until   but ! ! ! our room be ready     we be allow to check in right then no extra charge . what a blessing . that right there win me over on the hotel . but let 's move on

great view of the harbour city , great service , great hotel , great room , great food , great bar , great facility , great location , clean , comfortable , modern and the staff be always as helpful as they could be . it feel like a   star hotel but without a   star price . when i go back to hk assume the price be the same or similar i will definately stay there next time

i not really know where to start because there be so many great things to say about this hotel and the whole city

i recently spend   night at the intercontinental grand stanford during july   my expectation be quite high give the strong experience i ‚ Ä ô have have with other intercontental hotel and i leave very satisfy wit hthe experience

recently arrrived back from a week stay at the ic grand stanford , and be more than please with our stay . we search and read many review on trip advisor before settle upon this hotel

this hotel do n't have family room , with two teenager , we have to book   rooms cost us     per night room only , no meal form advance booking . my friend pay     per night . the two non connecting rooms we get on the   floor be both really smelly . the sewage smell back up to the room the minute we flush the toilet . we be disappoint with the price we pay and the hotel offer us rooms that smell like a public toilet as my teenager described . the hallway carpet smell bad too

what a fabulous hotel in a great location . as say on many other review , a club room be a must . the view of the harbour light show be spectacular from both the room itself and the club room on the   floor . this it what make it fantastic  a room for free drink , snack , afternoon tea , happy hour or even ice cream after dinner open from   until   after a hot day out , it be like come home to a friend 's house for tea the staff be freindly and helpful . the rooms be make up efficiently and on turn down one be always ask if anything else be required . i be travel with my husband and   kid age   and   with a club room , breakfast be include which can last you all day . you also get free internet  broadband connection in your room very close to the mtr station , space and science museam and only a few short stop by train to all the markets . if travel with kid i would definitely stay here and would not stay over in hang hom as shuttle bus and kid just do n't mix

we stay at the grand stanford for   night in may to celebrate my husband   birthday . from the minute we enter the hotel we be make to feel welcome . we be automatically upgrade to a club class room , with a view of victoria harbour that be to die for . one whole wall be a window , give the room a wow factor as soon as you entered . the room itself be large , allow plenty of space for the two queen size beds . the bathroom be beautiful with plenty of fluffy towels . the location of the grand stanford be convenient for all the usual sights in kowloon and there be a terminal for a fast ferry over to central on hong kong island directly opposite

we book a harbour view room , get upgrade due to the ambassador status , and receive an executive room . what a view ! we spend evening only stare out of the window . we simply love that part of our trip , and advise anybody to spend a little more on the harbour view

as with a lot of other reviewer , i choose this hotel due to the good review it 's get

my wife and i stay at this hotel on   and   march   , and love it . we rely on tripadvisor review and be not disappointed . we arrive late in the evening and check in be fast and friendly . we have a club harbour view room which be very comfortable and spacious , but be too busy in the two days to use the club facility , so in retrospect would probably have book a standard harbour view room

i stay at the intercontinental grand stanford for two week while work in hong kong . i have a wonderful time . i arrive at the airport tired and bad temper after the flight from seoul , and go to their courtesy desk in the arrival hall . they seat me in a hotel limo and away i go with no delay . the check in be smooth and courteous even deferential . i stay on the club floor with a harbor view which be incredible

stay here over easter   excellent first impression , good location cross the nearby footbridge to the promenade and avenue of star , very clean and modern

stay here for   night on the way back to uk from australia . i

stay here with our two teenage boy for just under a week in early april . we find the service impeccable , the staff so polite and friendly

thoroughly enjoy our stay . it would have be nice to have a room with a view of the habour , but we be n't in the room long enough     just to sleep and wash . room have everything you would need plus more . check in be quick and bag be deliver within   minutes after arrive in our room . enjoy that the hotel be away from the hustle and bustle of nathan road only   minute walk     good exercise

stay in this hotel for   days . staff be really friendly and helpful . room be large and spacious with a fantastic view over to hong kong island definatly worth the extra money to get a harbour view room

stay here on holiday in march   i probably set my sights too high , and be therefore a little dissapointed

we book a   stay with the hotel . this would be my   visit to hong kong in   month ' time . i book this hotel for myself     my family after read the fave review about this hotel

part one of our trip to hong kong and sydney see my partner and i stay here for   night enroute . from the very second of arrive to the moment we leave we 'd both say how fantastic this hotel be and how excellent the staff be

this be my favorite hotel in hong kong , although it be on the kowloon side   the staff be very helpful and friendly . the lobby be lovely , the place be incredibly clean and the rooms be reasonably size , the amenites be nice and the bed be comfortable    really comfortable . i always reserve a room with a king bed and sometimes the room overlook the street , sometimes it 's just a courtyard with a wall about   foot away , but since i do n't spend much time in my room and the view be n't important to me , i am not concerned . my priority be that the bed be good , the room be attractive , the television works well , that the bathroom be nice with lots of hot water and there need to be a safe in the room . i have to admit that i also like the robe , the slipper , the fact that there be a dvd player and often times they leave fruit for nibble and chocolate on the bed

stay at the gran stanford for   night and be very impressed . my room be spotless and very comfortable . the roof swim pool be great and i have it all to myself . i also manage to get into the club lounge and the complimentary food look very good indeed and so be the harbour view from the window

on reach the hotel we be lucky enough to see the christmas day firework and they be spectacular . the hotel itself be beautifully decorate and very busy for christmas day

though the other intercontinental get all the attention , the grand stanford be amazing . hands down this be the best service i have experience at any hotel anywhere in the world . by the second day the staff know my husband and i by name , and this be not a small hotel

from the moment we arrive at the intercontinental grand stanford to the moment we leave we be treat like royalty by the attentive hardworking staff . when book the hotel we be guarantee a harbour view room but be allocate one with a partial view at the side of the hotel . a quick word with reception and we be move to a full harbour view room which be wonderful , particularly as in the morning as we be able to watch the sun rise over hong kong island and in the evening have a magnificent view of illuminate h k

stay here at the end of november as a part of a package tour to china , w an extension to hk . first off it 's not as posh as the intercon hk formerly the regent but service and luxury be just as comparable . checking in be a breeze . the lobby be grand and comfortable with a decent lounge bar waiting area

arrival get off to a shaky start as our tour agent have mess our date up with the taxi service so we be not meet at the airport . the hotel desk clerk at the airport sort a lift for us and the hotel receptionist rang the company again to make sure they have the correct details . room be large and light , with lots of nice things in the bathroom and cupboard ! every evening , the housekeeper call for the turndown service with fresh ice and chocolate

my wife book a four night stay here as a birthday surprise for me , have never be to hong kong before . on arrival , we upgrade to both a harbour view room and the executive floor . both prove to be excellent choices . we have an excellent view of hong kong island , through the window that encompass the entire wall of the room

we stay at this hotel during a tour of china with ritz tours in september

ig be an excellent experience . rooms be spacious enough , esp . for hk . decor be very nice , with great electronic controls . bathroom be modern and clean with granite countertops . rooftop swim pool and fitness center be very nice , clean and rejuvenate

stay for   night as part of a three week tour of far east . hotel be great value for money although our room face onto a wall

the grand standford be a modern and characterless hotel . it aspire to a level of grandeur to which it fall short the lobby be vault and,on first impression look impressive but it do n't contain much except a nice curve staircase which take you up to the restaurant

stay here for at least two week as part of my honeymoon . althought we have some problem w this hotel , i 'd have to admit that the staff be very courteous     fairly professional . easy access when it come to transportation     location centralize . the problem that we have be the fact that i have state on my reservation that we be on our honemoon     request for a fairly nice view but be give a view w a brick wall at first . then we be charge for an upgrade but to only be give a view of the street . after the upgrade , the toilet do n't work for a night but that be take care of it promptly . be well appreciated . the rooms be fairly spacious     fairly clean . lobby be beautiful , indeed . but i , too , get confuse w this hotel     the intercontinental . hehe . but that 's alright

i stay one night at this hotel   june   with my partner on holiday . im a priority club club member so no huge benefit and book this hotel online for a package that include breakfast and late checkout . we be allocate a cityview room on the   floor . i be pleasantly surprise by the room size which be large by hong kong standards . the bed be very good and comfortable and the room also include a dvd player

we stay at the grand stanford hotel kowloon ,hong kong,what a fabulous hotel ,not cheap,but the standard be fantastic,we pay extra for a harbour view room   this be a must ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the view over hong kong harbour day or night be fantastic,the food be excellent too,nothing be too much trouble for the staff,it be our wed anniversary and when we get back to our room there be free champagne on ice together with a cake and or'deurves . we stay     may   be easy access to star ferry if you fancy a trip up to the peak on the cable car and easy access to street shopping or designer

not to be confused with the intercontinental which be where i think i be stay , but i be not dissapionted with the stanford

our first time in hk and we be very take with this hotel . off to a great start when we be allocate a room early in the morning after an overnight flight from sydney . staff very friendly and professional . pool and food vg . i would have no hesitation in recommend the ic great

stay here with the better half last summer for ten days . we have a very nice harbour view room on the executive floor    the view be fantastic and the room nice and spacious with a nice decor . bathroom be good , but not spectacular

our group move to the ic after a very poor experience at the nikko next door still undergo renovation , can hardly breathe with all the paint fume , not treat well by staff , etc . etc . . although the ic be a bit more expensive , the difference of a few dollar be truly outstanding

my partner and i,spent our previous vacation the year before,at the kowloon in tst,hence,we be a bit apprehensive about the   star rating of hk hotel ! after reading the review of all hotel that be available through the cathay pacific 'package ' that we intend to purchase,we choose the icgs base on the good review post here

i would agree with the previous review that this hotel be still in a good location despite not be consider as favourably as the other top end hotels . it be easy to walk across to the promenade and stroll down to the star ferry or head on up to nathan road . the room be quite large and we pay for the harbour view , which i think be good enough . you could probably pay more for a hotel closer to things but why bother

we opt for the grand stanford through an airmiles deal , so it be a luxury hotel for our budget trip . do n't worry about choose     room only    , there be a delifrance cafe one minute from the hotel for an excellent breakfast and harbour view ! we do n't mind the walk from the hotel to the star ferry etc   who could complain about the magnificent habour walk only a couple of minutes from the hotel door ? it be stunning ! ! or browse the many shop to reach the mtr   i hardly notice the short walk . when you arrive , make use of the airport express to kowloon station and the free shuttle to the hotel this be not run by the hotel , but be an extension to your express ticket . it 's hassle free on your return also ! i have no problem recommend the ic grand stanford for it 's location , comfort and friendliness . i simply love hong kong and be eager to return

