shangri la be the epitomy of have beautiful hotel with wonderfully humble service . it be the ideal asian style of service . the guest rooms be very well appoint and the view be spectacular . i also appreciate the variety of restaurants . you can have the very formal french at restaurant petrus on the very top floor . enjoy an extreme buffet at the international cafe i never get board because of the constant change of choice . of coarse shang palace if you want the best chinese . the lobster bar and grill not only serve great seafood , but also have live musical entertainment . nadaman be the famous japanese restaurant overlook the gardens . there be even more that i ca n't remember the names of

stay   night for a business trip and i be completely satisfied . room be very elegant and comfortable . all the staff i encounter be extremely professional while also friendly

first i think hotel be a bit expensive

we stay at the island shangri la for   days and find it to be an amazing hotel . our room be beautiful and a good size , with some good little touch to make our stay much more comfortable . the free wi fi be a great additon to the room and our view be lovely , despite us stay in the cheapest room type

the island shangri la be a wonderful , luxorious hotel in the admiralty area of hong kong . it be adjoin the pacific place mall along with the conrad and the jw marriott . it be luxury from the time you check in to the time that you leave

this be my second or third stay at the island shangri la and i doubt it will be my last

i recently return from   night in hong kong with   friend who have know each other for approx   years ! . we look at all the option on kowloon and hk island and eventually decide on the island shangri la   primarily base on the outdoor pool and the option for a triple share room not all hotel offer this and we want a high end hotel    we be a little concern the triple would be cramp and uncomfortable , but this concern be quickly put to rest as the room be very , very nice and work well for   adult travel together the other   in our group be in a twin share   lovely room too . the level of service in this hotel be the best of anywhere in the world i have travel   the 'culture ' the shangri la group have instill in it 's staff be second to none   on all level the staff be fantastic   always there to help without be invasive . i ca n't recommend this hotel enough   we be planning our return visit in   yr and would n't stay anywhere else !

great location , great service , great food . one of the best place to stay in hong kong with the typically high standard of shangri la

my wife and i spend a couple of night in this excellent establishment whilst on a long multi centre holiday stay in the very best hotel both in city and beach areas . from the airport pick up to the airport drop off the level of service be outstanding . weve be fortunate enough and work hard enough to afford to stay in some very good hotel but this hotel seem to go that little bit further . the staff plan ahead , they notice your habit and act on them  i like to jog every morning , first morning i come back from my jog and ask for a bottle of water while i warm down , second morning , a bottle of water and cold towel be ready and wait for me . its the little things i notice , the laundry be include in our package which be do extremely well , the room be spotless , the evening buffet be very good and the bar staff quick and entertaining

we really enjoy our stay here while househunting in hong kong . the room be well keep , clean and welcoming . the restuarants be excellent and the service at breakfast be impeccable . the staff make huge effort to deliver personal service , for example my son enjoy apple and yoghurt for breakfast . on our first day the staff must have notice me struggle to core and chop an apple , the next day we be present with a ready prepare apple and yoghurt . the pool area be lovely and a good spot to relax with plenty of room . shangri la always deliver top quality and service and the hong kong shangri la really offer the best , highly recommend

i really enjoy my stay at the island shangri la

the island shangri la stand above a large mall where everything can be found . from all the upscale brand you can think of to a movie theater and a bookstore . service be impeccable . room with everything you need and the right size . excellent gym . nice pool . very good food . i really wish they have more hotel around the world . the only thing they have to improve be the quality of internet access . it be free but too slow

my partner surprise me with a night at the island shangri la for my   birthday . it be truely an incredible experience . the staff go out of their way to make us feel comfortable   nothing be too much of a problem   in fact i do n't think i have ever encoutered such a friendly service at a   * hotel

i have stay at many   * hotel around the world and this be one of the very best . the service be really first class , all the staff be friendly and helpful and you get the feeling they really want to help rather than it be just their job

this hotel be perfect if you be trevlling with younger family as everything be so each to reach , the staff be wonderfiul , the choice of food be great and the breakfast be huge with lots of choice . would highly recommend

very nice hotel although a bit tricky to get to . super service and comfort of the room with spectacular view

excellent location in central on top of pacific place shopping mall with access to mtr

wow , what an impression staff can make at a large hotel ! island shangri la should be proud of her staff , especially in the restaurants . as i be travel solo i eat most night of the trip in the hotel , each time i be impress by the quality of the service but more importantly by the individual thoughtfulness . example of such   when dine alone a staff member buy a selection of magazine to read   usually i would have to ask , when an attentive staff member notice my like of hot food and enquire if he could n't prepare me a spicy dish from his homeland , which he duly do and be exceptional ! while i have single out a few example , all area of this hotel have great service ! as a frequent business traveller i can feel and greatly appreciate it , when hotel engage their staff to truly think about their customers . it 's the little things that count , and that 's rare indeed

i have stay here possibly a half dozen times and every visit have be excellent . book a harbor view room   the view be worth the extra price . rooms be tastefully appoint , with the requisite amount of gadgetry and reasonably sized . common space be lovely and the atrium be simply breathtaking . it 's hard to find any fault    the lobby area can become a bit hectic at times and elevator can be a tad slow , but these be minor things . although there be other magnificent hotel in this city , few can boast the view and the location of this one . be sure to visit the aviary at hong kong park steps away from the hotel   it be a large tropical oasis in a city with few green spaces . the pacific place mall be also an elevator ride away and the mtr be a short walk . and for first time visitor , the peak tram be a short stroll away

we stay here for   night as part of our honeymoon and we love it . your bag be whisk away at check in and a bell boy take you up to the room after check in and show you the certain features . we have a delux harbour view which be big for hong kong standard and have a super view ! the bathroom be big and have seperate bath     shower , it have a tv to watch while in the bath as well . we do n't eat in the hotel as we be room only . the lobby bar be the perfect place for a relax drink and the pool and out door jaccuzi be really nice and we love go for a swim around sunset to watch the building start to light up . it 's well locate for the peak tram and a short walk to wan chai for restaurants bars . there be an mtr station in the pacific place shopping mall underneath the hotel and it 'll take you anyway in hong kong . overall a fantastic experience and the best hotel i have stay in

island shangri la have very quick check in process     my suite have peak view which have complimentary break fast

well if you have the money and wish to stay in a   star deluxe hotel . book a standard room and upgrade yourself to a suite by pay     usa . to do this you have to be a member of golden circle which be free

with the experience i have in shangri la new delhi , i be expect the warm welcome from the front desk . but here in hong kong they welcome more warm then my expectation . well groom gate staff to the front desk , number of people be wait to welcome their guest , which be unexpected to me . this hotel be not a cheap hotel , but over crowded . book be very difficult if it be not make sufficient before

we stay for a week and do n't want to leave

you really feel important here . the property be not brand new , but in great shape . superbly comfortable , fantastic staff , great food , wonderful view , all the details take care of . and good value too . take a lot to beat this in hk . check out the food hall at the pacific place shopping mall below the hotel

have check out of the lan kwai fong hotel and move to the shangri la this be like a shift into another world . this be seriously the best hotel in asia . amazing service

from the moment you step out of your car , you will be amaze by the service and hospitality of the shangri la staff . they greet you as if you be their most important guest . the rooms be spacious , beatifully decorate and extremely comfortable . the hotel restaurant and bars be expensive but i ca n't say enough about their service . i be impress by everyone . i would recommend this hotel to everyone

we have a week with our two young son at the shangri la and have an amazing time . the hotel be obviously in a great central spot but it be the service and level of personal attention that really make the difference . the room rate be fairly expensive but the team be very flexible   they allow our two child to stay in the room with us on a pull out bed   and they go out of their way with personal touch to make the experience feel very personal . every night they deliver home make cookie and milk to the room for the child   they send us a note of apology and a box of chocolate when they have to close the pool they have already arrange for us to use the pool in the adjoin hotel so it be no real inconveniece and they somehow discover that it be my birthday and lay out a birthday cake with ribbon tied knife , plate and linen napkin when we return to the room in the evening . they also go out of their way to make the child feel welcome . my husband and i have stay there a few times before   most often on business   but this show how hard they work to make every visit special . it really be a world class experience

this hotel be massively overpriced . the level of service be way , way below the peninsula , the rooms be ok but nothing special , the view be good , but not as good as the conrad  the dine option be not impressive at all , and the in room dine be your typical unimaginative pap . way below par , especially the service level . at the peninsula , all staff member greet you with a smile when you walk past , assist where they can , and generally make you feel good . at the island shangri la you feel more like you be in the way . at one point i notice a staff member stare at me whle i be wait for an elevator which by the way be incredibly

stay here for   night in a harbour view king . this have get to be one of the best hotel i have ever stay in ! i be not too keen about the location as i love be near the water but the property itself and the service here be awesome . the room be gorgeous and they think of everything that you would need . there be nothing i would change here   except where it is    but then you would not have the view   its a good dilemma to have

i have stay at many top luxury hotel in the world and i must say this be up there with the best

i have be fortunate to stay at some of the world 's best hotel , and this be up there    just sensational    the lobby , the bars , the rooms , most of the room views . and the pool    for a city centre pool this be hard to beat    you can almost touch the amazing bank of china building , and when the light fall this be an amazing place to be . the service be world class    its almost impossible to find

best service . best pool . best restaurants . best room size

i stay at the island shangri la hong kong for a period of   night in december   and thoroughly enjoy the experience

the shangri la chain once again prove to me their industry leading strength in comfort and service . upon check in , we upgrade to a deluxe room which entail a larger live area , free in room wi fi , breakfast at the top floor restaurant , and more . they be unable to accommodate our party of three with a room with two bed , but we find that most of our hotel in asia have only king or two twin rooms , although the rolloway bed be the most comfortable one i sleep on the entire trip the room be beautifully decorate and have a high floor view of victoria harbour and the forest of skyscraper in kowloon . the bathroom feature a separate television , which only prolong me in get ready in the morning while i watch cnn

this be my sixth or seventh stay at the island shangri la . i stay at many hotel but this one be absolutely my preferred one . rooms be comfortable suite even better    view be fantastic

spend three night here during our honeymoon , and the staff go out of their way to make it special . the room be excellent with a fabulous harbour view

i am in hk very often on business and stay in a mid range hotel bishop leu , see entry in tripadvisor but this time a client pay for a couple of night in the shang . i use to stay there many years ago when , after the asian crisis , rooms be about the same price as the bishop leu be now ! the island shang always use to feel very brash and arriviste compare with the grandes dame of the oriental and the peninsular , but it 's mature well and have become a real classic . the service , in particular , be off the scale attentive , practical , polite , and effective , as only the hongkies and the swiss deluxe hotel can pull off

we stay at the island shangri la at the beginning of our honeymoon and from the moment of arrival everything be perfect . we receive a room upgrade to a harbour view room and complimentary champagne , fruit and a congratulations card . the view from the room be just spectacular , almost like a movie back drop ! . the room be both luxourious and comfortable with the bathroom feature a flat screen tv , an enormous shower and twin sink

have stay here   times this year and many other stay in the past , this time be a little different than last year . the staff be better than last year , and our second stay be perfect . first stay however i would have give a   the staff during the first stay be not as friendly as the second time

the island shangri la be a favorite

i have a great stay here . while the decor be not as modern i love the     old school    luxury feel chandelier and all . nice plush carpet and an unbeatable view from the room . everything be very clean . the tv in the bathroom be a novelty as well . convenient walk to the huge mall as well , though the location may be more suit to the business traveler

my boyfriend and i stay for   night in a harbour view room and it be fantastic . the room itself be beautifully decorate as be the rest of the hotel and spacious with an extremely comfortable bed good toiletry and wow , what a view

i have stay at many of the most popular business hotel in hong kong , but i retruned to this property for a second time , due to an excellent experience here last year . often i find hotel have difficulty maintain the high standard they set for themselves however , this be not the case here . again the experience have be excellent

me and my g f stay at island shangri la for two night in a harbour view room and we be thoroughly impress by this property . good central location , easy to get around hk . the view be stunning of the harbour and the hk skyline towards kowloon , very much worth to pay the extra to get the harbour view room

have read so many excellent review about the island shangri la , i thoroughly expect to enjoy my   stay here . i could n't have be more wrong

from the review on this hotel i expect to be blow away with an amazing hotel experience but leave a little disappoint

just return from a trip to hong kong stay at this fab hotel . the rooms be luxurious and spacious , we have a standard room which have stunning view of the island . staff extremely helpful , although on check in the receptionist seem to be unaware of chip and pin credit cards and tell us our card have be refuse when in fact she have not ask us to put a number in . the hotel smell wonderful and the facility be brilliant . the hotel be in an excellent location at the side of the metro and which be also accessible from the lower floor of the hotel , along with a huge and very gorgeous shopping mall . we do n t have the breakfast as there be numerous place to eat close at hand and the jet lag get us on the way out so we would have sleep through it anyway . highly recommend this

just get back from   night stay at this hotel . i do vow never to stay at another shangri la after a very bad experience in kl malaysia i check out the same night to the mandarin across the road and nobody at reception even bat an eyelid . have give them a   try and in another country i think i 'd be safe but quickly start to realise that be wishful thinking   do n't get me wrong it could be a great hotel because the investment 's there and the facility be great but in my opinion it all come down to staff training

i have stay here twice now on business for full   day stay and be due to return in   week i be that happy with the hotel it have a good location as a bit quieter than be down in central and certainly have more ambience than the four season which , personally , i find quite sterile . wanchai bars can be walk to and for business , depend on the heat , one can walk through hk park to the business district which be a great way to start or finish a business day

my family love the island shangri la

if money be no object , this be a fantastic place to stay on hong kong side

firstly , the hotel be locate   minutes away by car from the main train station in downtown hk . access be very easy and a shopping mall be just downstairs

i have high expectation of this hotel prior to arrive base on friend recommendations . i can happily report that things go well

i stay with a group of friend for couple of days shopping in hongkong , the hotel be nicely locate over a mall which be convinient from this point of view , the room be good and well equip with all the need of today traveller

we stay at the island shangri la in hong kong for   night and we love it . we really could n't fault anything that we experience at the hotel . the hotel be beautiful with an amazing mural run the span of the floor which you can see as you go down in the glass life . have not be to hk before we enlist the help of the concierge to help , what a gem of knowledge , he recommend us   restaurant both of which be superb and if we make it back to hk will be go to again . as you know it 's a life of who you know , and he get us into both on short notice when they be both heavily booked . the small touch make such a difference to you stay   a pot of tea on arrival as be customary with all shangri las , a basket of fruit , and after make our dinner reservation with the concierge at reception by the time we get to the room we have confirmation by fax , phone and on the tv   very slick . we use the gym and the pool and the facility and service in both be fantastic

  stay   our   visit and it

really great location next to luxury shopping mall and park . we stay in the lowest category room deluxe peakview and have no complaints . service be excellent , staff could n't do enough for us and our   kid , great welcome . breakfast amazing , love the outdoor pool   a great stay

once again , a great stay , upgrade to a harbour view as it be our silver wed aniversary , flower , fruit etc as well , i love this hotel so much , such humble and smilley staff consider it be regullaly vote one of the best hotel in the world for everything , fab possition , great rooms , wonderfull staff , do i own it or work for them ? no,we just love stay here , well do , shangri  la once again !

we stay here for   nights . we have an harbour view room and the view be amazing ! the bathroom have a tv for your view pleasure while you be soak in the bath tub . the bed be comfortable and the room be spacious . you can borrow item like baby food warmer or steam sterilizer , ipod speaker , humidifier etc free of charge . the staff be friendly and efficient but the bell boy be a little rude . they talk on handphones while on duty and we be completely invisible to them . we catch   of them do

the island shangri la be truly a grand hotel with service that go above and beyond . i have stay there only twice this year but the staff make a note to remember my name and my preference ! i feel very welcome and be happy to return . the rooms be larger than your average hotel and you be always guarantee a great view , either the peak or the harbor view will blow your mind ! both the lobster bar and petrus restaurant serve amazing food and the gym and spa be up to standard . great meeting rooms and business facility with printers scanner fax in every room   very convenient ! and the location be perfect with the mtr right under the hotel and shopping heaven a stone 's throw away . always a great night 's sleep at the island shangri la

arrive at the airport and be whisk to the hotel by an in house limo . check in and receive an upgrade due to my golden circle membership . great service and fast laundry turnaround . claude the concierge will set you up with whatever you need . hotel car back to the airport and the bellman basically check me in . can not ask for better

a short walk , via pacific place , to admiralty mtr the island shangri la be a real   star hotel . fabulous service from all the staff and a nice big room on the   floor with a good view of the peak . also serve well by the tram and bus and next to the delightful hong kong park

this be the first time i have stay at a shangri la hotel and i be not disapointed . i would go as far to say that i receive the best service i have ever experience

this be my very first visit to hong kong and in the several days i be there i have several fairly complicate work related things to accomplish

fantastic . have breakfast look over the harbor . service be superb . love the tea deliver to your room after check in

hong kong be the first stop on our   week honeymoon around the world we be understandably exhaust after the wed and fly from ireland so be hope to find that this hotel would be a place where we could relax and unwind  and boy do it deliver

my husband and i have just return from a trip to hong kong . we stay   night at the island shangri la and it could not be faulted . we be not business traveller , just leisure traveller use to stay in good quality hotel and have visit two shangri la previously   kuala lumpur and kota kinabulu

this hotel be certainly good enough as a business hotel . however , i really will not stay here for a leisure trip . as mention in another review , there be just no personal touch or charm . the staff be polite but the service be more mechanical , rather than from the heart . there be a pool , but it offer a view of skyscraper nearby . it 's really quite hard to relax in this evironment

every single member of staff we encounter be polite , efficient , and just a joy to meet

i be there for one night . but it be just as i expect shangri la to be . warm . attention to the detail . feel like the most important person in the world . i be at shangri la kota kinabalu and jakarta . never disappoints me . the location be great . the pacafic place be better than the ifc   in its choice of place to eat and just the general ambience

our week 's stay at the island shangri la be a wonderful   birthday present from my husband . we have a room with a harbour view and whilst the view be not a harbour view in totality , i feel that it be pretty spectacular to say the least . my husband have ask for a deluxe room with a habour view near the top of the hotel and we be put in room   which be on the   floor so i think his request be pretty much satisfy the hotel have   floor . on my birthday the staff send up a card and birthday cake which be a lovely touch . we enjoy a fabulous meal in the restaurant on the top floor and the service and view be spectacular . i feel that every attention to detail be make at this hotel . the staff be attentive and extremely curteous . although the hotel appear to have a large quota of business people stay there , i look on this as a bonus , as there be thankfully no scream child run amok . the hotel be well locate for most sights to visit and l 'd definately stay there again

recently stay on the return from a trip to asia have stay at the peninsula on the way out my agent have an agree upgrade from peak view to harbour view on check in we be take to a room that purported to have a harbour view i be remind of the early days of package holiday or seaside landlady when the     sea view    could be have by lean out the widow with a giraffe like stretch to catch a glimpse of something blue !  yes the harbour could be see but the main view be the high rise in front

i have stay at many   star property around the world , this one have to be my favourite . everything about this hotel be effortless , luxurious and total bliss

from start to finish this hotel provide the very best service and accomodation we have experience in a long time , if ever . we book a hotel limo to pick us up from the airport and that make the whole arrival completely stress free . the hotel staff be present in arrival , make themselves know with announcement boards and whisk you straight to car . we be actually greet on the steps of the hotel by a guest services manager a lovely girl call elkie and take to the room to complete check in . the harbour view room be beautifully lay out with a super bathroom , which include a seperate shower room and bathtub where you could watch a tv , set into the wall above the bath . the bed and bathroom be spotless , but the thing which single this hotel out be the fabulous service provide by the staff . most remember your name after a day and they seem to anticipate your need almost before you realise you need something

we have be stay at island shangri la once every year for the past   years . they have continue to improve their service year after year . the service be impeccable . the rooms be renovate a couple of years ago and they add a modern twist . but the level of comfort and 'homeyness ' have be retained . with the pacific place mall right underneath the hotel , it be so convenient to just go down and shop , know that even if you carry a lot of bulky items . there be no worry about ride through the mrt or line up to get a taxi . you can just catch the elevator and go right up to your room . it be always a perfect experience stay at the hotel

originally want to stay at the peninsula hotel in kowloon . completely booked . secong best choice . great service   try cafe too    great buffet     all asian specialties   my wife 's birthday be on march   go out to spoon resturant in kowloon to celebrate  great food   great view of hong kong from this resturant    there be a free laser light show every night at       p m    the high rise building in hong kong have lasers   incredible    try the resturant felix in the peninsula hotel in kowloon . there be a bar above the felix resturant call the sky lounge  it open at       p m     do n't get there after       pm and it will be packed     two story of glass on the   floor   over look hong kong harbor   amazing views . go back to our room at the island shangri la and a birthday cake be in our room from the hotel staff      never tell them it be her birthday   amazing service

good hotel with very good service . for me it be lack the special touch . rooms be begin to look a little date with desk have see better days and the goldish bathroom fixture remindng me of the   , sink and bathtub with scratch and clearly quite a few years old . common area on the guest floor be ok but not the latest desgin colors and feel just a tad worn , lobby entrance be better . the view from especially the higher rooms be nice

i stay here for two night on the way back to england from a holiday in australia , have previously stay at the shangri las in bangkok and kuala lumpur . as this be my first visit to hong kong i book a harbour view room , and the hotel generously provide me with one on the   floor

my husband and i head to hong kong for the first time in december . we have hear it be a great place to be for christmas and could n't wait to enjoy a new scene

i am here once or twice a year , and the standard of service and comfort remain unsurpassed . i could not ask for a better place to stay from a business standpoint

our stay at the shangri la which be a surprise to me be everything that i could want and more

this be the epitome of what a   * hotel should be . it can only be describe as palatial ! the staff reception , doorman , waiter all be very helpful , polite and professional . i come here for a wed and the banquet be amazing    the food , the atmosphere    just perfect

a ravish room on the   floor with a breathtaking view of victoria harbour , only the view from the petrus restaurant on the   floor be more impressive . dinner here be good   although it would not merit michelin star nor gault millau toque and it have its price ‚ Ç ¨   for a three course dinner for two with one glas of wine and bottled water . the roast duck breast be serve without garnishment

we stay at island shangri la from   to   delux habor view room and the experience be phenomenon

my husband and i choose this hotel after extensive research both on here , other travel site and personal experience and we be absolutely not disappoint

have just return from stay at the shangri la think that the hotel itself be very good , the room that we have be very big bed be comfortable and every thing work but also feel that there be something miss from the experiance which perhaps because the hotel be in a modern tower i not know but all things consider would i stay here again probably not i would definatly try somewhere else

this place be great . the welcome be impressive , the location be great above pacific place and the mtr station

i am not sure if we be just easily please , i certainly do n't think so but from the moment we arrive at the shangri la in hong kong we be smiling . we also stay in a delux harbour view room which we think be fantastic , from the view to the huge and very comfortable bed to the immaculate decor . be on our honeymoon we also arrive to beautiful homemade chocolate and an amazing red rise arrangement which be a wonderful beginning to an amazing trip

absolutely agree with the previous post . nothing spectacular except the view , i don ‚ Ä ô t know what the fuzz be all about

i spend a few night at the shangri la in august . i find the overall experience lack

i have to agree with the other reviewers . i have stay in many five star hotel in europe and the us and the island shangri la be truly outstanding . the room be fantastic   spacious and well appoint , with almost everything you could want . the harbour view be well worth pay for . excellent business centre and very good gym fitnesscentre . the staff be great   genuinely friendly and helpful . i feel so well looked after it be a real pleasure to stay there . i would not hesistate to book it again

as just take time to be able to write review , think should reiterate the view of others . my mother and i spend   night in hong kong before sun ourselves in dubai earlier this year . this hotel be a wonderful haven in an extremely fast move city . very good service and comfortable rooms will ensure return to shangri la hotel

you can read all of the eloquent , detail , journal entry about the shangri la , but i offer my few quick takeaway

this be our third stay in this hotel , and have try several in hong kong this be the one we consistently return to simply because every time the staff make us feel like very welcome guest not just numbers

stay   night at the beginning of our holiday tour china by train . we have opt for a harbour view and we think it well worth the extra , we be on the   floor and could see all the traffic cross victoria harbour . the room be large and very well appoint and the bathroom be wonderful with twin wash basins , a bidet and separate walk in shower   exactly what we have ask for ! dine at the summer palace restaurant in the hotel one night , but find this very poor value compare to the excellent restaurant in the mall below the shangri la , the outstanding one be zen . the hotel be very well place for travel round hong kong island and within easy reach of the star ferry across to kowloon . we do not use any of the organise tours , prefer to 'do it ourselves ' , and have great fun travel on the tram very cheap too . we be also very impress on our arrival by the efficiency of the airport express train which whisk us from the airport to central bus station and include in the price be a bus service to the door of the shangri la   all within an hour of landing ! we would thoroughly recommend this hotel for business or pleasure and would have no hesitation in return

on our recent honeymoon we be lucky enough to stay for two night in this wonderful hotel

i stay at the island srl frequently with business , and it isconsistently excellent   staff be always amazing    isupposethe only picky downside be if you like modern it may be a littlechinzy for you

i be thoroughly impress with the island shangri la for a wide variety of reason some of which i ‚ Ä ô ll go into more detail about below , but it primarily boil down to exceptional service . clearly , this be an expensive hotel , but in this case i believe the adage ‚ Ä ú you get what you pay for ‚ Ä ù hold true

well , let 's see . this hotel in my opinion be the flagship hotel for the shangri la group . we alwalys stay at shagrila when we travel if there be one in the country where we be travel to

i stay for two night in march . srvice be excellent . the hotel be locate very nicely in the city center but very quiet . direct excess to the pacific shopping mall . nice rooms with a perfect view . i recommend it strongly

there be so many positive things to say about this hotel that i do n't know where to begin . we have a warm welcome at       after a long flight and they take care of everything from the bag to welcome tea in our room . during our stay , we have special request from store leftovers in their refrigerator to get get best location for shopping . everything be handle with a positive attitude instead of the roll eyes you sometimes get

from the moment we arrive the service be excellent , we feel like we must be visit dignatories

what a lovely hotel situate on hong kong island . great view of the harbour and mountainside everyone be very accomodating even though our chinese be very poor . the rooms be immaculate . the bed be very firm and the bathroom be all marble and granite with flat screen tv . . .awesome . the restaurant in the hotel be very good and the bar be fun to meet new visitor like ourselves . for shopping , hong kong have something for everyone . there be a lot of upscale mall scatter throughout the city . we have the most fun at stanley . take the city bus only   dollar double decker bus , like ride on a ride at disneyland . very narrow mountainous roads with very crazy drivers . unless you be from the u .k . opposite side of road use taxis,subways,or walk very inexpensive and fun . stanley have open market and some of the best restaurant locate on the shore . cafe usa have an excellent menu . take the tram to the peak above the city . breathtaking view with a mall and restaurant there . the ferry that travel back and forth from hong kong to kowloon penisula be about   cent and more fun,especially at night . kowloon have great shopping and two fun irish bars,murphy 's and delaney 's . the hotel that be on the water front have a tremendous laser light show at       p .m . best inside view be from the intercontinental hotel lounge . large windows with the skyline view of hong kong . if you go , fly cathay pacific . they have great rates at hotel and provide free transportation to and from airport . that 's

the island shangri la hotel be a good hotel   no doubt   but world class   perhaps some years ago . the room that i receive be large and have a spectacular view . but it feel very out dated and even have the characteristic smell of mill dew complaint about it do not help . otherwise service be good and concierge staff go out of their way to help . breakfast buffet be good , but nothing extra ordinary . the gym be perhaps the best feature of the hotel . the pool area very average and sterile . when i come to hong kong next and want a world class luxury treat , i will definitely stay elsewhere . probably at the four season which impressed . that be contemporary luxury .

my wife and i be spend   night in hk so we want

i have just return from   days at this hotel   the book make on the recommendation of others from this site . it be absolutely fantastic   clearly a   star hotel . here be some of the reason

just back from a full week in the island shangri la with my wife . i have to say that this be simply the best hotel i have ever stay in

my goodness me , this be a very , very upmarket hotel with beautiful view over causeway bay . it be pure opulence from start to finish . i stay overnight on a business visit and i can honestly say it be the best hotel i have ever stay in . the staff be second to none and i honestly have nothing to say that could ever be bad about this hotel . stay here if you can afford it ! it be so worth it

my boyfriend and i stay at the island shangri la from august   , ‚ Ä ò   during a stop over in hong kong while travel to bali and other parts of asia this summer . although we stay at a number of other hotel in hk during our travel , the island shang set such a high standard that it remain for us the best hotel in hong kong

the shangri la be a very solid   star hotel which have its strength in particular in their service attitude , from the moment you be greet at the airport until you leave hongkong , they make you feel at home . the rooms be spacious , with the latest technology , one additonal plus would be if there would be a wireless broadband service . the restaurant be very good , i have dinner at the lobster bar as well as breakfast and dinner at their all day buffet restaurant cafe too , both restaurant prove to be very good . location of the hotel with their connection to mtr and pacific place be wonderful . can only recommend this wonderful

this be a splendid hotel , exactly as on the shangri la website . the level of service be superb . restaurant excellent . i be travel with my two child age   and   they love the room   particularly the television in the bathroom and the view of the harbour . the fresh fruit and green tea on arrival be welcome . the pool be pleasant and the staff charming . we would be delight to stay there again

thanks for let me to express my disappointment and disgracefulness with a so called ‚ Ä ú five star ‚ Ä ù hotel in hong kong ‚ Ä ì island shangri la hotel . even we be just a contractor our client be the company which rent the hotel ‚ Ä ô s ballroom for function , i could not imagine i deserve this kind of service and attitude from these people of this hotel

this hotel be without a doubt the best hotel i have stay in   as alot of the previous review have state every little detail be look after and all without it be 'in your face '   the subtle yet excellent service be what you be pay for

excellent hotel stay . service be impeccable . fresh flower     fruit deliver to our room . from the moment you arrive at the door they be help you   take your luggage , escort you to the reservation desk . we only eat at   of the restaurant ? ? names , but both meal be great . hotel be in good central proximity to mtr , shopping , sites . rooms be well appointed . staff be very friendly . i would highly recommend this hotel

my husband and i travel to hong kong for a quick weekend getaway . the hotel be fine except we have a pretty bad experience at the hotel 's japanese restaurant , nadaman

my partner and i have just return from this hotel today , have spend   night in hong kong to celebrate my   birthday . i spend a long time weigh up the pro and con of spending the money to stay here and all the other review significantly influence our final decision and be so useful and correct   so thank you to all of you ! we be not disappoint

