it be brill the hotel when ever you come to leave the hotel they open the door for you and when ever you come to enter the hot they open the door for you and the bedroom be very clean and the pool be clean and they be always happy to help you and they always have a smile on there face ! ! ! it be a brilliant stay ! !

we spend most of our time in hong kong in the island pacific hotel

i go to deliver my guest lecture in an international conference . the hotel have very good airport pickup and drop off facility . they also have free bus service to major point in the city

we book direct with the hotel over the internet . upon arrival we be give a full harbour view room on the   floor . to say that it be a pleasant surprise be an understatement . the room be spacious with very high ceilings . the harbor view through the ceiling to floor windows be stunning . there be marble bench top in the bathroom and on the bedside table . the shower recess be huge . we particularly like the non slippery floor which be safe for people of all ages . initially we plan to stay for   days but for personal reason we end up stay there for   days

the hotel benefit from a shuttle service which we would recommend use and it be close to the macau ferry . the rooms be small and functional and the price make it a great place to stay , but the rooms do not lend themselves to spending much time in them . we be in room   and overall it be ok but nothing special

we stay at the island pacific hotel for   night in november . we book a room with city side harbour view and thats what we get ! sadly no upgrade ! the room be small but we manage to organise ourselves to maximise the space . nothing to complain about   staff be courteous and efficient   the concierge service always hold the door open as we enter or exited . rooms be clean and bathroom supply be promptly replaced . we take the   bus from the airport which although not as fast as the airport express drop us off at the block next to the hotel and work out at half the cost of the ae

the ip be a fine hotel          the full length windows be the highlight   make sure you ask for a harbour view . the other great thing be that it have an outdoor pool   many hotel in honker do not . the area be fabulous , too   far more authentic than down in wan chai or central                     a local guy on the corner sell freshly bbqed duck with rice and fresh boschbok choy for     aud take away

find value for money be not always easy in this city , especially if you want to stay on hk island . i find the island pacific to be just that . i book a city view room and be promptly upgrade to a harbour view room . the room itself be small but nicely decorate and well maintained . even though there be no metro station nearby , everything be within easy reach by tram or taxi . only complaint   you have to pay for internet access , and dearly so

when we book this hotel we want just a room to sleep and explore hong kong . it be a good value and be well locate as you can go to central by foot , trolley or taxi . yes be far away from the mtr but you can live with it . arrive really late and ask where we could have something to eat . they tell us there be a   store and when we be come back to the hotel we see a macdonald ‚ Ä ô s in the other side of the road . couldn ‚ Ä ô t the concierge just say that ! ! it be clearly a mac emergency !

we stay   night at the island pacific , after have find a deal for eur   , without breakfast . the hotel be a bit out of the city center , but after all , only a   minutes walk from the star ferry terminal . we basically do everything on foot . we be upgrade to an executive room , and although small , have everything we need , be very clean and tranquil . only small negative point be the fact the bed be rather small . staff be efficient , kind and helpful , especially the bell boy downstairs who arranges taxis . we try the swim pool , but the water be just too cold for our likings . overall , we can only highly recommend this hotel , it have an excellent price quality balance , and eventually , in hong kong , you want to spend as much time as possible outdoors , so a hotel like the island pacific serve it purpose perfectly

our visit to hong kong happen to land on a busy weekend so most of the hotel rates increase to nearly double their usual rate for this time of the year . to remain within our budget we find the island pacific hotel . it ‚ Ä ô s a bit far from the nearest mtr   min walk or   hkd cab ride but , the charm of the hotel make up for it

this hotel be not in the     thick    of it all , but what it do offer be a more authentic hong kong experience . the hotel be locate more in the residential area of hong kong island . you can see and participate in the everyday life of hong kong residents . the area be line with numerous dry seafood and herb stores . there be a   just up the road along with a small bakery

this hotel be in a good place , but about   minutes by foot from mtr . the price be good , but internet be not free but there 's a fee . small issue find , the toilet be little bit break with water still run and the ac be little bit noisy

we stay here for   night and it be a good base . we be out most of the day and night explore the city but it be nice to come back to a comfortable room . i have read all rooms in hong kong be small but this be quite a good size . we have a side harbour view which be nice , i would reccomend a harbour view otherwise you look at unsightly building

i manage to book this hotel through asiatravel com , which offer a good deal   this hotel be more than what we have expected . even though it be away from the nearest mtr sheung wan station , it be very near to central   it be only about   walk to the mtr where you can experience the typical hk ppl living   tram be just a mere   away   we like the free hotel shuttle service to ifc very much  it operate at   hourly till   it be very convenient to us when we be lazy to walk  they also offer hotel pickup service ! ! btw , taxi drive from central to this hotel be just hkd  

there 's nothing i really love or hate about it . amenities be kind of old old box tv instead of the flat screen like every other hotel    so if you 're the kind of person that enjoy spend time in your hotel during your vacation , this be n't for you

i book this hotel as part of a bargain last minute deal on expedia , so i be really impress by how good it be

we stay for   night in late may   , room   it 's not a bad location , not     central    but the tramline run outside the door of the hotel so everywhere be easily reached . and taxis be not expensive in hk relative to in the west

the island pacific hotel be an excellent , average hotel . it be not high end , and you should not go in expect it to be . however our experience be that there be absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel , and it deliver on all point for the price we be paying . be it worth it value for money ? absolutely

we book this hotel as part of a package deal . find the hotel be easy , it be not in the most central touristy area , but be easily reach by tram or cab . it be within walk distance of the central station , and be a good base for a visit . the neighborhood be a funky bustle area , shopping be good , especially if you like dry seafood ! we stay for almost a week , and we 're happy with our choice . the room be relatively small , but all the amenities be there . there be a safe that be big enough to fit my small laptop . our room have a view of the harbor . the staff be very helpful and efficient . when our bathroom door get stick in the middle of the night , the engineer be there in less than   minutes and have it fix quickly . we do n't eat in the restaurant , because there be so many cool place to eat nearby . overall , we have a great stay

stay at this hotel for two night and be very surprise   pleasently ! the staff be really helpful and friendly . we stay on , i think it be the   floor and have a harbour view which be pretty impressive . room be very big and decorate it nice and have a very big bathroom which be great too . its about   hong kong dollar which be less the ¬ £   to central

i stay for   night with my wife and   kid , we book for   standard double bed side hurbour veiw , they give us   delux full harbur veiw same price , they give us warm welcome and best service . room clean and tidy and full option . i would like to come back again there

i recommend this hotel . service be so good and we like that distance from center

i too be a little skeptical because of the really reasonable price but be pleasantly surprised . we be upgrade from a standard room to a partial harbour view on the   floor . room be comfortable , clean , and spacious enough . staff very friendly and helpful . receive paper every morning and fruit deliver to our room on check in . one computer to check email free in lobby . would stay here again if ever in hk and definitely recommend stay here

the room be large enough , clearn , comfy bed . love the shower , very strong pressure . the location be good too , tram stop just around the corner ,   min walk to macau ferry terminal

we stay in   for   night at the island pacific . on check in they upgrade us to a full harbour view room , which be nice . the room be as expect , big enough for what we want and we spend most of the time out and about . the room be clean , service each day , fresh towel , shower have plenty of hot water etc . the staff be friendly and helpful . we have room service one night , as we be shatter , it be fresh and quickly deliver , so all in all , ok

just get back from stay here for four night with friends . we have two rooms . since it be low season , we ask if we could get upgrade from out city view room to a partial harbour view room . they upgrade us both to full harbour view rooms ! clean but small rooms as be most in hong kong . nice lcd tv on wall , but not many stations and no movie stations . ipod dock station at bed a nice touch . clean bathroom that be n't too small . tub with no separate shower

big puddle , little puddle age   and me stay here for   night in may june . as have be previously state hotel rooms in hong kong be very small . when we arrive we be suprised at how small the room be and that be without the rollaway bed for little puddle . when that be set up , up against the window there be only about a foot between the three beds . the bed be extremely hard which affect our quality of sleep and there be also a shortage of wardrobe space and no where at all to put case especially if there be three of you . apart from that the hotel be fine . the room be keep very clean and staff be friendly especially the bell hops . the pool be okay although it do not get the sun at all

stay away from this hotel . we book a room with the sea view , it be so smelly as the curtain be full of mould . we complain and they change the room but it be stinky as well . as result we get bad sore throat . the view be nothing special as it overlook the highway , room be so small , lift be obsolete and scary and swim pool size of bath . just forget it and your health will

we book online and be fortunate enough to find a dicount code , go through a large online agent , and herefore for   night we get a pretty good deal

we come in early morning about       receptionist infored us that our room will be ready in one hour . w leave our bag and go for a walk around neighborhood . hotel be locate about   minutes walk from nearest mtr station , but there be plenty tram every   minutes . neighborhood be very safe but little bit dirty and there be a lot of shop wit dry sea food so the smell be awful . after one hour our room be ready and our bage be deliver in to . small but comfy room with double bed with wiew on the harbour . bathroom be clean . every day we have new soap , shower gel etc . and tooth brush with paste . we have spend there a week . would like to stay there again

the hotel be good . concierge     bellboy be all extremely nice . receptionist be ok . our room be decent , it really be exactly what we pay for . we pay for a superior   room with view , and that 's what we got . no extras . the bathroom be decent , but the room itself , well there wasnt much space around the bed . when my partner arrive at a later date , we be concern his extra large suitcase would crowd the room   since with my suitcase the room be already     cozy    . we kindly ask if the hotel be n't too full , if they could put us in a room with just a bit more space for our suitcases . this couldnt be do unless we be willing to pay   extra . we be stay at the hotel for   night , and they could n't help us with some extra space . aside from the small rooms   after i already book a bigger room the standard one be   ! , the hotel be adequate ,   min by tram from central and

we go to pacific island hotel only because we find out a good deal   eur   night . it be conveniently locate on hong kong island , although quite far away from any mtr station . rooms be rather spacious compare with the usual sarcophagus alike rooms in hk . the bed be clean and confy , with a flat screen on the opposite wall . rug on the floor would need to be clean though . ok bathroom , although we could n't fix the water temperature on our own . overall ok experience , but only if you have to stay for a spot night in hk and want by all means to be locate on the island part without break your purse

i be sceptical about this hotel as the room rate be very cheap for hk   i pay ¬ £   per night for single occupancy . i be not disappoint   the room have a large double bed , fantastic harbour view and well equipped . there 's also have a nice outdoor pool . the service be excellent by western standards . the restaurant be also good value for hk   offering buffet breakfast for ¬ £   and dinner for about ¬ £   include unlimited free wine wine be often expensive in hk   but go for the red . the buffet dinner be an interesting culinary experience as it offer a selection of chinese , japanese , korean and western dishes . the only disappointment be the bar   a dreary affair with expensive drink   but there be no alternative in the immediate surround area

we be a party of two and we stay on an executive floor , but the room be small even for hong kong . to be fair , the space be just about manageable and not unbearably tiny . however , we only stay for two nights . it ‚ Ä ô s possible that a longer stay would ‚ Ä ô have feel more cramped . we have two large piece of luggage , and we struggle to find a place for them . if you be travel light though , this win ‚ Ä ô t be a problem

previous review say it all . very well manage with excellent service standards . quiet and unpretentious would recommend it for great value b     b . one small criticism , already make by a previous reviewer , be the mini bar tariff

i 'd read the review before i go and be pleasantly surprised . the rooms be more spacious that the more prestigious , eaton hotel in kowloon and mine have a fantastic view of the harbour . the only down point i would say be that it 's not on the mtr but i enjoy the walk to central   you get a taste of the real hong kong away from the main tourist spots

decide to go for this hotel after read review in tripadvisor . very helpful staff , good location in sheung wan which be a very traditional area on hk island . tram stop be around the corner and max   min walk away but you can easily walk to central . if you plan to get to macau then the hotel as great location as the macau ferry terminal be only   min away by taxi and you pay the minimum fare of   hkd or   tram stop or   min walk . though the rooms be small they be very spacious . in the beginning we be give a room on the   floor but as it be a smoking room get a replacement on   floor with great views . there be also very good local     restaurants    just across the street and most of them have either a menu in english or someone who can understand you . and go up the hill there be also a nice market

i recently stay at the island pacific hotel for nine nights . i book through hotels com and secure a nightly rate of just under us     all inclusive . this modern high rise hotel be locate in the western part of hong kong island in the western market area of sheung wan . the macau ferry terminal be an easy ten minute walk from the hotel , the sheung wan mtr station an additional five minutes , and the airport express station just ten minutes from the hotel by taxi . there be tram service on des voeux road with the closest tram stop just one block from the hotel . as mention in other review , the island pacific hotel be locate in the heart of the dry seafood market area . others have mention the smell of dry seafood as strong and offensive . i really didn ‚ Ä ô t find the smell to be that strong unless walk directly in front of the many dry seafood shop and i didn ‚ Ä ô t really even notice the smell in and around the hotel . the smell certainly would not deter me from stay at this hotel in the future

stay here for a month . very decent place with good rooms , excellent view and helpful service . location be a bit of a problem as you need to walk a bit to get to the enarest bus   tram stop or the mtr . also , take long to get a cab during business hr

i be recommend this hotel by a friend who life in hk and really choose it because it be so cheap . i be therefore surprise to find that the service be impeccable , the location excellent and the hotel exceed expectation base on price . the pool be great too because after an afternoon shopping it be just what i needed . the only thing that i will say be that order food or drink in the hotel be very expensive   a bottle of water in the room be     and     dollar in the   across the road . tea be     in the bar ¬ £   ! that aside , i would highly recommend this

i love the location of the island pacific   yes it be a leisurely   walk to the central , but the route be direct or you can jump on a tram that will get you to the central area in about fifteen min

front desk helpful , accommodate me to avail rm even if i be early . bed be clean , floor be not , carpet grimmy so i do not go barefoot . toilet be clean , but shower smell strongly of urine , so i ask staff to reclean and disinfect while i go out to eat . two hr later , same condition , this time they clean while i be there . after , it still smell strongly , i tell them about it the next day , when i leave really early for ferry to macau . later that night , still bad situation , i finally figure it out the next day when i be go to check out    there be a drain that be back up at back of toilet and also the shower curtain could have already assimilate the continous smell . be a seasoned world traveler , i always wear rubber flipflops inside shower even if it be a very well review upscaled hotel , because cleaning standard may be different in different culture and establishments . breakfast buffet be a little high for ordinary familes , but cheap for business traveler on expense accounts . but it be an excellent and sumptuous breakfast . location be a good   minute wlk from train station . their shuttle be only   from hotel . area be good during days but quite isolate at night . there be other competitive hotel in hongkong that i would go back to  

the hotel be locate in this hotel be locate in sai wan , about   minutes bus or tram to central or sheung wan mtr station . because of its location eg no mtr station in the area , it be cheaper than many other hotels . there be a tram stop one minute from the hotel . you should expect to spend an extra   minutes travel each day

as we live in shenzhen the proximity to the hk macau shekou ferry terminal be a plus . i be look forward to a great night at this hotel . my expectation be high base on the hotel own website picture of a habour view room . with the musty smell and the room not at all like the photo my first impression be not the best . i be disappointed . however , we spend little time in it so i guess the container terminal view across the water do not matter . when we arrive at   to check in we be tell the room be not ready . this story do not fit with the very musty smell in the room . it have definitely not be use the night before or the night before that . it be clean but the carpet have some grubby look stains . the very small room have no decoration , no picture , only a flat screen tv with a few english speak channels . the bottled water be hk     bottle . that ‚ Ä ô s a rip off ! we eat out . the tea coffee make facility in the room be nice to have . the pool look good but surround by high rise . staff be very professional . shuttle bus to central , very useful . the immediate area be fun to explore and soho be hk     by taxi for good bars and food . would we stay again ? yes , next week for the hk sevens . will the room be musty ? i will let you know if you ask ! our rate for the harbour view room be about us     , maybe a tad more . next week we have a city view room book at us     at these price the hotel be reasonable value compare to others of a similar standard in hk . one day i will learn not to trust the hotel promotional photographs . our room definitely do not look a bit like the one show in the hotel website picture which be the same show by agoda the book agent

staff be very friendly and helpfull . rooms be clean and have everything we needed . food in the hotel be ok and reasonably price compare to restaurants . location be on the edge of the main city centre area but there 's a tram stop by the hotel that take you into the main city centre . you can even walk into the main city centre in   minutes and the main restaurant and bar area in   minutes . the area it be locate in make you feel you be in hong kong with all the loacl dry sea food shop , unlike the city centre that could be any city centre in the world . good value for money , especaily in hong

just on the egde of the banking sector . this hotel be great value for money . not large rooms but just enough . only grumble be the cost of food   meal in the hotel . then again it be quite pricey all over hong kong . a     cab ride into the heart of hong kong or a   minute walk . walk you can see the heart and soul of hk island and experience more than the average guide book . it be safe to do so . all the back street shop , stalls . fantastic . go up victoria peak by tram and decend by bus . sit at the top and at the front for good view

be careful when you be ask to put room security deposit at island pacific hotel ! they do tell us that this be refundable deposit , but when they give us a receipt we do not pay attention that there be     no refund    note at the end . front desk clerk both on the check in and the check out tell us that this be just a hold on the credit card , and we wo n't be change , but that be not the case , we do get charge and never get our money back , because it be no refund listed .

clean and functional hotel with typical for hk small rooms . clean loos , room service that deliver , small pool and close to the tram stop ! nice place to stay on a budget

while on my gap year , i decide i want to visit australia as it the one place on earth i have always want to visit , but never think i would have the chance . so , as i leave   form , i choose to do a gap year , im so please i do ! the one thing that put me off though , be the   hour plane journey . so i decide to break up the flight with a stay in hong kong ! very glad i do ! ! i find this hotel on agoda , i get a very good deal on a twin room for   night , so me and my friend decide to go here

on arrival at the airport you may be tempt to head for the subway or get a cab . you can , but for     hkd you can simply get bus   and stop number   will drop you off right outside this hotel

overall the stay be a bit above average . i book for a queen size bed through the website but when i arrive i be give a room with two twin beds . the front desk clerk say they do n't have anymore queen size bed rooms leave until   days later . when a room with queen size bed come up the front desk clerk call me about the news so i gather my belong and make the switch to a harbour view queen size room

we have live in shenzhen for   month and travel over to hong kong regularly for weekend mini breaks . we have stay in a number of hotel in different area of hong kong and this one top it . if you want good value this one can not be beaten . the staff be very helpful and the hotel be very clean and modern . the outside do not do it justice . for ¬ £   per night we get a standard room which be upgrade to a harbour view for free . the windows be floor to ceiling and give a crack panoramic view . the room size be fair with a very comfy bed . the bathroom be adequate with a very powerful shower over the bath

the hotel be quite a good value for money . it may not be locate in the most central part of hong kong island , but if you fancy a decent hotel at a reasonable rate , this hotel be for you

we book this hotel ourselves on the internet for ‚ Ç ¨   and be surprise about the location and standard of the room . luxureous lobby , big room , marble bathroom with bathtub , great view over the harbour with an awesome sunrise . easy to reach with the hongkong tram . good price . people at the reception could be a bit more friendly , but the rest make up for that ! we go out for diner and breakfast , so no review about the food

the hotel be run a promo so we enjoy a good rate of about   with free upgrade , free daily breakfast and free daily consumption of the mini bar . pringles chip , cup noodle , nut , beer , evian     soft

a good deal if you do n't mind the smell and the distance from the subway station

the hotel itself be really not bad , the staff be professional , housekeep be good , they say hello and smile . the room be very clean , water pressure good . we stay in a harborview room . the room size be not big , but not closet size , big enough to put our suitcase and move around . have buffet breakfast in the hotel resturant once , for     , it be n't very good . every once in while , we could smell the dry fish smell in the lobby , but never in our room

when i arrive at the hotel i be a bit disappoint by the outside , the concierge staff be very polite and be helpful throughout my stay whenever i have any question and would always tell me both the cheapest and most convenient way to get to where i want to go . the reception staff be very blunt and abrupt and nowhere near as helpful as the concierge

this hotel be to the west of central hong kong island , but right on the tram line and there be frequent bus go almost past the front door . the tram be a little slower , but very easy to use just pay     on the way off and since the tram line be just a single line very easy to get your bearing on . a taxi from the hotel into the centre of the city be about     under   gb pound . do n't let the fact the hotel be n't right in the centre put you off at all

yes this hotel be out of the way , but that work for us , it be so great to get away from the hustle and bustle of hong kong and kowloon , and get back to an area that feel like that way it should be

an average   star hotel that match its rating

this large hotel be locate just on the side of victoria harbor in the middle of dry seafood street . we get a great deal for a week stay on expedia and we be really worry when the cab driver drop us off because the area smell like the street name , but the hotel be very professional and classy . the room be small , but it have large window wall with a view of victoria harbor . the hotel staff speak english and be very helpful . everyplace you want to go be just a short tram ride away , and each ride costs the equivalent of   cents . the tram stop closest to the hotel be just around the corner . the tram have open windows , which let the breeze come in on hot days , and they 're an excellent way to tour the city . i would not recommend pay more money to stay closer to the city center . there be       's within walk distance and a   mcd 's . plus , there be several local bakery and noodle shop in the area . the hotel buffet be decent , but you will get a much better value outside . there be a shuttle bus that take you to the airport when you check out . i strongly recommend this hotel for the real hong kong experience

this hotel be all together okay . the rooms be simple and small yet clean and well kept . the staff be friendly   not all of them speak english but those who do n't be quick to point out someone who does . the business center be tidy and very handy . the best thing about the hotel be the views . you 'll have spactacular view of the harbor and victoria 's peak if you 're fortunate to stay in a room which face these sites . however , the biggest drawback of the hotel be the location . it 's locate in a slum like area which be a big shock to my sense have just arrive from the west . outside , it smell really bad   like something between seafood , ramen noodle and vomit . it 's also a bit of a hike to the sites . i do n't stay long enough to figure out public transportation but the closest subway station be a decent walk away . if i have to do it all over , i would have stay closer to central hong kong . although the hotel be fine for my need , it be n't so great as to make up for its location

we stay here for two week and think it be great . it be excellent value because it be a little out of the centre of town . however , with travel as cheap and convenient as it be in hong kong , this be no problem . service be excellent at all times and staff could n't do enough to help . the room be quite a good size compare with some i have stay in before , particularly in london , and we have a corner room with two great views . as an extra bonus you get to stay in a more traditional area of the island and see a little of more old fashion hk life . some people have comment on the dry seafood shop there   and their smell . we do n't find that the shop smell much in spite of temperature up to   degree and over     humidity   phew ! and they be much more interesting than the plethora of department store and chain store in the centre . our only criticism be that our room wasn ‚ Ä ô t ready when we arrive , even though we arrive mid afternoon from a long haul flight and be hot and exhausted . however , this do not mar the stay , and overall this be a great hotel serve good food and excellent value , particularly recommend if you be stay a little longer in hk

i have a really great experience at this hotel . the room and bathroom be both very clean and modern . the waitstaff and concierge be very helpful and speak english very well . the view from our room of hong kong harbor be incredible from the   floor

we have just spend   days stay in this hotel in hong kong . we book it through a travel website and get a really great deal   about   euro a night

book through ba hotline travel cause i get a good rate

nice , clean but small rooms . we stay on the   floor and have an interesting view of the surround neighborhood . hotel be modern with good , prompt service but its location near the fish market make for some nice smells . we find their free shuttle useful to get to other transit stations , so that be a nice amenity . business centre be very nice and have good pc for rent   another nice bonus . i 'd stay there again

have just return from a very enjoyable   night stay at island pacific hotel with my husband and two teenage children . rooms good size with fantastic floor to ceiling view of the harbour and kowloon . marble bathroom and very clean and comfortable beds . rooms have fridge , safe , hairdryer , complimentary toiletry and free morning paper . free access to hotel outdoor pool and air condition gym . staff very helpful and free courtesy bus from hotel to various 'key ' location in hong kong a bonus ! hotel be walk distance of tram stop locate on des vouex road west . be give free welcome drink on arrival   nice touch . be able to request a late check out , at no additional charge , which be great when return to the uk on a late evening flight ! would highly recommend this hotel

we book it through british airway and pay ¬ £   for a three night stay on our way home from a three week trip around australia . value for money wise its an excellent hotel . our room have a harbour view and although it be a bit small we only sleep in it because we spend all day out and about in the olympic fever of hong kong island and kowloon . the rooms be clean , quiet and with daily maid service . what more do you want for   quid a night in downtown hong kong ! !

the first receptionist we meet be n't the nicest , but she do get some guy to deal with our book and we get instantly upgrade ! ! ! i love the room ! we have full length windows on   adjacent wall ,   face the water and   face the surround apartments . the cleaning maid service be really good . very nice hotel , most worker be very nice as well ! area be good , at least for me , because get to experience everyday living . it be also close to   , laundry services , and cheap food . close to the tram as well , which be really cheap and close to buses . they also have a shuttle if you get there at certain times . overall , i would definately stay here again . my only complaint be you have to pay for internet use and for instant noodle and other snack which be very overprice , plus we have to pay for one we put back ! . also , the restaurant in the hotel close to early ! but these be minor complaint , they be n't enough to chase me away

we stay in a standard room for   nights . the room be very clean , comfortable , and have all the amenities common to a good hotel . the location be a tad far from the metro   you have to take the tram for about   minutes to the nearest main station . this might be a little inconvenient for those who be not acquaint with the city . since i have be to hk several times , this be not an issue . the mattress be a bit hard , but that 's pretty common in asian hotels . nevertheless , i would stay again

stay here the night before fly out , and the view from the higher floor   be great . the room be absolutely tiny though . harbour view room , with twin bed , and no room to swing a cat . upon check in , the receptionist tell me it would take   hours for my room to be ready , it be after their specify check in time , and when i be less than please , this   hours become   minutes . so they be attentive to guest needs . as with another hk hotel , i find the bed to be far too hard to sleep on comfortably . but housekeep be prompt when i request an iron board . location be ok , a short tramride to central or about a   min walk . the pool area be nice , and the gym useful . the hotel have a nice bar also . if you need an overnighter before a flight thats cheap and clean , then definately choose this place . but if you need to stay in hk for longer than   night stopover , i would choose somewhere closer to central , with a bit more space in the room and more comfy bed

what a fantastic hotel ! we stay in hong kong for   week , one week on the island , one week in macau and one week in kawloon and this be one of the best hotel

we stay one night in this hotel which we find excellent value for money . we book through asiatravel com with a last minute deal it be     for the night . on arrival they do not have a standard room available so they upgrade us to an executive room on the harbourside . this i admit might colour my vision about our experience as the room be way above our expectation , large space , large firm bed ,large bathroom that be well fit out and one of those shower to die for , you know the sort that propels you into the wall

we book our stay through british airway and get it really cheap , be expect a tiny room but it be n't actually that small and have a great view over the harbour . the maid come every day and change the towel , room be very clean , bed comfy , nothing to complain about

my boyfriend     i stay at island pacific hotel for   nights . bear in mind to take down the chinese name of the hotel so as to show the taxi driver on arrival at hong kong airport express station . the chinese name be     Â § ™ Â π ≥ Ê ¥ ã È Ö í Â ∫ ó     . my bf     i do not know the chinese name of the hotel and ask the airport express customer service counter staff for direction . he write the hotel name in chinese on a piece of paper but we be actually bring to a hotel in wanchai south pacific hotel . [ to side track a bit , the hotel staff in south pacific hotel be really nice . not only do they help us to get a taxi , they tell the taxi driver our destination , write it in chinese for us and even carry our luggage onto the taxi ! impressive service ! !

we arrive in a thunderstorm amidst the worst rain on record for this area . luckily the taxi be able to pull into the area to the rear of the hotel entrance to let us out . the staff be very helpful and by the time we have check in at reception , which be on the first floor , our bag be outside our rooms . a small problem with the keycard but that be soon sorted . the rooms , on the   floor , be a bit small for a   night stay but be clean and the bed be comfortable . the side harbour view be as expect albeit the continual downpour dim the view somewhat . the room be clean everyday and the sheet and towel be change daily too . the bathroom be tidy daily but be not mop out daily as i would have like

a terrific place   a real find . rooms be bigger than average for hk and many have a fantastic view over the harbour . once you have find it for the first time , it 's easy to use the tram to and from anywhere central on the island side . staff be really friendly and helpful , right from concierge , front desk and all area

book the island pacific primarly for the price through ba less than ¬ £   for   night . i have be concern about the location of the hotel but be reassure by the review on tripadvisor

we stay at island pacific for   nights . we find it by internet and it be an emergency option until our previous book hotel have free rooms , but it be better than we expect and we stay here all the night we be go to be in hong kong . the staff be extremely considerate and helpful . the hotel be very clean and nice and view from the room be amazing

this be a standard   star hotel , nothing more and nothing less . the lobby be a nice average hotel lobby if that 's important to you however the rooms be quite date and very basic . if you be on a low budget and just need a place to stay for , this be a good choice . however the location be not ideal , as it be out of the city centre and no tube station be close . therefore you either walk to the mtr   min walk or you take the tram which be almost round the corner

we stay in this hotel for four nights . it be clean i really like it , water on the shower be strong but not every time i flush the toilet bowl though , but over all experience be wonderful . very convenient location , accessible to everything especially with the authentic hong kong food just outside the hotel . the staff be nice and helpful . they give us street and harbor view rooms even if i forgot to request . how wonderful ! rooms be just perfect size for standard rooms . clean sheet and towel everyday . we will stay here again and the hotel be really recommendable

my wife and i stay here for   night before fly onto australia and may i say this be a great hotel . we get a taxi from the train terminal to the island pacific which cost about     we pull up , our door be open , we be welcome and our bag take straight to the room . check in be a breeze . our room be on the   floor and be a good size with a good size bathroom . we order room service on the first night which be very good

we look for age to find a good value hotel in hk and find this via the ba website . the hotel be a bit away from the action of hk island but there be so many bus , tram and taxis that if you do n't fancy the   min walk to the metro there be plenty of options . we manage to get a room upgrade to a great room on the   floor . overall would stay here again , clean hotel and pleasant staff

this be an excellent hotel , with a gym and pool on the roof . the gym be n't as good as that at the jen hotel over the road , however

the location may not seem good to some traveller but if you be street smart and have a good travel map of hong kong with you , it 's actually fine . island pacific be actually within a   walk from sheung wan mtr station . from the mtr station , you be only   minutes away from the central business district , central , and about   minutes away from the shopping district , causeway bay . if you know how to take the tram , that 's even better . the tram charge a flat rate of   approx . a quarter no matter of the distance you travel . there be a tram stop about   metre from the entrance of the hotel . while the tram be slower than the mrt , you will still get to central in approximately   minutes and causeway bay in approximately   minutes , depend on the time of the day

i stay in this hotel for a few night and have a great stay . the location be central and it be clean . my only grouse though , it 's a fair bit of a walk to the nearest mtr and there be no free wi fi

ok so the island pacific be in sheung wan and approx   minutes by cab ,   minutes on the trolley to central . sheng wan be much more of a local suburb so you see less tourist , and more local which be nice . hotel be failry modern , maybe mid   's , rooms be decent size and well maintained . outlook be plesant , either back up to the 'midlevels ' or a view of the harbour

we stay at this hotel for nine night whilst we visted hong kong . the hotel be book through british airways . the hotel offer good quality , clean , air condition accommodation at a very good price

stay at the island pacific for three night follow a two night stay at the peninsula whilst in hk for a wedding . after a stay in the pen , expect to be disappoint but be pleasantly surprise by this hotel . the rooms be on the small side and there be a strange smell in the lobby mixture of soap and fish . however , the rooms be undergo an upgrade and ours have a flat screen tv on the wall as well as update decor in comparison to rooms which have not be update

as i write this i be still at the hotel wait for my trip to the airport . i extend my stay at the ip because well , its clean , its comfortable , its civilize and it be more than i expected . the website be accurate so do n't be suspicious

stay at the island pacific from march   and i must say i be more than pleased . the staff be very accommodating . the rooms be n't big , but clean with very comfortable beds . you will only have problem with the size if you plan to dance around the room or carry   large suitcases . we get the spring special which make it even better value for money . the     culinary delight from north and south china    dinner buffet that come free with the package be amazing . the food taste great and unlike other dinner buffet fare that taste like they be make for mass production . you can leave your bag after you check out for up to   days ! ! ! when there be a slight discrepancy in the billing get charge for buffet dinner which be suppose to be free , the check out staff immediately within   second correct the mistake . the tram be literally right behind the hotel and if you do n't want to walk to the sheung wan mrt , you can take the tram and get off there . alternatively , you can take the tram all the way to the other side of the island for only hk     ! !

hotel be good , clean and rooms ok size for hong kong hotel . pillow really good and comfortable this be really important to me as not the usual for a hotel . bed be firm but i like it that way . the full window view of harbour be nice to wake up to each day . have confirmation we be to have adjoin rooms but on arrival have be give two rooms not even next to each other , but arrange for a room change later in the day . location be close to the hong kong tram for ease of get around the island and hotel shuttle quite convienient . use shuttle to get to the airport express station on last day where you can also check in your luggage and your flight then travel to the airport easily on the train . location of hotel be good if you like to be out of the busy area like i do but there be not many restaurant close by

how much you will enjoy this hotel depend on what kind of trip you be on . for my own sake , i be on a short explorer trip and not really have any specific plan of what to see and to in hong kong . because of that the location of the hotel not matter much

spend   night at the island pacific . the location be a little off the beaten track in hong kong island . nearest mtr station be sheung wan about   min fast walk , but be easy to get to on the quaint tram that run along the main street just behind the hotel

i have a great time at the island pacific between   february and   february   i be upgrade to the top floor face centre street and have a fabulous city view to the west of hong kong island overlook apartment block and skyscraper and across the harbour to lantau

i stay at the island pacific while on a consultation to the university of hong kong . the hotel be a short   minute walk up hill to the hku dental school . i find the walk thoroughly enjoyable with lots of small shops   many sell shark fins   and heaps of people and activity . to me , the location be reminiscent of the hong kong of long ago . the area be old and maintain that character . so if you 're look for trendy shop you ai n't gon na find it around here

the hotel be not conveniently locate for tourists . there be n't any big shopping center locate within walk distance of the hotel . a variety of restaurant be conveniently locate nearby

be an awesome stay   great value when book on wotif com , and i get upgrade to a high floor , with amazing harbour view   when its not foggy , that is . overall , a nice modern hotel

location   no problem . centrally located .

we enjoy our stay at island pacific hotel , the hotel be modern and clean but the rooms be small and quite stuffy . hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . it be easy to get to from the airport as there be a hotel shuttle bus which leave every   min to go to hotel which be convenient . bar at hotel have free internet . i use the gym once but find it very hot as no one have think to put the air con on and the drinking water bottle on display be empty

situate on hk island and be about a   minute stroll to shueng wan mtr station but there be plentiful very cheap taxis around and also bus and the incredibly cheap tram to central and beyond . the hotel be base on a road sell lots of dry fish and the area itself be pleasant enough without be anything exceptional . connaught road seem especially pollute though and some traffic noise

i live on an outlying island in hong kong and as the ferry service be limited i sometimes stay overnight in central . i have stay in quite a few hotel locate in wanchai whic be double or triple the price and half the standard of the island pacific

i have be to hk probably a dozen times   not quite stay in a different hotel each time but close . hk be not a city that you want to book a room for at the last minute , especially if you do n't know the conference schedule . if you be a seasoned global business traveler catch in a jam like i be , need a room on a 'the city be pack ' conference week , and do n't have an unlimited t    e budget , then the island pacific be a perfectly acceptable option

just about to book my third stay at the island pacific . i really ca n't fault it   comfortable rooms , friendly staff , great loction . yes , it be a good   min walk to central but the mtr be   min away and there be tram and bus stop right outside . plus this area of the island be , for me , more authentic . the seafood and dry medicine shop be fascinating but do smell   it 's a smell i do n't think i will ever get use to but will also never forget ! it 's close to hollywood street and some of the fantastic temples . i have n't be able to find better value . one tip   ask the staff to write out the hotel name for you in cantonese   not all of the cab driver understand where it be at first   quite frustrate when you be stick in the new territory in the small hours try to get back to the hotel like i was .

this be my   trip to hong kong and after stay at the excelsior hotel the last time everything else would probably seem a bit of a let down hotel wise as we just not have the money to pay for this class of hotel again

the hotel location be not as bad as i think its locate in the western area of hong kong island and its even better locate than the ramada hotel which be a little bit further down the road . the first day i go in the hotel i realise the fish smell but never recognise it afterwards . the area be full of dry fish shop but the smell be not that strong unless you walk all the way next to the shop to the nearest mtr station

i have one night stay here and choose it because i have never stay before . i have a meeting on the west side . fyi the location be really at the western most end of the mtr line on the island . to be honest , the location be not that convenient even for my meeting but it be a great view . that remain the most memorable part of my stay , the view from my room , look onto the harbour . hotel could do with a ‚ Ä ú kiss and cuddle ‚ Ä ù although it be clean . as mention by previous reviewer carpet and soft furnishing have the ‚ Ä ú use odour . ‚ Ä ù the room be spartan in fit out but warm , bathroom show its age

stay here for   night earlier this month and be n't expect much due to the price compare to some of the more establish hotels . i be n't disappointed . there be a definite smell of fish in the hotel which mysteriously disappear when you step outside . the rooms be small and cramped . there be a fousty smell in the bathroom ,

we have just return from a one night stay book at short notice and pay a bargain gbp   i would have no hesitation recommend this hotel . the location be good on the edge of central in the heart of an overwhelmingly cantonese area . lots of dry fish store nearby but no problem with smells . it be only a   minute walk and a   minute tram ride to ifc mall in the heart of central . the bathroom be very spacious by any let alone hk standard as indeed be the rest of the double maybe not the most modern decor but it be clean and well maintained . we be give a victoria harbour side face room and the view towards the vast apartment building in western district be at least as good as the part of kowloon on view . the staff be very efficient and we would happily return

i have stay at the ip many times , and will do so again in march   the rooms be small , the carpet could do with some refreshment ! , but the staff be excellent . the breakfast and buffet dinner bars be very good value only if book as part of your package . i usually stay for   days on business , and enjoy be on the island , and in a 'real ' part of hk . the tram be excellent for get to central or star ferry terminal , etc . a nice walk be to leave the hotel , and find hollywood road , the man mo temple , and follow the antique shop into central via the foreign correspondent club . the dry seafood and frog , etc on sale be a source of local character , and the gy at the kwok wah ateam laundry   yard up the hill on the right do an excellent , cheap job overnight ! watch out for variable room rates if there be a conference exhibition take place , and the tour group from the mainland hog the lifts . for a change , the nepalese indian restaurant up the hill to the light turn right , then on the right be wonderful value ! enjoy and save money !

