great hotel with good service , nice ambience and decor . wish there be wifi though , anyway the whole stay be a great experience and i will defnitely go back again

i love the location of the hotel . quite near mtr station     there be a lot of food and shopping choice in the vicinity

small but comfortable hotel , close to the metro for easy access to the attraction of central and kowloon . the room be compact but well think out and well equip , the staff be pleasant and helpful . the restaurant be be renovate during our stay but there be plenty of place to eat in the surround street and plaza

i love this place ! the white interior and design in the apartment give it a soothe and home kind of feeling to it . it 's like come     home    , since the look and feel of the place be like it could be your home

my wife and i spend seven wonderful night at this hotel , in a studio room , and could not fault it . the staff be very friendly and very helpful at all times , obviously enjoy their work environment . as be the norm for hong kong hotel , the room be not large , but it be very well lay out with a host of feature   plenty of storage space , free internet cable and adaptor plug provide , tv that rotate   degree , even a small kitchette with hotplate and microwave

i stay here overnight while in transit . the whole place have a feeling of calm and the decor be definitely     one off    in a very subtle way . the hotel staff could not do enough to make us comfortable but in an unobtrusive quiet way . and very reasonably price

we love this hotel and would stay again ! the hotel be beautifully design and very clean , with a free bottled water , espresso coffee , and soft drink available   the rooms be medium sized and nicely do with a comfortable bed and nice linens . the free continental breakfast be excellent and they have free washer and dryer for use . the hotel be a   minute walk to the metro and be within   minutes to the huge mall and shopping area . french restaurant nearby , but we enjoy eat near the outdoor escalator in central and soho most . the concierge and front desk help with direct us  service be excellent . our fave place to eat   eat right off escalator , icaramba mexican and hong kong brew company great food     beer ! ask the concierge for direction and she look it up on the internet , write the name and address in chinese , and give us a map

this hotel be a little gem . and when i say little , i certainly mean it . everything from the rooms , the lobby , the elevator foyer , the hallway and even the chair be small . but it be staff with very helpful , well informed employee who exude calm competence . we appreciate the morning continental breakfast   nice selection of cereal , fruit , bread and yogurt . as have be say in earlier review , the rooms be small but well design and i think that rooms in hk be generally very petite as we also stay at langham place and the rooms there be also small tho that hotel be a much larger and more full service experience . causeway bay be a great , bustle spot perfect for tour the city . there be lots of both luxury and not so luxury shopping option and the street surround the hotel be full of local resident and tons of dine options . i would definitely recommend this hotel for guest who do no require over the top   luxury but who do appreciate cleanliness , good design and an excellent value in a great hk neighborhood . note that we do n't try the in room dine option or the restaurant that just open in the hotel

my partner and i stay at jia hong kong for   night and love the entire experience

we love the little touch   continential breakfast in lobby , unlimited softdrinks and water   a day and free wine in the lobby in the evenings . the hotel be swanky and funky , its only downfall be that the rooms be a bit small expect for hk but well equipped . suprisingly quite on the higher floor

so what if its philippe starck designed interior do n't pack that quite of a trendiness punch they do four years ago ? this be still a great place to stay , and offer wonderful service , a comfortable room and peace and quiet amid the busy city . i enjoy my three recent night there

i find jia while look for smaller but nicer accommodation in hong kong . the studio room be a bit too small for my need but it be tolerable , maybe because the bed be too big for the room space . if i be not mistake , the studio room be about   sqm but it have a receive area plus a tiny kitchen in it too . bathroom size be okay . i just have some problem with the water pressure but it be address immediately

stay at the jia in one of their studio rooms type   for one night this past weekend

we have just return from jia and will definitely stay there if we visit hong kong again . the hotel be pretty and the standard studio , whilst small , be exceptionally well design to make up for it . the only negative be the unusually noisy air condition which be situate directly above the bed in the studios . every night sound like a storm be rage outside   to the extent that the night a typhoon actually hit hong kong we not realise . however , everything else be excellent , particularly the charming and friendly staff who make us feel at home the minute we arrive and be unbelievably polite to the many guest complain that the city be on shutdown due to the force   typhoon on shutdown because it be dangerous to travel   although of course hotel staff be oblige to come in ! . the restaurant   bar be currently close for refurbishment and i wonder whether that account for the particularly homey feel , and the relatively low rate we get by book direct through the hotel 's web page

i first stay at jia last year , and i have be back twice most recently for two night in early april   . there 's a lot to like about this small   studio and suite apartment boutique hotel , and if you 're an independent traveler seek style , comfort , and value in an hk hotel , i highly recommend the jia

positive be the location , good room size by hong kong standard for the price , the design in general and the good roomy shower . negative be that the light over the bed make it difficult for one person to read while the other sleep , the mirror in the bathroom be not usable for anyone under     , there be a lot of outside noise , and the room be cold it be february . the last two be exacerbate by the fact there be only single glaze on the windows , which be odd for a modern building

have read a few review state that the rooms be small    i stay here in jan   on   floor one bedroom suite and it be far from small . fit with small but funtional kitchen who dines in in hk anyway , large lounge , day bed room , big bathroom and a perfect size bedroom be that you only need the bed . i wish i have buy the cd that be the sound track to many drunken return

we spend   night at the end of feb   here

this be a classic case of too much focus on how the place look and not enough on what customer actually want . and do n't misunderstand , i be in my   's , love design and usually like individual hotels . the issue  

jia be beautifully design and have some really nice touches . the studio suite be small but i am a solo traveller so it suit me . if you 're a couple or a family , go for a larger size apartment or suite

just return from our honeymoon overseas , we lay over in hong kong to break the long journey back to sydney . have expreienced the regular hong kong hotel in the past , jia hotel be a divine experience in comparison . classy , quality and aesthetic touch abound and make it difficult to leave the room

it 's not a hotel . it 's an apartment building with noisy small rooms and no heating . the interior be ok and the service be

what the jia spend on design it certainly do not spend on construction . this be a very noisy hotel . all the street noise be transmit through single pane windows and through air shaft in the bath . we have have to change rooms after be tell it would n't make a difference . it do n't . free internet and breakfast certainly a plus but not worth a good night sleep . staff be very helpful

the jia be a young hip and cool place to stay in hk . there be lots of place to eat on irving . it be only a   block away from sogo and the mtr . there be some great shop in the causeway bay area , all within walk distance . times square be about a quick   minute walk away . if shopping be your thing , its hard to beat the convenience and the price of this hotel . the staff be all courteous and helpful . the free continental breakfast every morning be a nice touch , do n't forget the fresh oj . there be also complimentary gym pass to california fitness close to times square . good facility and not too busy . there be also a laundry place right behind the hotel . only     hkd to do a bag of laundry and you get it back in an hour . just make sure you separate your white and colours ! as you will guess , i highly recommend this place to stay . also be sure to check out lkf if you like your drinks . its a fun happen area almost every night

just back from a long weekend in hong kong where we stay at the jia

stay   night at the jai

my family and i stay at jia for a week this past september in one of their penthouse unit , which be a two level unit with two bedroom , two bath , kitchen , dine room and live room . it be definitely spacious and a good value compare with book two traditional hotel rooms in hong kong of this property class

jia boutique hotel be a fantastic alternative to giant luxury hotel in hong kong , it be modern , small , stylish philippe starck design and personable . great location as well in causeway bay . fabulous restaurant be right downstairs and have a good barscene at night

my wife and i stay at the jia during a   layover in hong kong and really enjoy the hotel

i ca n't recommend this place highly enough . honestly , my two stay here have be faultless

i stay at the jia twice in august . overall the experience be excellent . my comment

i stay here for   night with my partner last august on our way to europe . like most people , i be initially attract to the hotel because of its phillip starck design , and it certainly do not disappoint on that score , but its famous designer do somewhat overshadow the fact that this be a great little hotel in every way

this be my second time at jia in hong kong . and i love to be back . people work at jia be friendly and very helpfull whenever you need help . hotel rooms at jia make me feel be home while away   very comfortable bed , great shower and if you want you even make your own breakfast use small kitchen unit    there be wash and dry machine available to wash your clothes . the only thing i miss at jia be a gym but they do offer complimentary entrance to the gym very close from jia self . breakfast room be small and have small choice of food but good enought to start the day ! i will be back   

pro   very clean newly design rooms , great location for shopping and sightsee on hong kong there be a highly rate bar and restaurant  opia attach to the hotel and you can get room service . open plan suite layout be good   although quite small but perfect as a base for a slightly longer stay in hong kong  hotel staff friendly and helpful

langham place be fully book during my business trip to hk last week . so i decide to go for jia after read so much about it . think it will be a nice change from large hotel

we stay at the jia boutique hotel from january   ,   there be four of us     adult and our two son , age   and   we absolutely love this hotel . we stay in the penthouse suite    two bedroom and bath and a daybed in the live room . it be a perfect setup for us . our son each have their own space and their own bathroom

we stay in a studio suite and a   apartment suite on our way to and from europe . the studio suite be quite small but so compact and well design with a mini kitchenette , marble bathroom and flat screen tv . it also have excellent a c and very good value room service from y bistro downstairs in the hotel

we stay in the penthouse of this hotel for   nights . we   adults . it be nice . u have ur own kitchen , dine table for   , washer dryer ,   lcd tv 's , dvd player , and comfi bed and   good size bathrooms . it wasnt cheap compare to   star hotel actually the same price . but u not have pool , no view at all , simple continental breakfast which be more then enough to start u up , no   hour room service . i like that there be a place down with water and joices and some cake all day free . the location be ok . close to metro but its in the crowd and cheap part of the town . overal ok but with the price im give i would stay in   star hotel with harbour view and pool

a stop for a honeymoon trip , pleasant and peaceful atmosphere . the rooms a rea really convenient . it be exactly like if you have your own appartment in the center of hk . the decoration be really hype , good atmosphere , you can go with child as the room be quite spacious at least the one we have . we

the

after business in kuala lumpur , i decide that i need some serious r    r and catch up with friend in hong kong . i hadn â € ™ t be there for about four years so i really need to get reacquaint with the local scene

we stay at the jia for our week 's vacation in hong kong and absolutely love it   rooms be spacious , white and cool with funky touch love the hotel 's cd . breakfast buffet be good and the adjacent y 'bistro ' serve great asia fusion food . staff be friendly and helpful plus the location be just great   causeway bay be non stop shopping and restaurant , plus the mtr station be a   minute walk from the hotel . if you 're a malmaison fan you 'll find this a home from home

we stay at the jia for   night with our   year old son . we have a suite , which be more of a bijou apartment , with a kitchenette and plenty of storage

rooms be too small , breakfast be boring , location be so so and for the same rate you can get much better option

beautiful lobby , beautiful rooms , great amenities , could plug our ipod into the tv  surround sound system and chill out . love the free soft drink all day plus cocktail hour   free wine   always good

you ca n't go wrong with this hotel for your next trip to hong kong . we stay for   days and find the hotel to be clean , the staff friendly , and the location very convenient . there be several subway stop nearby to take you to any part of hong kong you may want to go   victoria park be just around the corner for those look for sport activity the park have an excellent tennis facility and of course , lots of shop to visit . we even find a bank of america atm a half block away . the regular rooms be small but the layout of our room make the most of the space . the continental breakfast each morning and the self service refreshment bar in the lobby be an add bonus , as well as the     happy hour    host by the hotel in the early evenings . all be include in our room rate and make a great value even better . i would stay at this hotel again even without these freebie

we have a perfect experience at this hotel . first of all the price be right , we pay about     us per night . the hotel be brand new , the staff be very nice and speak good english , the room be great with plasma tv , fridge and an excelent shower . breakfast in the morning be great and you can take water , soda and juice to your room for free . room service be also very nice and the limo to the airport brand new mercedes be worth the    

hong kong be the classic ex pat kind of city that believe style have to equal a fair dollop of chintz and gold . if it be not for the felix bar at the top of the peninsula i ca n't think of a reason to pay it a visit and actually even the bar be not that great compare to aqua . so push the grand old dame of so call class and grandeur aside    i be overjoy to fall upon hotel jia

