i 'd read various review of this hotel on other site particularly on this site so have an idea of what to expect beforehand

i stay in this hotel   times in the past   years   awesome value ! spacious room for hk standard and very clean ! modern interior , funky blind drawing toilet ! ha

this hotel be on the cheap end , so while i be n't expect much , i be hope that it would at least be clean . they were . the rooms actually look exactly like how they do on the website

stay in june for a couple of night during a hong kong stopover

lovely spot , definitely make special by the staff ,the room be fine , bathroom be small and tv with many channels , discovery channel repeat ! the staff be extremely helpful , would like to thank them very much and will defintely be recommend them ! i would still definitely recommend this place though

we choose jj hotel for its price and location . from the airport we take bus   and get off at steward road opposite the caltex petrol pump . the hotel be   min walk from the bus stop . ask for wan chai road and it be right there . we have two small child and have two suitcase but find the walk etc very comfortable . the hotel be lcoated on   floor of lucky plaza and be on a busy street . it be very close to causeway   min walk . the times sqaure in causeway bay be very beautifully do up cos of christmas . we also walk to the ferry station , take ferry to kowloon and then take bus to science museum which the kid love as it be very interactive

'good value ' seem to imply cheap and nasty , but jj hotel be anything but . my partner and i stay for a week at jj and be stoke with the room and the staff

i am go to make this brief . this hotel be on the cheap end , so while i be n't expect much , i be hope that it would at least be clean . they were . the rooms actually look exactly like how they do on the website

i have be there last year for business trip . the room be very clean and look good . it would be a good nap space for you in hk

this hotel occupies four floor of the lucky centre building , a   minute walk from wan chai mtr station exit   . it be clean and quiet , despite be on a busy street . a safe building with   hour security in the lobby . other amenities include free wireless internet and complimentary bottle of water . upon check in , we receive coupon for free cheesecake or two large beers . we have a room with a comfortable king size bed . bathroom be transparent with glass doors . you can pull down blind for some privacy but sometimes it be a hassle , especially when you need to use it in a pinch . must be careful to aways leave the a c on when take a shower   otherwise , fire alarm may go off . we book this hotel with agoda com   no issue

the hotel be just over a year old so everything be in top condition . it 's not even a full hotel building since it 's spread out over several floor of the lucky centre in wan chai . however as far as cleanliness , modern surroundings and room pricing   it ca n't be beat especially for be in hong kong island . you can get modern rooms in other district but stay in wan chai make you feel like you 're somewhere different and not just another big metropolis

i would say if you be go to hong kong as a tourist this be the best place to stay in very centrally locate , comfortable and affordable for the price what you pay  it be right in the heart of the city and as you come out there be tramp , metro and bus very comfortable any body from india go to sightsee should stay here with family excellent place . and good eat joint near by a pakistani resturant at the back of the hotel

have stay in a few hotel in hong kong over the years and have live in hong kong for   month i feel i am quite well qualify to comment on accomodation in this amazing city . the jj hotel be not a big glamorous hotel as it be spread over floor   and   of the lucky centre in wan chai on hk island . however as far as rooms and service go it 's excellent . the rooms and bed be very large most hk hotel rooms be like cupboard with a bed in clean and well serviced . my room have a huge walk in shower as well as a bath with a second shower over it . also there be tea   coffee facility , an in room safety deposit box and a good size wardrobe . wireless internet access be include and work without problem for the whole week i stay at the jj . the hotel be locate in easy walk distance   minutes of the wan chai convention centre and be about a   minute walk from the wan chai mtr station . also within easy reach of the hotel be supermarket there 's one below the hotel , mcdonald 's , coffee shop and pharmacies . also within walk distance   be the lively bar and restaurant area of wan chai . make sure you have the address with you as i get a taxi back to the hotel on   occassions and the taxi driver do not know the hotel . pick up a hotel name card at reception and keep it with you at all times and you 'll be fine

we be really happy with this hotel . it be clean , spacious for hong kong and the location could n't be better   right in the thick of the action , and only minutes from the mtr . it be incredible value for money , and the staff be helpful and pleasant . i would recommend it to anyone . we go their for an anniversary treat and although i would n't class it as the most romantic of hotel , it suit us just fine . great street market and a huge selection of local restaurant be just minutes from the hotel . my only small complaint be a toilet that emmited a high pitch squeak in the middle of the night , and you have to get up and flush it to stop the noise ! ! overall very happy and would n't hesitate in recommend it

arrive in a taxi cheap in hk which be probably best as it be a very busy area although mtr station wanchai only   min walk away . taxi driver unaware of the hotel and it do n't look much from the outside being part of an office block . not a tourist hotspot but turn leave outside hotel for mtr and tram and you can walk along a pedestrian walkway to hk convention center in about   min ,   min further to wanchai star ferry across harbour to kowloon . turn right and   min walk to the times square huge shopping mall with nice restaurant in causeway bay . my room be a jj premier rm   , which be nice and big for hk , with a king bed and bathroom with bath an walk in shower . bathroom separate with glass wall , which work well but could provide a privacy issue for some sharers . once i log on to the correct connection there seem to be a few possibility the free wi fi work fine   a definite attraction in choose this hotel . in this day and age , all hotel should offer this service . the   floor be fine but it smell cigarette smokey on the   floor . otherwise clean and modern . the windows open too ! nice wall mounted tv , shame about the   channels on offer . they rent dvd if you 're interested . bed be very hard . personally , i would n't recommend it with child in tow . mcdonalds , delifrance in ccu ? building across road and starbucks , burger king close by turn right in parallel main road ,   , on other side of ccu . local bakery next door good for cheap bread , croissant and cakes . have have a few initial reservation about the hotel 's situation , it be great value for hk

i only have a few negative that have n't be mention

service  friendly and helpful staff , available   email from us within   to   hour , they make sure we have fresh towel even we put a     do not disturb    sign

we stay here for about     on agoda .com . the bed be big and very comfortable . the location be exceptional . it be an easy walk to the metro or a tram . cable tv only have   or   english channels . i do n't use the internet , but it appear that it be n't very accessible in the room . i will definitely stay here again , but probably not on business

the room be great , worth every discount penny we get   it 's probably not the greatest since the curtain of the glass bathroom be rather tear up when we be there , the wall be rather thin and we can hear water pipe flow from room next door , but it 's not pricey , and not that far to tram and mtr . the room we have be quite spacious for hk standard , and more importantly clean and quite comfortable . downstairs , they have wellness supermarket , so it 's really easy to grab something . the street also full of small shop and restaurant

get the rooms for a good price online , consider how expensive accommodation be in hong kong . since it occupies a few floor in a building as oppose to the whole building be a hotel , it might be quite hard to spot it among the various signboard stick out of every corner but have the exact address do help

this hotel be a great find ! we stay in hong kong for   night in september and so many of the hotel we look at seem quite expensive but jj hotel be extremely reasonable Â £   for a double room for   night so we decide to go for it ! the hotel be in a very good location on hong kong island , about   walk from wanchai mtr station . there be a supermarket right outside the hotel , and a few   eleven along the road , as well as restaurant and bakeries . there be tram stop and bus stop just minutes down the road too . the hotel be on a busy road but we do n't hear any noise throughout our stay . check in be very quick and hassle free and we be very happy with our room . the room be spacious , very clean and comfortable . the bed be also very big although only   pillow each which be find with us but may be a problem for some . there be a wardrobe with a a safe , tea coffee make facility , a fridge , tv and dvd player , free bottle of water and complementary bathroom amenities shower gel , showercap etc . worth mention as well be that the wall of the bathroom be glass but there be blind which you can pull down if you like

on enter our room on the   floor we be overwhelm with the smell of dampness . we soon discover that the carpet be all wet . on exit our room to explore hong kong , we find that the whole floor smell of mildew we initally have n't notice it , thus we do n't bother ask to change rooms , because it seem the whole place have a water problem . we try to keep the windows open during the day to air out the room , but they be always close by housekeeping . even the bed pillow , sheet etc feel slightly damp , which make it uncomfortable to sleep on , and there be mould through out the glass bathroom which just add to our negative feeling for the hotel

yes , jj hotel be indeed a nice and affordable price   quality hotel at a good location close to the tramway and on walk distance to all sort of shop . however , it be a small business hotel n Ã ² t specifically use to deal with small child   eg . no baby cot available , tuck away in an appartment building , on the   floor very small elevator   not for claustrophobics no fancy lobby but nice modern and quiet rooms with all amenities . nice soft mattress and beautiful bathroom

we arrive in hong kong at about   and the room be n't ready but the hotel take our suitcase and say the room would be ready at  

i stay in jj for   night . locate in walk distance from mtr wang chai line . room be quite small but they be comfortable equiped . the hotel be locate in   floor of the lucky centre building . in   floor be locate restaurant which be ok if you do not want to go out for dinner . the staff be very helpfull with organize all my activity there . if i be in hong kong again i will definitely stay there again

spend a week in the jj     get great internet deal . best location possible in hk in my opinion . only a star ferry ride away from tourist mecca but zero hassle from tout ! wanchai be in 'the thick of the action ' ! plenty to do , loads of local eatery and drink joints . we eat for peanuts every night elbow to elbow with local so you know you be eat well and for good value . just walk out the door of jj and up any side street and you 'll find plenty of great authentic eat spots . pub be plentiful as well . the jj rooms be very nice   huge bed   footer ! very plush and comfortable . spotless room and bathroom . the bathroom all glass be a bit of fun and very private if you close the blind     . the shower be double size and very powerful and again spotlessly clean every day . flat screen tv , free strong wireless internet in the room . no extra but you just walk outside the door of the hotel for food and drink in fact you can get food in the building there be a restaurant in the complex . the jj be like   floor of a tall building   you never see reception except when you check in and check out ! it make for a very independent stay   we love it all . we take the cheap airport bus not shuttle from the airport for a few dollar   the guy on the bus counter at the airport know the stop and tell where to get off and it be only   min walk . we use the in town checkin and high speed train for return to the airport and it be brilliant   highly recommend do that on the return leg . all in all well recommend for value and location   we totally love it . photo as on the site     rooms look exactly as on their site

stay in june for a couple of night during a hong kong stopover

we stay at jj for   days and   night and it be great ! the room be crisp clean with new furnitures . hotel staff be friendly , accommodate and helpful . they 're complete with everything you need to make your stay comfortable . the bed be big for a queen size , can fit   people comfortably . they even make a pseudo vanity table with the wooden platform beside the side table with a mirror behind it . = i have to admit that i be concern about the bathroom have glass wall , but turn out , they have pull down cover for that , but you can easily hear everything happen inside . the toiletry , tea and complimentary water be replenish daily and they even provide your own water heater and cup

we get a nice room for just   hkd per day   which have a king size bed and lcd tv . it 's really a great deal give it 's annual sale peak season for hk

pleasant hotel in the wanchai district of hong kong . walk distance to train , harbour , restaurant , night life

we stay at jj hotel for three night   get a special promotion   euro pppn ! and it be great . helpful and polite staff , very spacious clean rooms , nice design , all special extra that you expect from a four star hotel except breakfast , but that be no problem   make our stay in hk perfect

this be a no frill hotel have hair dryer but no hair conditioner . it be one of cheapest we find with decent reviews . the check in area be on the   floor and there be no lobby . there be restaurant in the same building , but not part of the hotel . it be close the subway , about   minute walk and there be never a lack of taxis . stay here offer a much more a local feel , as it be not touristy like tsim sa tsui . the only bad thing about my stay be that the room have a mildew smell , which be why i rate it poor . however , the friend i be travel with , stay in a different room , have no smell in their room . because i be stay there for   night and the hotel didn â € ™ t have any other room available for that long , they weren â € ™ t able to switch rooms

as most of the other review have suggest , there be quite possibly no better value in hong kong then the jj hotel . in a city with tremendous amount of things to do the only things my girlfriend and i be look for be a clean hotel room locate in a reasonably good area well,i am happy to report that we receive that and more ! the hotel rooms be much more spacious then i have expect , extremely modern , and come with amenities such as free wi fi , bath robe slippers , and your basic toiletry which some other hotel would make you pay for . unless you 're look to stay at the peninsula or a hotel of this kind , stay in place other then the jj be a disservice to not only you but your wallet as well ! go out and get a custom make suit with the money you have save

just get back from hong kong and a   night stay at the jj hotel . for   hkd a night   , it be as good as you get in hong kong . fair size room , good location , very clean rooms , new hotel . walk distance from all the shopping malls . i have travel around asia a bit and stay in a few really nice hotel find on traveladvisor . however , this be my first review , coz in my opinion this be best value for you money

seem too good to be true .   usd a day get you a modern , fair sized room by hk standard in a great location , a short walk from the wan chai mtr station . it be a bit confusing trying to find it for the first time , but once you know where it be it 's easy to find after that . take a taxi the first time then you 'll be fine . the free wireless internet be the fastest i have ever use from a hotel . there be a small grocery store below the hotel , i 'd recommend take advantage of it because my minibar be empty . staff be helpful but do n't need them much . dvd player in every room and lots of dvd to borrow , and provide a complimentary copy of china daily

save your money for the attraction in hong kong . jj hotel offer a comfortable room at about a third of the price of larger hotels . it 's a quick walk to nightlife in wan chai , the star ferry that take you to kowloon , and a quick walk to the mtr station . book your room [    ] to get a good deal . be sure to try their hot pot at megan 's kitchen

we spend   night at jj hotel just last week . since we be   adult on a holiday with   kid age         twins , we be nervous about the hotel . however , the staff be most oblige and friendly and the rooms be be scrupulously clean

hotel location be not very appropriate if shopping be the main agenda . need to get familiar with the landmark of the location due to multiple street lead to the area around the hotel . i get in a cab and ask him to drop me at the hotel from the convention center but i realize i be drop at the same location after charge me   dollars . the hotel inside be good very helpful . except they charge you something in advance and if you wish to pay by card they again charge you when you finally check out . so it be better to ask them to pay not just lock the amount from the card as the money do not get refund easily from the lock amount as advance . just pay by cash that 's the best thing and if you wish to pay by card tell them to charge and not lock the amount . it take me three month to get the refund of the amount which be lock but while check out i be charge for the whole stay once again and in the process end up pay twice and take three month to get the first part i paid . chinese people still believe in cash not cards so you be better off pay in cash to save you all the problem after the trip . however i should not forget to mention the staff who be very very friendly and helpful always with a

we find this hotel base on the review of tripadvisor . the review be excellent and right on the target . we have be to hk many times and stay at other hotel with higher rates . compare to those we have stay , this one be by far the best value one can get in hk . it 's location , size and staff be great . even the rooms be pack in   floor , our room be surprisingly quiet . it be a short cab ride from hk station for airport express and one block away from cable car . this hotel have become our favorite and will stay again if we ever return . we only wish we have find it earlier

we love the jj   central location , nice decor , clean , and at an excellent price   ! staff speak good english and be helpful e .g . , help us find the address of a restaurant that we only know the name and neighbourhood of . not far from metro , tram or wan chai ferry pier . lots of food in the area    we enjoy breakfast at the honolulu cafe near the metro station . would definitely stay here again . the glass bathroom be entertaining , too

excellent jj ! efficient reception staff . great location , modern , stylish , big enough for   room standard   comfortable for a traveller who be look for a little design boutique hotel experience . nice open view to the hill from the   floor smoking . all the services one can want and imagine incl . i one internet place within a short walk . it ai n't peninsula for sure but for the price pay under â ‚ ¬   per night it 's in a league of it 's own in hk

if your look for a   star room only w o amenities pool , bars , grand lobby with affordable price , jj be the answer , book be cheaper thru asiatravel com than official website , we stay there for   night , room be larger than std room of other hotel , king bed can accomodated   person , very clean bathroom , spotless , tv have   channels only , it 's location be not actually hard to find but the location map in the official website make it more complicated . best route be take an mtr go to wan chai station at exit at   once you exit at   you be already at johnston road not hennesy roads as state in website location map , just cross the street , you will see wing lung bank , turn leave then after   meter you will reach an intersection of johnston and wan chai road , just walk straight follow the   shop do not follow the railroad track , after pass   about   meter you will see another   store and cafe de coral at the corner , just walk straight the about   meter again you will see welcome store beside be already jj hotel , if you will take a taxi just tell the taxi charter house hotel , charter house be also locate on the same street same side ,   min walk to jj , the only downside of this hotel be that they do n't have a heater on the air condition and they not have a

jj hotel be situate in the middle of wang chai road . it be on the   ,   and   floor of a building which contain office and a few restaurants . there really isnt a lobby as such but once you get into your room , it be roomy and extremely clean , flat screen tv     dvd player , modern bathroom and shower but it be all glass and so you have to know your partner well   o have say this you can pull the blind down on all sides . only   minutes from the station . the train service be clean , fast and efficient . our find be the irish pub     delaneys    on luard street which serve great food and happy hour from   noon to   as we have be travel alot in asia , this be a welcome change from rice with every meal . ideal for a short stay and sight see

one of those compact hong kong experience   a hand full of rooms shove inside two floor of a tall building container . jj be very affordable , clean , and   service be good with a small dvd library , free wireless , and a cushy bed   amenities perfect for a short business trip . location be excellent     minute walk to wanchai subway and a   minute walk to causeway bay shopping . book the biggest suite if you can . we have one incident with the     touchy    fire alarm but still one of our best hk find

a bit difficult to find , hotel reception locate on   floor . great value book via asiatravel com , at   hkd per night . no frill boutique design hotel , rooms be clean , large comfy king size bed with see thru glass bathroom , although one can draw down the blind for privacy . rooms also start to show its age a little . lcd tv and dvd player witha library of film to choose from at reception free of charge , electronic safe , ample bathroom amenities and complimentary bottled water , no breakfast include but try cafe de coral   minutes walk away , other convenience store such as   be nearby . walk distance to wanchai nighlife and mtr take   miutes , shopping in causeway bay   minutes . this hotel be thoroughly recommend for traveller on a budget

the jj hotel be the best possible scenario when travel to hong kong

i book a room for two this last chinese new year for only   a night . even with the map of the hotel i get from the web , the taxi driver could n't find the place . we pass the hotel without notice it . cafe de coral and wellcome supermarket be better landmark

jj be a little small but then again , its hong kong what do you expect , however   it be still above average  

we stay three night last sunday in a superior room   very roomy by hong kong standard , and quiet   i be a light sleeper ! good value as we get a good rate from www .asiatravel .com . very good location for transport bus , tram ,   min to wan chai mtr , eat would recommend charlie 's place no msg , landale street   turn leave on exit hotel and past wan chai mtr , follow the tram line two stop from hotel , shopping loads of outlet , if look for designer bargain . very safe area even walk around at night . it be a modern hotel , with modern facilties , but do n't expect a large lobby as it be actually on the   floor of a building call lucky centre with   hour security , that be why taxi driver be not familiar with it   they confuse it with the chaterhouse hotel on the same road , which have a lobby from the street . compare to other hotel i have stay at for this price in hong kong , this be the most clean , comfortable , and roomiest . the glass wall of the ensuite bathroom be novel , we just draw one side of the blind face the bed and it be no hassle , and act like a room divider . our check out at   for our flight home , be do very quickly by a very efficient and cheerful receptionist . would definitely stay again

let see why i say so  

we be look for a modern hotel with a good location to stay at in hk whilst also work to a budget of Â £   per night . the plus point   really good location . it 's   minutes walk away from times square , a large shopping complex with some really good restaurant on floor   and above . its also   minutes walk away from causeway bay which be the major modern shopping district in hk other then tsim tsa tsui . the hotel be also close to the tram station aswell as the wan chai mtr station . there be even street stalls of the food variety nearby which open in the evenings . on the downside the wall be thin and it can feel noisy if you be a light sleeper particularly if your room be in front of the lift . have to draw the blind when use the bathroom be also an annoyance . of a more minor issue be have to wait a couple of minutes for warm water to come through the showers . i 'd avoid this hotel if you be a light sleeper . it 's probably more suit to single traveller look for a great location . if you be stay here make sure you have the hotel 's tel number as none of the taxi driver have hear of this hotel as it 's a very small hotel

jj hotel be locate in wan chai close to henessy road tram and   min walk to the nearest mtr station . hence , it be easy to get to the different shopping and entertainment area of hk . the rooms be very modern , clean and nicely fit out . the staff be helpful and the room rates be reasonable . i get a great discount through the ratestogo web site . just make sure to ask for a room away from the foyer and elevators . as i arrive late , i be give such a room and hear everyone walk past on the tile floor to get the elevators . next morning , i request a room change . the manager be very accommodate and i be relocate to a nice quiet room at the back

we stay at a deluxe room for   nights . the room be small but the king size bed be huge and comfortable . i walk by a premier room while it be be clean , it be a lot bigger if you do n't mind spending extra money

the area itself be not wonderful at night , but not so intimate that it put me off get out of an evening as a solo traveller ! ! ! any little issue be dealt with immediately and very efficiently

we stay at the jj for   night and we could not fault our stay . we book through a travel asia website and get a discount rate , upon arrival we be upgrade to a premium room so we get great value for money . the rooms be clean , bright and regularly cleaned . the staff be friendly and helpful and the location be good only a   minute walk to the mtr with lots to do around the area . we would definately recommend this hotel and would stay here

we book   rooms and stay at jj hotel for   night and be really happy with the quality and size of the rooms . for people who do n't want to stay in a hostel , but do n't have a budget for the intercon or shangri la , the jj hotel be a suitable compromise . location wise , it be great    just   minutes walk to the wan chai mtr station ,   minute walk the bars of lockhart road and about   minutes to causeway bay

i stay   night at the jj in november , mostly base on the review from others . and i be n't disappointed . i have stay previously in hk at the mandarin oriental   which be huge and great and all   but very expensive thanks work !

this hotel be excellent for the money . the room be modern and very comfortable . it be in a very good location close to downtown and the subway system

stay in jj over the weekend and it be fantastic ! rooms be clean and relatively huge hk standard . staff be friendly too . highly recommend

just spend two night here on a little hk break . i book the double standard room with window see pic and even though i 'd already read all the good review , i be still pleasantly surprise when i get there

my wife and i read the review in tripadvisor and decide to go for jj hotel . we do not want to stay in a very expensive hotel because , after all , we just need a place to sleep , shower , and leave our shopping bag in . we know that we would be out most of the time as be always the case when we visit hk , and spending on an expensive hotel room would be such a waste

we stay   night at this motel on a recent trip to hong kong . overall we be quite please with our stay . the rooms be very clean , with a great shower and very comfy bed . nice view of the mountain as well

i stay in jj hotel with my mom and my sister , and we get this deluxe room for only   because the cheaper room which we book be apparently unavailable by the time we check in , anyway the room have this huge bed where the three of us can sleep on very comfortably , and also the size of the room be big enough and we can put our luggage and other stuff around without bother our movement and the hotel be quite close to the mtr station about   minutes walk , and the tram be locate just one block away so if u want to go around the hongkong island it 's quite easy , also if ur look fo halal food as it be so hard to find in hongkong , there be   halal food restaurant nearby so if ure look for a nice hotel with good price and good location , jj hotel be

execellent hotel , nice and friendly staff , clean room . best for single and couple

i would highly recommend jj . the rooms be small but perfectly functional with clean and modern fittings . the bed be comfortable and bathroom very clean

for the price you pay , jj hotel be more than adequate . all i ask for be a clean room with modern bathroom and this surpass my expectation   complete with flat screen tv , dvd player and a surprisingly good selection of movie available for rental at   for two . the only downside to the bathroom as others have note be the glass door and screen   a bit of a pain but in no way a deal breaker . the staff be polite , with good english and quite knowledgeable about the city when it come to good shopping location   i have live in hk for   years and hear some rather good advice be give out to other tourist

the hotel be in a great location , surround by thousand of chinese eat place , pacific coffee , sakae sushi and kfc . it be about   min form mtr station . room be new , clean , quiet and space use efficiently . free internet connection be fast . the bed be very comfortable , not hard as expect in asia . bathroom have glass wall , but after drawing the blind it be absolutely private

if you require internet connection for business purpose , i strongly recommend you forego this hotel . the complimentary wireless internet connection be patchy at best and often unavailable . it take me an hour to try to get connection in the morning just to send one email . i end up have to do most of by business over the phone

i stay at the jj hotel for   night in may   it be in a great location , as many people state only   minutes or   block from the wanchai station . find the hotel be n't tooo bad but you need to know what to look for . i toook the airport express and then the   bus from airport express central station . get off the bus at the novotel century hotel and then walk down stewart road , towards henessey road . basically keep walk straight ahead i .e . a block and a half , until you get to the johnston and henessey intersection   then take the   little join street mallory road   this be only   and the lucky centre be right in front of you . google map make it pretty clear . the hotel reception be on the   floor . my flight be late arrival into hk but staff be still around only one person at night , so not be worry if no one there first up ! the room be great , but the bed be very very hard ! !   get use to it though . it be just me so the glass bathroom be not a big deal . its spacious enough i think , have a desk , dvd player and tv . the reception staff be friendly enough and quite accomodating . the best thing about it be the free wifi i be there on bussiness so really need it , other hotel charge relatively large amount for this ! i do n't rate the food room service on offer and do n't find there be great place to eat in the immediate vicinity but   away no problem . all in all,the location and price be great . i be there for a conference in the hk convention centre which be only   by foot away . also very easy to take the airport express and then walk to the hotel . will definetly stay there again if on bussiness . if for a holiday   not a bad option for hk island as easily get anywhere

be quite happy with jj hotel . stay their with a friend , and be just look for a place to stay for our last night in hong kong . the lucky centre be not a huge landmark in wanchai , so your taxi driver might not know exactly how to get there . also , it be a 'centre ' , so there be n't a lobby or reception on the ground floor , just a security guard conceirge who be n't that helpful have to pull our own suitcase . the hotel only take certain level of the building . room   every thing be really new , but the room be quite small have a queen size bed , and it take up the majority of the room . the bathroom be more of a space next to the bed which be surround by glass . you need to pull the blind down everytime you need to use the toilet which be annoy   plus you should be quite comfortable with your room mate as you can hear everything ! there be free wireless which be quite handy , and a small flat screen tv and dvd player

we just complete a   night stay at jj 's hotel in hong kong

good hotel in a good location . good rates through www asiatravel com

we stay here for   nights . clean rooms , but not too big i think it be normal for hong kong . walk distance from the subway whan chai station . book through asiatravel com ,     per night , breakfast not

i stay in jj hotel for   night early march   i book thru asiatravel .com . i stay in the superior room no window on   floor

we stay at the jj on two occasion and have a good experience the rooms be small but clean and comparatively speak the average size room for hong kong . the staff be not exactly helpful but they be perfectly nice , one just have to ask for their help if you know what i mean , the hotel be locate on floor       and the reception be on   so that mean on some days you do not meet the staff , if you be not in need this be a good thing . the jj be in a very central location between causewaybay and admirality central the neighborhood be safe and friendly . overall i think it be a great value and it provide everything we need , wifi , a clean room and a big bed . beware , most of the hotel in hong kong be freeze cold , the jj be not an exception , in the summer this be ok in the winter it be not , heat be not a standard in the summer but a c be ! as the other reviewer i would recommend the jj and for sure stay there again

this be my first trip to hk and after several days of research i settle for the jj hotel . it be in my price range and since i could n't find any negative review i decide to go with them . i book a deluxe room thru asiatravel com and their rates be much lower than jj 's publish rate

this be my   stay in hong kong and my first on the island itself . i usually stay at the ymca salisbury on kowloon side

we stay   days and enjoy very much . at   eur night great value for brand new and clean although small room for such excellent location   mtr , mcdonald 's ,   and shop   meter away

