i go to hong kong on july   and i stay at the jw marriot hotel and that place be awesome,they hade a swim pool and a hot

excellent hotel with great view across the

stay here for   week and have breakfast buffet include in the rate otherwise it would be very expensive for   adult and   child to eat breakfast every day . the breakfast buffet be fantastic and have everything you could want . gym be well equip with your own earphones towels and flavour water or bottled water . sauna be in the change rooms . nice restaurant at bottom of hotel which lead straight into the shopping centre and the mtr so no need to go outside ! we have a reasonably spacious room hong kong standard with   double bed and a corner view of the harbour . the bedroom with   double bed be compact with just enough room to walk round the bed . this be mainly a business hotel judge from the lack of family and child at breakfast

my stay in hk with jw marriott     awesome hotel and rooms have fantastic sea view   

please do n't let the marriott name fool you   this be a first rate luxury hotel in every respect . the staff be outstanding , and the rooms be clean and modern . the location be perfect , sit both right above the best shopping in hong kong , and close to the office buildings . it 's a   minute walk to the bank of china building , a   minute walk ot causeway bay , and a short taxi ride to the kowloon ferry with the subway to kowloon right below the hotel

the corner room have a large flat screen tv , a nice view outside include the pool , a large desk complete with tape , stapler , sticky note , wire internet . i travel about half the week of the year , and this be the most useful room from a business standpoint that i have had . the internet be n't free , but it do work well . the phone be even set up with my name on the display when i check in   a nice touch . the large flat screen tv even tempt me to rend a movie   and the selection be good , and the picture and sound excellent . this be unusual for me   i usually do n't even turn the tv on in a hotel room

i stay in this hotel for   night on business in october . i have a very nice , spacious corner room regular   not a club room and this be spotless with a large lcd tv   dvd player . large comfy bed . nicely locate hotel very convenient for the metro and only   min walk from wan chai , or the peak tram

we go there to watch the firework on the   anniversary of the prc . the service as always be good . the food be excellent . the pool hide from the busy area of town be a good relief and fun for my son . the hotel have always have good service . the room be small but fine . the executive dine area be well do and have a good view

friendly helpful staff , breakfast a bit daunting , so much to choose from

the marriott be well locate in pacific place , and the rooms , though small , have recently be renovated . my only complaint be the internet charges . i receive seven charge for three days on my bill . while this be correct , i probably would not stay here again if they continue to charge for internet access

our room be magnificent ! we have plenty of space and well appoint bathroom . the staff be courteous and meet all of our needs . with the exception of our     in room    movie not work properly , we have no problems . this be our fourth trip to hk and this hotel rank best . the location the admiralty mtr station and the pacific place mall be amazing . we have access to several breakfast and lunch place and everything else we could access by public transport . we use the laundry service for some dry cleaning and everything come back in perfect condition . the bed be comfortable and the fresh fruit that be place in our room each afternoon be a great perk

i be schedule to have surgery at matilda hospital on the peak and need to come over a day early . i decide to stay at the marriott due to it 's desirable location for this trip . and the location be awesome . this be the best spot in hk so far . it 's attach to pacific place , which have a wonderful food shop in the basement of siebu . i be able to pop down there and get a great dinner . i love the decor . it be all in warm , sunny gold and rust . in fact , it be like i have decorate it to my own taste ! the bathroom be nice , not as big or sumptuous as some marriott 's , but space be at a premium in these locations . the room be very well stock and very comfortable . they even have a drawer fill with paper clip , tape , sticky notes    very cool . bed be super comfy . much softer than many other asian beds . i sleep great . over all , this be one of my better hotel experiences . marriott seldom disappoints

we just stay at the jw hong kong , for   night on our way to thailand . the hotel be among the best of the jw property the jw in phuket have a long way to go to match this place . we be assign a corner suite with a view of the harbor . the bed be a bit hard , the bathroom a bit on the smaller side , for a jw property , but the staff could not have be nicer . free wifi in the lobby and conceirge lounge be a plus , especially if you use an iphone to phone home via skype

the hotel be in a convienent location if you plan to use the subway system which be very easy to navigate in hong kong . it be a large hotel that seem to cater to a business clientel . the executive lounge be very nice and worth the extra expense breakfast , snack , drink , computer usage , etc . . the bed be very firm . the room be well appointed , but very small . the corner rooms be great , due to all of the windows . the gym be nice . the pool be not crowd and a nice mid day retreat from sightseeing . the staff be very helpful

i spend   night here , and as a platinum marriott member , they really take good care of you . the hotel be in a great location in hk , with direct access to the admiralty mtr station . you can literally be anywhere in the city in   minutes from that station . the view be n't the greatest from the hotel i also stay at the renaissance harbour for a few night and the view there be much better . this be a much nicer hotel , however . it fit in well with the jw brand and really the only way to go to a higher class of hotel in hk be to pay much more at a four season or pennisula type hotel . not worth it , in my opinion . great access to local attraction , free wifi in the lobby , recently renovate rooms , etc . i spend   night a year at marriotts , and this be among the best of them out there . on par or better thanlondon county hall and paris marriott , etc

nice service , clean room , i love the automatic curtain in our room and the nice staff  

the best thing about jw marriott be its location . with its basement access to the admiralty mtr station you get direct connection to the central mtr which connects you to lantau island and most of the other mtr line on the west and the causeway bay mtr where all the great shopping lie on the east . plus , it be at a walk distance   minute leisurely walk through the hong kong park from the peak tram base terminal that take you to the top of the not to be missed peak . the hotel be also attach to the very posh pacific place mall which get you top end designer label , restaurant , a cinema theatre and even pharmacy

i stay in this hotel with a few friend during my stay here . we share a room for two night with two double beds . we love the room , comfy bed , big bathroom , full amenities , large windows with amazing view , large tv . the room be kinda small for   ppl , but give that it be hong kong and every square footage be precious , we have no complains . the bathroom be luxurious with tub and shower stall , you can also listen to the tv from the bathroom . it be also locate conveniently near a large shopping mall and access to the mtr . great for shopping and meeting up with friends . i hear the high afternoon tea at this hotel be popular and excellent , but do n't have time to try it out . i will definitely recommend it to others , and will stay again next time

this be the only place i know in asia where you be be charge for internet use , at an incredibly high price , all of this for the slowest connection i have ever experience anywhere in the world

i recently stay here with my friend and there be nothing we could fault

my second time to stay at this hotel . this time , i reserve the room with hotel directly and be able to get a great deal   night stay for the price of   . i ask for a bigger room with nice view at checked in , the receptionist be able to find a beautiful corner room on high floor for me

i really rate this hotel as it be a perfect location for our first visit to hong kong , and the facility be ideal for our party

  great chinese spread for

zi be a marriott platinum member . i have stay here twice recently . at the moment they be     √ º pgrading    their executive lounge , this seem to have be go on for at least a month and will be continue for at least another month . during this time there be no facility for executive guest , nowhere to sit and read a newspaper and make a cup of coffee or have a cool drink . nothing . all they do be let you have breakfast in the cafe although they try to charge me for it last time and drink after   pm in a different restaurant . they clearly do n't care about their platinum and gold member , they have take away their facility without provide a temporary alternative . it be a disgrace . i will tryy the westin or hilton next time , i be sure they look after their guest better

we stay in the jw for   night and this be an absolute gem . talk about new luxury , this be it . the hotel itself be locate in a prime area of hong kong and we get rooms overlook the harbour . the rooms be nice and big and the washroom be very huge . turn on mtv asia on the large flat screen tv and head in to take a shower . there be speaker in the washroom that be connect to the tv so you can listen to music

we have   days in hong kong w our   child   before venture onto thailand

such be my loyalty to the jw marriott in hong kong and despite my last review   i decide to give it another shot . what can i say   the staff be still good , the location great and overall the rooms nice . but , when be these renovation go to stop

this hotel be in the middle of four season and the excelsior . i mean this in almost every way . it be in the middle location wise . it be in the middle cost wise . and it be in the middle luxury comfort wise

well locate hotel just outside central , and connect to plush pacific place mall with the usual assortment of designer shop and high end boutique , plus restaurant and cinemas . rooms about   sq m , one of few hotel that have   double bed and allow   guest most hotel in hk only allow   guest max and most only have   single beds . attractive rooms , lcd screen , hard bed with too soft pillow but firm one on request , nice view most rooms have some harbour view , and pool view , nice smallish pool , ok but expensive buffet dinner   + , nice bar area with average service . they currently have 'stay   nites , pay   ' and weekly internet rate , but still expensive ! would stay again and would rate as one of better value if one can say that !   star hotel in hk

chosing a hotel in hong kong can be tricky , so we opt for the     jaydubyah    base on the advice of a local . we be not disappointed    although the rooms be not massive , the quality of the food , service and environment be excellent . three point stick out for us     the fabulous pool , with a lovely little cafe   restaurant , just what you need after a sweaty day in the city     the view across the harbour , especially at night     the convenience for shop and good restaurants . will definitely return . next time , however , i hope the management will have eject the wretched marriott time share   vacation rental sales person who trail us around the lobby at check in

this be our second stay at the jw . the service be really excellent . we call several times to ask for various item and they be deliver right away . in many us hotel , this be hit or miss . my wife mention to the clerk at the health club that she be n't feeling well , and they offer to arrange for a doctor to come to the hotel . the concierge desk be also very helpful

while the grand hyatt continue to be my preferred hong kong hotel , the marriott come in a very close second

one of the great hotel to stay while in hong kong . staff be very freindly and room be really excellent

we arrive just in time to enjoy a tremendous buffet dinner for my daughter 's   birthday . the rooms be small but perfect and we manage to find enough space for the four of us and our   piece of luggage in the two room suite ! the bed be heavenly with soft fluffy feather pillow and great feather duvees . the mini bar have the best selection and service acutrements . the bathroom be everything we could need , clean and pleasingly designed . the staff at the hotel be superbly professional . the view be tremendous of the harbor with so much activity all around . one of the best parts of this hotel be that you take the elevator down to enter the best shopping mall in hong kong ! the intercontinental hotel anchor the other end of the mall , and it be huge with three levels . one complication be that i lose my   year old son who have down 's syndrome and autism and do n't speak for     hours in the shopping mall ! he have walk continue to walk around a hallway and wander around , go into a bathroom and then follow a glass tunnel many floor overhead across a freeway and into another highrise into another shopping mall . the front desk manager of the jw marriot immediately come to my rescue as i be almost mortify with shock , and she manage a search party of about   security guard in our mall and another dozen in the next mall over and he be finally find when he happen to pick up his favorite video from a store and set off the alarm as he walk out . the guard be all so extremely helpful and kind and everyone be happy to reunite mother and son . needle to say , i be thankful for their tremendous professionalism and ca n't say enough good for the manager that help me from the jw marriot ! we love our stay there and sleep wonderfully each night

the service at the jw marriott be outstanding . the staff be eager to please and go out of their way to make certain we enjoy our stay

we have great trip with with their excellence service and nice offer by jw marriott hk . i have be travel to hk for few times and the money that i pay for other smaller hotel room be seem lesser value when we stay here . first of all , it 's a totally perfect location in term of convenience specially for us who take public transport . everyday they will replace the fruit on table twice a day which keep us healthy .   although there be a renovation on go but it not affect us at all even we be late ppl in the morning . be fair to them that have inform us way ahead . personally like most be the     thank you    card on the last day of stay after   with them , just simply make us feel be take care by them totally

a very efficient hotel   all amenties on hand but quite

perfectly locate in the upmarket district of admiralty , and attach to the beautiful pacific place mall , the marriott be one of   hotel in this complex . it allow direct access to the mall and from there direct access to the metro   connect with the rest of hk . the hotel rooms be beautifully appointed . clean , comfortable and well decorated . the bathroom be luxurious , and the rooms have huge picture windows on two side , allow a view of either the harbour , the hillside or the city , depend on which category you book . the service be impeccable with rooms be service and fruit be replenish twice a day . the breakfast be excellent and the hotel be very well priced . we be lucky to get a good deal which include some food credits . we will definitely stay there again

we stay in an executive suite after get a favourable rate for book in advance and it be well worth the money ! the room be gorgeous on one of the top floor with beautiful panaromic view of the city . the room itself be spacious with two double bed , and a large bathroom with seperate bath and walk in shower . everything in the room light curtain etc . can be do at the touch of a button . we be provide with free mineral water in our room daily along with tea coffee etc . and a free fruit basket on arrival . the executive lounge itself be spectacular . it be a two story lounge , consist of plush furniture , stunning view and free wifi . it include breakfast , snack through out the day , afternoon tea , appertifs in the evening and chocolate and dessert in the evening with a selection of drink available free of charge from   to midnight . this be a lovely touch

what a great choice ! ! i do tons of research before book this hotel , we want a nice , clean modern room and hotel that ‚ Ä ô s what we get with the jw . we stay here on a recent trip to asia , this hotel be the perfect location for us , it be very centrally locate and we like the newly renovate rooms . the hotel be quite large and have a nice pool and gym it be too cool to enjoy the pool while we be there but in the summer i think it would be great

stay for a week   our first ever time in asia . stay a mix of marriott point and   night deal from hotel . this include champagne , chocolate , a meal in the fish bar retsuarant and   breakfasts . upon check out they try to charge us for the champagne and chocolate and the full amount of the bill for dinner rather than just the wine   so take care and check your bill carefully ! both item be remove fairly painlessly . we be upgrade to the executive floor   not a renovate room but ok nevertheless . very clean but i agree with previous review that it be on the small size . excellent bathroom though with superb shower and sperate bath and plenty of storage . have access to executive lounge which save us a fortune ! breakfast in here be superb   but the real treat be in the evening   a full selection of wine spirits and soft drink , and some real high class hot and cold food offerings . with the price of eat out in hong kong i 'd recommend upgrade to this floor if you can . overall , a really enjoyable experience   but   previous review be right about the renovation noise   it be from           every day except sunday and do begin to grate you after a while . if you spend a lot of time in your room we do n't i 'd maybe choose somewhere else until the renovation be finished . oh   and if you 're there on a sunday try the champagne brunch . expensive but we polish off loads of piper heidsieck and the food be excellent

this be a nice property that be centrally located . staff be excellent throughout . service be top notch . i be in a newly renovate room and it be perfetc for the business traveller . workspace be great , plenty of power point and a roomy desk . there be renovation go on , so noise from above be very loud during the day   to   . this be n't a problem except on the first day when you want to catch a snooze after a long flight in . earplug from the flight work a charm so bring them with you . other than that , its a great hotel . the noodle bar at lunch be great value , very practical and delicious

the jw marriott be locate in pacific place , provide quick access to the mtr and elegant shop in the adjoin shopping mall . i have stay in this hotel numerous times over the last   years . the service level to client have     declined    . depend who be work behind the check in counter  your chance of get the room of choice be purely pot luck . as much business as i have provide and bring colleague along , i receive very spotty treatment . though i have often request the executive floor for the convenience of a place to hold business meeting , i be often deny even though i willingly accept the smallest room with a single double bed . in the   's , i be often welcome back each visit by a professional receptionist . during my last visit , i be actually tell that i be not one of their value guest he fail to notice that i have stay there at least   night every other month as of  

when inform that the hotel be under renovation , it never occur to me that that would mean sound as if a   be landing in the next room from about       in the morning through the afternoon . i suppose if you be out all day , it might be alright  but what be i say ! we have to use of rooms for daytime work and it be indescribable . as to the rooms themselves , elsewhere you will read how small they are . the thing be they might be of adequate size in any other city in the world but by asian standard they be minute . and most enfuriating be that the neighbor conrad and island shangrila come in at virtually the same price for infinitely larger rooms . also , can someone explain to me what anyone need tqo queen size bed in a majority of rooms ? there be no king size bed available so again you have this huge piece of unused furniture clog up what little space there is . the hotel itself be a huge glitzy palace of a place  pure marriott bad taste from lobby on up . there be tons of place to eat  all pricey but good . the breakfast buffet come in about     but it be an incredible meal with asian , chinese , western , british elements . one bar have a high decibel band and singer play which precludes any kind of conversation and , mind blowingly close at midnight ! for a great international city with people come and go at all hours , this hotel just do n't match up . the people be perfectly nice , the service be fine but it just so totally miss the mark in style and room size that i 'd go elsewhere . unfortunately , my last stay in hong kong be at the four season and there 's just no comparison   except for the rates . never again

i stay at this marriott because i want the reward point and the location be close to my office . i be disappoint with my stay . the construction noise be unacceptably loud and it last beyond the hours the hotel says . worse yet , however , be the noise from the rooms . when my neighbor get up at       be to take a shower , it be so loud in my room it wake me up from a dead sleep . the rooms be very , very small even for asian standard and the wall be cracker thin . it be nearly impossible to get a restful sleep here and that be after all what a hotel should be focus on offering . i be not sure the non construction noise will ever change so i would advise chosing another option

the hotel be undergo very noisy rennovation and the staff seem completely unconcerned by the disturbance this cause to pay guest

i do a lot of research before i go to a new place . i want a clean , comfortable , high end hotel in a location that allow me to hit all the main attraction as expeditiously as possible . the marriott hong kong be excellent ! first off , it 's locate right in central hong kong , walk distance from the botanical garden , the victoria peak tram , the convention center , the star ferry terminal , and the shopping mall

nice hotel . rooms be the smallest i have see though in a hong kong hotel . stay at the grand hyatt last year and the rooms be much larger

overall , the jw marriott be in an excellent location to explore the city with its proximity to the metro and city layout it 's also connect to a fabulous shopping mall . the hotel be somewhat pricy , even by us standard , but i feel that it live up to the jw marriott name

i ‚ Ä ô m not sure that i get what all the rave be about here . as a lot people have point out , it ‚ Ä ô s pricy , and for the price , the amenities and service be just not up to scratch . for a basic room that list at upwards of   , i think that i could expect to find a bathroom devoid of trace of the previous occupant ‚ Ä ô s toothpaste in the sink or his use of the toilet . apology to the faint of heart , but i be refer to urine stain , float scrap of toilet paper and pubes . the gar √ ß on would ‚ Ä ô √ © tage who bring my welcome tea be back in a flash with a bucket , sponge and brush , but still i shouldn ‚ Ä ô t have have to ask . so my stay get off to a bad start and things haven ‚ Ä ô t improve much . i check in yesterday , and be still here

the location be good but the rooms be very average . the rooms be cramp with barely enough space to walk around . if you 're look to stay in a good location and need a small room to sleep , this be a good hotel . if you 're expect the amentities you have see at other jw marriott in north america or asia , you 'll be very disappoint , as we be

my experience with this hotel be good

this hotel have an excellent location as it be close to the mtr and financial center in hong kong . the hotel be very convenient and the facility be excellent . there be not a lot of variety in the restaurant so it be a good idea to eat out . the room be very convenient and have an excellent distribution . the only problem with the hotel be that the bed be tougher than a cement floor

glad we book into the jw marriott . from check in to departure , it be truly a superb   star experience . we stay there for   days with a break in between for a side trip to china . we be offer the same room . within minutes of both check ins , luggage be deliver to be follow by hot tea and fresh fruit , which we find very delightful and refreshing . these be the details that set a hotel apart from others

the hotel be what you would expect for the price . service be outstanding from the transport service at the airport to check in to any need that we had . the hotel be spotless . service at the bar in the lobby be good , but not up to the level that we see elsewhere . no complaint about the rooms at all   comfortable and clean . the remote control unit by the bed for the curtain be a nice touch as well

i stay   night at this hotel as part of a conference . location be convenient , right about train station and atached to a large , high end mall with a movie theater and restaurants . friendly staff , large lobby , elevator work efficiently , breakfast buffet be superb , and generally what i would expect from a j .w . marriott . pay about u .s .     per night , so perhaps not worth that much

this hotel be one of the best i have stay in . start with the design of the hotel itself , it be an amazing place and the location be fantastic , with the underground train directly beneath the hotel . the staff and check in area be fantastic , with always available and helpful staff . before i go on about this fantastic hotel , there be one bad thing only . the price be a bit steep . but , some may say it be worth it . the room i have be fantastic . it have a great view over hong kong harbour and kowloon , and over the mountains . the executive lounge be great and have an even better view . request a high floor room   its worth it . overall , a very good hotel in a great spot for explore hong kong , whether it be for business for pleasure

i love my stay at the j w marriott ! hong kong people be so nice in general but the staff at this hotel be the best ever

have just get back from   night at jw marriott hong kong with my wife . much of what have be say previously be true about this hotel ie courteous staff etc . but there be renovation work go on currently . this mean bang and drill from   to   every day . this can be hear from most floor and rooms talk to other guest . there be one day when the room toilet could n't flush . you have to fill them yourself or call room service for it to be fill from your tap . when i phone to complain i be advise that ' i have be in form of the problem '   this take the form of a note leave on your desk . if you be book in this hotel check if there be any work go on and if so do n't believe it if you be tell it be discrete try to move to a different hotel . there be some good point about this hotel but the renovation works take the shine off these . the conrad and shangri la hotel nearby look a better bet . without the building works . i would have rate this hotel   but i can not believe a hotel would stay open with the noise produce at hence the   rating

i have recently stay in three of five marriott property in hong kong . the jw marriott at pacific place , admiralty district , be by far the most elegant . it be correspondingly expensive . it be best suit for the well heeled buiness traveler , and its proximity to many of the financial service and banking institution in hong kong make it ideal for this type of customer

an upper floor have be request , but the desk clerk say it would be too noisy due to ‚ Ä ú renovation ‚ Ä ù , so we be assign to a mid level room . the ‚ Ä ú renovation ‚ Ä ù noise do start first thing in the morning and be hear in the room . street noise reach the room . pool noise be also easily hear in the room , even early morning and late evening . the door to the room seem to be a sound amplification device rather than sound deaden , as all hallway conversation be easily hear , word for word . have request a quiet location , we be give a room between two family with child who perhaps be play midnight soccer outside our door and need to be hear at the other end of the play field

i stay here on business and be really just co locating with my colleague rather than make a conscious choice of hotel but i have to say that the level of service here be top notch

this be my first visit to hong kong and the hotel experience be better than could be hope for

location be the major plus point for this hotel . this would have be my second time stay at the marriot . the bed be plush and comfy , no complain there

we stay at the marriott twice during our recent trip to hong kong and china . everything about the hotel be very good   the service be efficient , the atmosphere welcome , the food be delicious , and the location be most convenient   i would highly recommend pay extra for use of the excecutive lounge and take a bathe suit to have a swim in the outdoor pool . we also use the gym   which be well equip

for shopaholic , there 's big mall beneath   for eat lover , the hotel have gd food     beverage   for tourist , the mtr be downstairs   for businessman , it locates in the heart of business district

stay at jw this past chinese new year . this be indeed one of the luxury property in its market , though not necessarily world renown

i have a chance to stay six night at the jw marriott on a business trip . i bring my wife along . it be very luxurious . the room be somewhat smaller , but apparently standard for a hong kong hotel . the view be nice and the location be very central with easy access to the mtr . my wife use their spa and enjoy it very much . the most memorable thing for me be the breakfast buffet each morning at the marriott cafe . we opt to include it as a daily option when we booked . a bit more expensive , but it be worth it

have stay at the jw marriot for   night mid february   i have to give it a glorious review . the rooms be spacious , with amaizng large glass window panel surround more than   the room . the bed be great nice and mid firm and the bathroom have ample room

stay at hotel after a couple of days at hong kong disneyland as part of half term holiday . as a platinum marriott reward card holder , upgrade to executive club room on   floor which be pay for with points . rooms be on the small side , but otherwise very clean . housekeep be to a high standard . however , the rooms do not have the marriott revive mattress , but use the marriott bed linen . the bed be very hard and not a very comfortable sleep and it do n't get better after   night

it have be a few years since i stay at the jw marriott in hong kong . the office have move back into that part of town and return to the hotel be a real pleasure

a few days after new year i stay in the marriott

stay here for a three night stay over lunar new year . staff could not be more helpful . book hotel 's mercedes limo service from airport . really good driver and feel very safe and comfortable . we be stay on marriott reward , but have book an upgrade to the executive level . initially we be offer rooms on   floor not standard executive level . i ask them to look again and they quickly come up with rooms on the   floor , right next to the executive lounge and the lifts . no problem   no noise at all and very convenient , with great harbour view . we watch the victoria harbour new year 's firework from one of our rooms and have a fabulous view of this   minute extravaganza

we stay for one week to visit family and friends . with the plane arrival at   , we opt for an airport transfer through hotel concierge . it be well worth the money . with two young sleepy child in our arms , we be greet and drive to the hotel , then straight up to our room bypass the check in desk . it be a simple matter of get our credit card number and signature before we turn out the lights . breakfast at the hotel prove to be a bit of an ordeal with the kid run around , so subsequent morning we just pop down to pacific place for breakfast . we need an extra bathtowel one day and the response to the housekeep call be within minutes

love the hotel . i stay there use my marriott point so i ca n't comment much on the price . but the rooms be superb   i even have goldfish in my suite . with status , they deliver free fruit and jasmine tea at checkin . they also give you a bottle or two of free water . all the staff be very nice . the location be amazing   actually adjacent to wonderful very pricey mall where you can grab a bite to eat and wander . it be also right above the train station so you can get around the city soooo easily . from the airport , take the airport express train to hong kong , and then take the train to admirality . by the two different type of ticket at the airport . after you get off the train , follow the sign to the pacific place mall and you 'll see the entrance to the hotel right inside the mall . an easy train commute if you do n't have much luggage . enjoy hk

at check in we decide to upgrade to an executive floor room , for     hkd a night +     tax . executive floor be normally   floor , but because of     some renovation    they have move the floor to   lounge still on  

i be there only one night for a business and not use much of the facilities . but i love the room very much . it be very nicely decorated . i be again upgrade to the harbour view room which be very nice . very romantic

  night in a club room on the   floor . good view but not spectacular . service excellent , staff very professional and friendly

spend a week here over the holidays . the service be first rate . the location be a short walk from beautiful hong kong park , between the business district of central and the tourist shopping area of tsimshatsui in kowloon , one subway stop in each direction . if you intend to spend all your time in eaither of these district you will have a short commute . the rooms have great harbour view and first class amenities , but the hotel be not the least bit intimidating . the hotel be attach to the very upscale mall at pacific place with every designer shop imaginable and the underground be connect to the mall and the hotel

first , there have to be a disclaimer here   i ‚ Ä ô have be stay at this jwmarriott for over   years . as far as i ‚ Ä ô m concern , there really be no other hotel in hong kong . over the years , due to meeting , etc . , i ‚ Ä ô have stay at the renaissance kowloon , the regal kai tak , the regal chek lap kok , the island shang , the kowloon shang , and the renaissance convention . when mrs . gardiner and i live in china , we be here at least one weekend a month for two years . without question , then , i consider this property my home in asia

in all fairness , i travel a fair amount on business , and i choose to stay at the jw marriott in order to redeem point for free nights . the     free room    on the first night be on the   floor and be an average marriott room . the hotel be build so that each room be a     corner    , which improve the view , include into your neighbor ' rooms . it be quite humid when we arrive , and the room smell very moldy . we be only there for a couple of days , so we do n't complain . we store our luggage for a few days as we travel and return to an     upgraded    room on the   floor , which be an identical room but with a view of the harbor and no smell ! . we have hope to enjoy the executive lounge in the evening , but it be noisy , crowd , and so brightly lit that you could not even see what would have be a spectacular view of the harbor if the light have be dimmed . the food and the drink in the lounge be good , the service good , and the location , over the pacific place , outstanding . it be very easy to take the airport express from the airport to the mtr station if you do n't have a lot of luggage , although we opt to take the hotel limo service which be excellent   hkd . all in all , it feel like a typical business hotel to me , but a good one , at twice the price that you would pay in the states . if you want a more unique asian luxury hotel experience , i would consider the beautiful shangri la , which be locate next door to the jw . we stay at the sl in manila and be overwhelm by their service . in terms of hong kong in general    it 's a very clean tourist friendly city   and be especially a good place to stay over on your way to other destination in asia

from the moment the bell boy open the front door and we step inside we be treat like royalty . all the staff be exceptionally friendly , helpful , courteous and extremely efficient . the hotel interior be beautifully decorate and well maintain   the lobby area be very spacious and grand

have stay in hk many times at a number of the   star place i be keen to sample this place . the overall feeling be of a quality product , no question about that , and the location above pacific place be the key selling point

our family of   adult and   young child stay here for   days on a recent trip . the location be excellent at pacific place and close to admiralty mtr . the food at the marriott cafe be great esp . the hi tea buffet on weekend popular with local . whilst the rooms be small common in hk , we be not in the rooms for very long , so do not find this inconvenient . housekeep staff be very efficient . the complimentary bottled water save us heaps

i stay at the marriott for three night and enjoy the experience

we stay at the hotel for a week and have a wonderful experience . as others have mention , the location be great . it 's above an upscale shopping mall , pacific place , and the admiralty mtr subway station . access to the mtr without even have to go outside be a real advantage . the shop in the mtr such as pret a manager ,   , and starbucks be very nice to be near as well . there be also bank with atm in the mtr . it be beyond convenient

the hotel be special to me because my now husband propose here to me .

stay at the jw marriott for   night over easter

our first visit to hong kong , and a very brief one at that . with only   hours to enjoy this interesting city , we quickly head out to see the local attraction , and only return to the hotel to sleep . check in be easy and friendly , the room view be fabulous , and the room be very nicely appointed . this be a business hotel , but we find the service and facility suit us well for our quick visit . shopping start just under the hotel in a multi level mall , and extends well into town . other hotel in town have history and notoriety , but the jw be just fine for us

jw marriott be a good hotel and worth a visit . the rooms be spacious however will need an upgrade soon . the view over the city be great and the food offer in the restaurant below be superb , especially the high tea buffet serve in the afternoon

a fantastic hotel which provide our family with an excellent holiday for our week in hong kong

the rooms be definitely very tired look and old . small bathroom and rooms overall . quite an average stay and i would n't go back again unless it get a big makeover

this be the first jw marriot i stay in and also my first visit to hk    however , the rooms be very date and definitely need an uplift    the bathroom be that of a   star hotel    nice location though and courteous staff    however , enough damage for me not to ever return to this hotel  

marriott hotel , along with conrad hotel and the shangri la , be locate in the heart of hong kong island and link to the pacific place shopping mall at the basement level in admiralty district . i could not have pick a better location . the airport express shuttle drop me right at marriott 's doorstep and i have the choice of all public transport option   taxis readily available at the driveway of the hotel , the tram and the public bus stop at the doorstep of pacific mall and less than   minutes ' walk via an underpass to the admiralty mtr station . the financial district be only one station away on the west bind train while the causeway bay shopping district be only two stations away on the east bind train . have the weather be cooler , i would even stroll to the peak tram station on garden road . also within walk distrance be wanchai , with its budget eatery , street market and bars

although the rooms be a little tired the overall quality of this place be outstanding , and when you look at price in hong kong reasonably good value . the breakfast quality be the only possible thing to maybe not be satisfy but overall a great hotel with an oppulant

stay at the jw marriott in sept   for   night as part of a conference . it be a lovely hotel and i suppose what you would expect give the price . the service be good particularly from the bellboy who could not do enough to help you

we stay at the marriot for   night in two adjoin rooms . there be many positive with only a few small 'niggles' . we would recommend this hotel and will stay there again when next we visit hong kong . positive

i go to hong kong last weekend and stay for   night at the jw marriott hotel on hong kong island . the hotel be centrally locate in pacific place in admiralty and a mere   minute taxi ride from the airport express station . the hotel occupies one of the   tower at the pacific place , the other   be shangrila hotel and conrad

nicest hotel in the greatest city in the world . the staff be very friendly , and i be sick for almost the whole time i be there , over my birthday as well , and on more than a couple of occasions that make phone call to my room or send fruit up and letters wish me well and a happy birthday , just above and beyond any other place i have experience

my husband and i always stay at the jw marriott when in hk . you definitely will find more exclusive hotel with fancier restaurant , spa and general decor in hk and kowloon , but you wo n't find a better location and value for the money . have say that this be hk , so nothing be really cheap only less expensive than other place

we just return from hk and stay   night at the jw marriott . this hotel be a great experience . the hotel staff provide excellent service and the room be great with an awesome view . the washroom be very clean and spacious . i be very impress with this hotel and would highly recommend it . it truly be a real   star hotel

we get this hotel via bidding on priceline for   night for     and be extremely please with the value for money . our room be stunning   locate on the   floor and have a wonderful view of the peak . the room be very clean and nicely furnished . we use the gym all   morning and although it be a little warm for a gym   degree f , the machine be in excellent condition and there be complimentary water , fruit and papers

i stay at the jw marriott for   night on a recent business trip and must say what a wonderful hotel this is . i am not go to spend much time talk about the rooms since this be , after all , a jw marriott , so you know you be go to get a high end product . the hotel itself be extremely conveniently locate   right at the admirality mtr station . as a result , easy access to pretty much anywhere you want to go   if not by mtr then there be always the

we stay here for three night in july   and have a great stay . the hotel overlook a steep hillside and be very quiet and private . the pool area be adequate but not as nice as the four season h .k . see my other review

would have be great have i not stay next door at the shangri la a few month before and the funny smell in the

my extend family have travel to hong kong each december for the last three years . we have stay at the jw marriott every time and we love it . the service be quick and attentive . our plane always seem to arrive at the crack of dawn and they always manage to get us in our rooms well before check in time . when my mom complain that the mattress be too firm for her they bring her an entirely new mattress and a down mattress topper as well they have do this for three years in a row now . the pool be lovely and heated well enough to use on cool days . the location right over the pacific place mall and subway station be incredibly convenient . the room service food be excellent and prompt . you 're also directly adjacent to the hong kong park great playground for my   and   year old daughter and a ten minute walk from the peak tram . overall we much prefer the peaceful atmosphere of central over hot and noisy kowloon . we highly recommend it

we stay here for   night ,       april , and be happy with the choice give hong kong 's notoriously expensive hotel rates . we pay hkd     for   of us per night plus taxes . the room be very comfortable and the bathroom great . we have harbour views . the hotel be directly above one of the biggest and best shopping mall in central . it be a bit of a walk to the nightlife area of central and also to the star ferry or the transport terminal which be okay at this time of year before it get too hot . the breakfast be good without be spectacular . we be happy to stay here but would only choose it again if the price be right

my husband have to go to hong kong for a quick trip on short notice and we decide to priceline a hotel in a central location . we get the jw marriott for less than     which we think be a great deal . we arrive early around   but be able to check into the hotel right away . we be even allow to get credit on our marriott reward card . the front desk be awfully polite and check in be swift . we get a room on a low floor but it have a nice view of the pool and we do n't mind . they bring us a plate of fresh fruit and chinese tea and there be free mineral water in the room . the room be a decent size , not too big but comfortable and the bathroom be spotless with separate bathtub and shower . the staff seem to have a sixth sense of when we come and go because we never see them but the room be always clean up quickly . one time we just go down to the gym for   min but when we get back to the room , the room be already clean and spotless and the fresh fruit and bottled water be replace every day actually twice a day because they replace it at turndown service too . we think that be quite generous of them . we do n't dine at the restaurant or use other facility so ca n't comment on that . but overall the staff everywhere we encounter , from housekeep to front desk to bell desk to concierge be extremely polite and friendly and we feel the hotel be in a perfect location to enjoy hong kong . it 's great that it be locate right in the middle of one of the best mall in hong kong too , with access to tons of nice shop and restaurant and easy access to the mtr underground and you never have to wait for a taxi anytime of the day . we 'd defintiely come and stay here again if we can get a good deal again

stay here for three night while tour hong kong . this hotel be conveniently locate above the very nice pacific place mall with loads of shopping and food option and with direct access to the admiralty subway station . hong kong be often very hot and humid so the convenience of take the subway without venture outside be a big advantage

my wife and i stay at the j .w . marriott for   night on vacation . this be a magnificent hotel with lift access to one of the best and newest shopping mall in hong kong , from which have direct access to admiralty mtr underground station . have travel extensively and stay in many hotel class as 'the best in the world ' the service and standard of accommodation in the marriott equal any

i stay   days at this hotel     move to four season for   night to be nearer to the hk station . so i have the advantage of a direct comparison please see my other review on four season

we spend   night here leave on christmas day morning . we book a jw suite with club access and we be delight with both the room and the hotel . the club lounge come in for special praise . the breakfast and snack be excellent . we have be in many club lounge of different hotel chains over the last few years and this be the friendliest . the furniture be arrange to encourage interaction between guest and this enhance our stay . we even exchange email address with another couple . the staff be excellent and the suite very nice . our only little niggle be the wardrobe which be very small and cram up against the bedside table make it very difficult to access which be a bit strange in a suite . otherwise we thoroughly enjoy our stay and would book again

i be a business traveler stay at hotel about   times a week every week . i have stay at the jw and regular marriot hotel throughout the world . the hong kong jw deserve the top rating for its accommodation , services , and location

we go to hk for the electronics fair in october and this be our first in hk

this be a great hotel with great service   smile reception staff , they even bring you to the elevator although you be a regular guest , they press the floor bottom for you wish you a good stay , you have complimentary fruit basket and hot chinese tea although you be just at the basic level of the marriott membership what a difference with the snobbish and bad service of the grand hyatt in wanchai     the gym be open   a day and the swim pool close at   the breakfast be great with the huge selection of fresh juice and fruit you can bring along with you for the day

although the hotel be very much in the buisness sector,it be very well locate for lesuire , go down to the ground floor the lift will take you to an amazing shopping centre and direct access to the m t r , the best underground system i have ever travel on

i stay for five days , and the marriott have be just excellent

i stay for two nigths in this hotel en route to australia . i arrive to check in at   and the room be available

this be my second stay at jw mariott and stay for   nights . the rooms be great with seperate shower in bathroom and extremenly comfortable bed . i highly recommend stay on the executive floor which give you access to the executive lounge where they serve great breakfast and afternoon tea . i can not believe this hotel be rate lower than the ritz carelton hk   i stay twice at the ritz and the rooms be not comparable . location be fantastic , right next to pacific place complex , hong kong park and walk district to the financial district

this place really know their service . everyone wear white glove and speak very good english . the staff be so friendly and never expect a tip although i happily give one anyway

arrive at hotel but unfortunately our luggage be somewhere in the air . the room be be clean but we be immediately show to the bar for a drink . shortly after we be show to our room which have a harbour view at no extra cost . the toiletry in the bathroom be plentiful and vary so we could shower and use the lovely bathrobes while wait for our case

this be our second trip to hong kong and our second stay at the jw marriott . what a lovely hotel . the view of harbor and victoria ‚ Ä ô s peak be unmatched   the service be impeccable . though it can use a bit of update , the rooms be large and comfortable and the location be beautiful . we highly recommend a stay at this gorgeous hotel

the j .w . be a very pleasant surprise . we expect a nice hotel , but we do n't expect it to be quite as nice as it be for the great rate we get on the marriott website . from the moment you walk in to the marble lobby with the high ceiling and the great harbor view , you realize that you be at the marriott 's top of the line . we have a great corner room with two wall of windows , a comfortable size with a large bathroom    again , a surprise for the rate . the hotel have all the little luxury you would expect from a five star hotel , plush robe and comfortable slipper   which be replace daily    twice daily maid service , and a welcome tea serve on a lovely tea set

my husband and i stay here for four night on a stopover to australia and think this hotel be one of the best hotel we have ever be to

the jw marriot be in a very good location on hong kong island . i be glad we stay on the island instead of kowloon . the island be much nicer and upscale . the hotel be attach to a mall and the train station , which make it very nice and convenient . you could actually get to and from the airport by train without ever go outside . there be restaurant both asian and western in this mall so you do n't have to eat in the overprice restaurant at the hotel . there 's also a little grocery store in this mall that be fabulous . it 's like an asian whole foods . the service be fantastic . they be very nice and accommodate here . the rooms be very clean and nice

i have stay in several hotel in my life . the rooms be n't that clean , the non smoking rooms be clearly smoking rooms , and they never remove the tea that be   days old in our room

i think this hotel be great . from the friendly welcome , to the spacious well clean rooms to the super outside pool and convenient location , i have nothing to complain about . i stay in a lot of hotel for business and this be definitely one of the better ones . it be link to a great shopping mall call pacific place , which if you do n't want to eat room service , but ca n't be bother to venture far have a downstairs area with some restaurant include zen , which do superb dim sum and also a cheaper more 'snack style ' food court on the first floor . as for the hotel facility there be a number of different restaurant area to suit all budgets . the fitness facility be good   there be a cardio area and the outdoor pool be heated so even in feb . it be possible to swim in the evening . i be only stay in a bog standard double room , but there be a small seat area , desk and enough room to move around without feeling squashed . there be tea and coffee make facility in the room which be free as well as a fruit bowl and bottled water , all included . when i arrive they buy up some tea to 'welcome ' me and in all my contact with the employee from the gym , pool , front desk etc . i find them to be extremely helpful . when i leave the hotel i ask for a taxi to the airport and the concierge tell me how much it would cost and what my other option be if i want something cheaper , which be typical of the service i encounter   not snobby , but friendly and approachable . i would really recommend the jw marriott if you be in hk for business , but it would also make a good place for a city break and would suit family too . i be not sure about it for a super luxury break   maybe some of the more expensive rooms have the wow factor as they be higher up , bigger etc . i would definitely stay at this hotel again

amazing . we arrive at       despite be fully book the previous night they have a room clean     ready for us within the hour no extra charge

i ‚ Ä ô have stay at a lot of hotel in my time , but the jw marriott hong kong be a hotel i would put into the exceptional category . with great service , clean comfortable rooms with all the amenities , a solid location and much more , i just can ‚ Ä ô t find any fault with this wonderful hotel . it have definitely earn its   star in my

i have stay at the jw marriott on   occasions now . the first time i join my husband when he be on an extend business trip . they have give him a large corner room   great for a long stay and much bigger than average as we subsequently find out

i just return from a week stay at the jw marriott   hong kong . location and service be fabulous ! easy access to subway underground and with a big shopping mall just downstairs . room have two wall of windows and great view to the harbour . bed be great like brand new . fresh fruit , bottle water be replenish daily and tea be always available around   breakfast be fantatisc with oriental and ocidental options . previously i stay at mandarim oriental which be algo great    but next time i will go again for jw

