i like this hotel because first , it 's price be affordable second , the room be so sophisticated and beautiful , third , the bathroom be clean , fourth , the view s beautiful and last the worker in the hotel be so kind

we stay at the kimberley hotel in the middle of tsim sha tsui . much higher price hotel . i rate this   star hotel with   star value .   block from mtr atation . reasonably quiet . typical hong kong small size hotel room , sigh . fantastic location for shopping

arrive on the first stop of an around the world trip , spend four night here . get to the hotel be easy enough , we use the   express bus from the airport . the entrance of the hotel be a bit odd , with the reception on the first floor , up two escalator   however the porter on the ground floor take care of the luggage . we arrive around   and have to return at       to check in , which i guess be quite normal   if a little frustrate

the hotel be very rigid accommodate an early check in the rooms be very small start and finish for the price i e   usd +  the spa and gym be under renovation which be not inform before reservation the swim pool be a scary one

great location , on kimberley road in kowloon , between nathan and chatham . very convenient to the kowloon shopping area , and around the corner from the tsim sha tsui mtr stop . nothing fancy , but the rooms be clean and well kept . like so many rooms in hong kong , rooms be on the small side , but not excessively so

i book the hotel half day before i check in and when i have get to the room at night and be about to go to bed , the bed sheet be still use as it be from the previous customer . the hair be on the sheet and the the half use shampoo be in the shower room  

the kimberley have fall in its overall standard in recent times . staff be less efficient and less fluent in english , it seems . despite this , it retain its value for money . the location be good , and you can walk to so many attractions . there 's a convenience store just across the road for cheap snack

stay for a couple of night with my wife and teenage daughter . its just off nathan road so convenient for shopping and mtr . busy hotel , lots of bustle . they obviously cater for large party of people on tours . if you get stick behind one of these at arrival or departure time , enjoy the wait . normal rooms be very small . we upgrade to a suite for about hk     per night and it be much better . there be better hotel to stay at similar rates

i love the kimberley it be in a great location . we get upgrade to a suite and breakfast be include which we do n't realise . this may have something to do with the economic crisis and swine flu but it make our holiday . the breakfast buffet be excellent and fortify us for a hard days shopping and sightseeing . we be on the   floor so it be quiet and the room be very nice with a firm bed and aircon . absolutely no complaint , we lose some laundry and they be very concern with regular visit and call to our room to express their concern , after   days of look they find the garment undies and return them to us with a flourish ! all the staff be friendly and helpful except the dodgy     travel agent    in the downstairs foyer tunnel who do n't really seem attach to the hotel . she try to charge a lot of money for a chinese visa which we get in shenzen when we arrive via the mtr for about a tenth of what she wanted . i recommend the kimberley whole heartedly

stay in the kimberley for a week with the cathay pacific city tour deal . the location be really very good for this hotel . there be a   across the street and nathan road be very close by . it 's even walk distance to the peninsula area and the star ferry . there be one weird thing , the floor go from lobby to the eigth floor    there be no floor inbetween . very strange number system . the bed be also rock hard , but we sleep just fine anyway . we go to the japanese restaurant of the hotel , but find it to be quite average . i guess we be be lazy with all the great food you can get outside . staff , as far as we need them , be very friendly , as be everyone in hong kong that we met . all in all , if you want a decent hotel with a good price and excellent location , i can really recommend the kimberley

my room be just the right size for a solo traveler , not sure if there have be another person be there be enough room for their luggage or the person

well , i do n't think you could find a better location

we have three days stopover in hk from uk and meet up here with relative from australia who be travel with us to china . great location just off main nathan road .   minutes walk to star ferry longer when the tout be out pester you to buy watch suit , meal etc and just   to the nearest very efficient mtr system and short cheap taxi ride to the kowloon airport express station where you can also check in . good quality hotel very comfortable and clean with good services and would definately recommend it

this hotel be in a great location  walk out the door and everything be at your feet . the wonderful public indoor outdoor pool be down the street and open late at night  very nice ! the rooms in this hotel be small , but it be like be in new york city or paris  you be n't go to get large rooms in the heart of a large city . this hotel be clean and the staff very good  i would stay here again and recommend it to friend

the best thing about this hotel be its location   right smack in the tsim sha tsui area , and a couple of block from the nearest mrt station . lots of shopping in the vicinity , and near knutsford terrace , with restaurant galore . there 's a ben and jerry 's ice cream nearby , so we enjoy a couple of scoop

stay here with friend for a week in may . rain every day but nevertheless , we get out and about and enjoy our stay . handy to transport system , taxis very cheap as well and reasonable restaurant and   and welcome store nearby . good to get back to a comfortable hotel each day with a very good breakfast buffet each morning . find staff to be friendly and helpful in all restaurants . excellent dinner in their chinese restaurant . reception and service generally quite good . obviously aware of swine flu , cleaners everywhere with one station at escalator wipe hand rails . could not fault anything and would happily return for another stay

the hotel be locate on kowloon island . it 's about   block from the subway station ,   minute cab ride from the jade market and night market , and maybe   mile from the marina where you can watch the laser light show and catch the star ferry over to hong kong island

in this hotel i come already for many years . its very well situate for me . just across be the knutsford steps with lots of restaurant   bars . all around the small shopping street which be nice to walk around . for the breakfast there be starbucks also on the kutsford steps . but also the chinese restaurant across the hotel be very good . nathan road and ocean terminal   harbour city shopping center at walk distance as well

there a lot of mix review about this hotel . i stay there   years ago and i leave very happy overall

i can manage with a small single room but not dirty carpet you would n't step on barefoot . slipper be provide

i stay at the kimberley for three night in august   by the time i arrive in hong kong , i be sick and exhaust after a month of teaching in beijing and two week of backpack in western and southern china . it be such a relief to arrive at the beautifully appoint kimberley ! the hotel be in a fantastic location , right across the street from the restaurant of knutsford terrace , and close to the subway station . i am a very light sleeper , and particularly sensitive to street noise , so i be really impress with the soundproof in my room . even though my room overlook a very busy street , my room be dead quiet    and spotlessly clean and ultra comfortable    i sleep about   hours straight my first night there

have to wait   at reception to check in because rooms be not pre allocated . when finally reach rooms they be not make up as order ie   triple not make up as triple have to ask   times for highchair at breakfast take   minutes . check out not till   but room strip whilst we be out before   and computer fold up in settee bed

first of all one good thing about this hotel be the location . it 's near everywhere ! it 's just a few minutes away from the mtr , there be bus all over , it 's a few steps away from nathan road , and have the kowloon park just a stone 's throw away be a plus . the rooms be pretty decent , the bed 's be good for an average size asian guy , but i can see taller and bigger person have trouble with the bed . the bathroom be clean , no frill but just right . the service be good , they answer our request in a jiffy . we love our stay at the kimberley and we 'll surely be back again

i stay for a week at the kimberley earlier this month march   . the reception lobby be two floor up ground gt   mezzanine gt   lobby , reachable via escalator or elevator from the ground . there be also a bellboy service on the ground , if you require help with luggage , but i do n't need it and find my own way up to the lobby . check in be smooth but please note , they do request your credit card for a hk     deposit which be reassuringly rip up and cancel on check out

locate between jordan     tsim tsa tsui mtr stations , this hotel be very accessible . just   min walk to either stations

my girlfriend and i stay in the kimberley for two week in february and from the moment we get there the staff be friendly and informative . the room be expect to be small , and it be , but not nearly as much as i have thought . the fridge in our room be n't in the bathroom as some of the others have say so i guess it varies depend on the room we have the standard . my advice be to get the breakfast ask if it 's include because they put out a pretty good spread . quite close to the mtr and kowloon park be at the end of the road which be good . also walk distance to the science and history museums . all round a great hotel

we stop in hk for   night on our way to nz and oz . this hotel be in a great location which be the best thing about this hotel . the hotel be right in the middle of the main shopping area in kowloon and a quick walk to the ferry for kh island . the foyer be quite nice . the bedroom and en suite be ok but the bed room be tiny   there be hardly room to open your suitcase , the room also have poor light make it difficult to read . the rooms be clean and fine for a quick stay over in hong kong . the restaurant be very poor and should be avoided .   its like a bad chinese restaurant at home

not a bad hotel , somewhat neutral actually . we ask specifically for a room without cigarette smell i know , difficult in hong kong but the one we have reek ! we have   interconnect rooms which work well . the hotel be in a great location with heaps of eatery around . a good hotel , but not fabulous . have say that we would likely stay there again because you never know what you be go to get in hong kong

four of us stay two night at the kimberley on a stop over to australia . i stay here in   with my sister and the hotel be as good now as it be then . it 's in a brilliant location in kowloon , just off nathan road , ten minutes walk from the star ferry and   minutes from the night market . the buffet breakfast be fantastic , you can stuff yourself stupid if incline for ¬ £   per head on anything from beautiful fresh fruit to noodle or english breakfast . evening buffet at ¬ £   also good value help yourself until you pop and wine and beer included . but there be also plenty of good food to be have nearby . rooms be     cosy !     but clean and comfy bed , shower in our room old but my sister 's be brand new . really recommend this hotel for vfm

the kimberley hotel be in a fantastic location off nathan road one of the main streets . its close to everything include the metro , cafe , market and lots of shops . the hotel staff be very friendly and helpful and the rooms be clean and have all facilities . we stay here for   night on a stopover from europe and be please with the accommodation and most of all the location . i would highly recommend the hotel and would definitely stay here again

this be an unauthorized review of the kimberley hotel in hong kong . firstly , i have to emphasize the great location . it 's a short walk to nathan st . major north  south street that bisects kowloon , it 's a short walk to the metro , it 's a short walk to the bus line on nathan st . and of course it 's a short walk to many restaurant and bars etc    which really be n't say much b c there 's food everywhere . you 'll never be hungry in hong kong

i stay at the kimberley hotel for   nights . i take the option of book the airport to hotel bus which drop me off right infront of the hotel . porter take my bag to my room , while i check in at reception . the staff be friendly and speak english very well . i be on the   floor which be very quiet and eaily accessible by the hotel elevator . my room have a double bed , tv , shower bath , fridge and coffee make facilities . i am surprise at previous review state that the rooms be quite small , as although i be the only one stay in the room i find it to be quite spacious . the tv have a number of channels include many english channels

well  initially i have my reservation about this hotel after read the review here        i be prepare to be greet by some small     tired hotel   

we stay at the kimberley for   night on the way to australlia and be quite impressed . the location of the hotel be its main draw , right in the heart of the city and a short walk to everything . whilst not the most luxurious hotel we stay in , the hotel have eveything you need for a comfortable stay except a pool although the maid be keen to clean and we be wake by them   days in a row , despite do not disturb sign

stay here with my girlfriend and her sister for   nights  from the very first moment at check in there be rude and unhelpful service at the front desk  we be give the wrong room for a triple,only one double bed and a sofa for a third person which we forked out an extravegent amount of money for  rooms be ok,bit small but nevertheless ok,plumbing be a problem,room service be slow and sometimes need reminding breakfast be pretty good as be the lunch  wouldnt recomend a   week stay there,ok for a few night stopover if you not mind rude and arrogant service especially at the checkin counter  we be the target of a break glass door in our room which we not do and they try to make us pay for but not work  location be fantastic which be the only thing good about the hotel  beware of the lady of the night roam the outside and foyer at night look for money in return for massage

stay at the kimberly for three night in december enroute to australia yes , the hotel be a little tired but overall find it to be clean and comfortable  the maid service be very helpful and they attend promptly to any request we had the breakfast buffet be a very good selection . overall all service at this hotel be great   as other reviewer have mention , it be centrally locate for tours , shopping and be within walk distance to station and star ferry taxis be easily catch outside and restaurant and small supermarket abound our room be quiet and have an interesting view of the street below we have two child with us and be able to make use of an interconnect room would definitely stay there again

just back from   days in hk stay at the kimberley . all the public area of the hotel have be renovate , the rooms have be repaint and wall paper and the bathroom have have a make over . however the room furniture look tired and the carpet need replacement , but everything works and the place be clean . service be fine , the desk staff helpful and no supprises on the bill

we stay at the kimberly hotel for seven night in march the room be a good size with a sofa bed for our seven year old son room facility be good with coffee  tea make facility , fridge , hairdryer and the maid service be excellent . overall the furnishing be a little shabby and well worn . however , the carpet be filthy  you really need the slipper that be provided . i do n't want to dwell on trivial detail too much because the selling point of this hotel be its location . its in a quieter side street off nathan road with two excellent restaurant opposite cantonese and japanese . it really be in the heart of kowloon close to shopping though you 're never far away market , museum , transport links etc

i stay there for   days at the end of feb . i have no problem with the service , the staff be generally helpful , no attitude that sort of thing . i book the first   days through a travel agency prepaid and add on   more days and have no problem with that , i .e . no outrageous rates , bill problem at checkout . . .etc . however i would agree with some of the review that the rooms be get a bit old , you can tell the wear and tear , it be keep very clean , just not new anymore , the carpet be a bit worn thin , there be some small patch on the wallpaper . the bathroom look to be newer with the new shower stall with the glass , not the cheap curtain . overall it be good for what i have to pay for it

we stay here for three night as a stopover . we find the hotel to be clean , easy to find and in a great location . only a short walk to the mtr station , which mean that you have access to the rest of hong kong include the airport

this hotel be off main drag , but this advantage mean no major traffic noise . the foyer be on next level and over enthusiastic bell boy can be a nuisance

good location in kowloon

this hotel be great . good location , comfortable , fabulous breakfast . feel so spacious and great after europe for a month . be very comfortable . good hotel

we be impress with the hotel . though the room we be stay in be small standard room , it be clean , tidy and serve our needs . we be expect a small room this be hong kong after all , but the room as actually cozy . so it be nice . housekeep be prompt and efficient . something that tickle us    the mini fridge be locate in the bathroom ! no kid

i orignially book into a hostel to save money in chung king mansion but   minutes there and i be bawl and have a massive fight with the manager because it be a prison cell and wrongly advertise on the internet . i manage to get into the kimberley which be a fantastic change to stay in hostels . i be on the   floor and be treat like an absolute queen . the only negative be that you have to pay to use the pool and spa facility which be the lowest level but i just use the gym and take advantage of have two tv for one person

fine hotel . nothing too spectacular , but reasonably price , clean and comfortable with friendly staff . within walk distance of the star ferry , though there be plenty of taxis around if it 's wet

the kimberley hotel be really well locate , just off the main nathan road in kowloon , a few minutes walk to the star ferry terminal for hong kong island , very close to a metro station and surround by shop and restaurants . so convenient for get around

travel agent book me into this hotel a little while ago

go holiday with my hubby and stay for   nights . the hotel external be not as grand as the nearby hotel , we only realise we have reach the hotel main entrance when we see the hotel name . room be small but cosy . would rate this hotel as   * * * consider room be small and old , i would consider a pricey hotel might be due to its location , surroundings like their eatery and shopping stuff be just as pricey compare to mongkok or yau ma tei   as for view wise , do n't expect much and also because its next to an apartment , do close your curtain at all times if you do not want to see peep toms . would try other hotel next time

small room but great location

we book a standard room at the kimberley for   week in september   yes , the rooms be small but they be functional and clean . we have enough cupboard space to store both our clothes and our purchase

feel i have to write a review of this hotel . we stay here for   night on our way to australia . i have read many review that be critical of the room sizes . i must have be very lucky as the room we have be very large , very comfortable and clean . the staff be not the friendliest in the world , but they be pleasant and efficient . we eat one night in the restaurant , food be good . the location of the hotel be great . get to and from the airport very easy . take the train to kowloon station and there be a free bus to the hotel . you will find this service on the ground floor . all well signposted . the hotel be within walk distance of all the attraction and shops . the only quibble i have be the shop owner , mainly tailor , constantly try to get you into their shops . very irritating . easy walk distance to the star ferry . not bother with the expensive harbour tours , just use the ferry to get around . all in all a good price , comfortable hotel and a good location for explore and shopping

just return from hk on   jul   kimberly be the hotel i stay with my gf . the hotel entrance be so small , on   glance u could hardly notice it . it be a small corridor on a crowd street . kimberley rd most bus dun go into its carpark bell service entrance cos its too small and tight to manuvuer it out    so u have to drag ur own luggage thru the corridor towards the bell service . u can find the bell service the   time u enter the hotel . its on the left . then the lobby , the reception and be on different floor to the bell service    so u might have to carry ur own luggage s up to the lobby reception on the next floor by take the escalator . the reception counter lobby be small and if there be a long q , its gg to take a long time to check in check out . for   days i stay there , i dd n't see any friendly stuff who greet or smiled . they will only provide help if you ask them and be prepare to provide tips  

on previous visit to hong kong we have stay at the park hotel but this time we think that we would try somewhere different , the kimberley

stay there for   night    the first negative issue i have when i walk in , the concirge staff be watch me drag my luggage and no body seem to even care or help , the second issue rooms be small and the funiture be outdated , third , the broadband internet be a terrible pus you have to pay hk     for   hours     too expensive       fourth , the hotel staff be not friendly at all , it hardly you find somebody smile   and finally , long que to check out and then they charge   in house movie in my bill which i do n't buy , and when i try to complain to the front disk , they be not intersted to listen and i do n't have time to argue with them     i recommend if you decide to stay to disable the in house movie     it be totaly rip off 

we stay here from   june   for   nights . this hotel be very nice and if you be able to carry your bag across a road you can get the airport shuttle bus , which be very cheap and the fastest route

we stay at the kimberley hotel at the last week of april the room be clean,the bed linen crisp and the bathroom spotless for the price we paid,this be a great deal ! it 's location be near to   shopping galore along nathan rd , cameron and granville st   just near the hotel be a money exchange dealer who give us a good deal for our u .s . dollars the mtr stations be just a block away all in all i would recomment this place to all the room be rather small but for its price and strategic location , i can overlook that aspect

this be my   time to hk and   time stay at tst . i love to stay at tst    it be a place with good food and great shopping

the hotel at first be pretty ok , until the bed bug incident

we have three night here and they be perfect , the location be just right , a stone 's throw from the main street . very helpful staff and the food be

our family of four two adult and two teenager stay at the kimberley hotel for   night in march   we request two non smoking , interconnect rooms . the rooms be wait for us when we check in . check in out be fast , the rooms be clean , the bed be good , the comforter be soft . one of the rooms have a double bed , a safe and a refrigerator   the other room have two twin bed and a refrigerator . the safe be big enough for my laptop and important documents . the refrigerator be great for drinks . internet access be hk     per week . the location be just perfect . mtr subway , kcr train and the famous star ferry be just   to   minutes walk away . the hotel be surround by shop and restaurant all price range . there be a drug store in the same building   laundry and supermarket be across the street . some traveler may think that the rooms be not that big and the view be not great . for our family , it be just perfect . we want a city experience not a resort experience

my husband and i stay in the kimberley hotel for   week and it be just wonderful ! we have a double room that be a strange triangular shape but this squeeze every last bit of room out of a hotel in a city where space be at a premium

stay   the kimberly hotel in tsim sha tsui area for   nights . room be small , but then all hk rooms are . give the size , it be comfortable enough , and   of us girl manage to stay in it comfortably

just return from a   night stay at the kimberley . we could not find any fault with this hotel at all . the location could n't have be better , easy walk distance to star ferry , nathan rd and temple market . lots of dine choice across the street at the knutsford complex . the buffet breakfast be good with many choices . we find the bed to be comfortable not overly hard as often post here . the rooms be a bit small but there be a nice marble shower and a soft duvet on the bed for a nice little touch . we would most definately tell our friend about this place

this hotel be great , especially for a   star . great location   really close to nathan road main road , shopping , ferry terminal and all amenities . it 's also very well know by taxi driver and the free shuttle service from the kowloon airport express terminal , which be very handy ! staff very friendly and helpful . i find my room plenty spacious enough and spotlessly clean . bed do have fairly hard mattress , but i find them very comfortable . rooms also have air condition and temperature control , so all in all , it 's easy to make yourself comfortable . i could n't have ask for any more and thoroughly enjoy my stay here

we have a young family and travel a lot from australia . we have be to hong kong many times but it be our first at the kimberley hotel . our travel agent have put in two request to ensure we have inteconnecting rooms and on arrival when i enquire that this be the case , the staff assure me that we have inteconnecting rooms . we then find that the rooms be across the hall and therefore my husband and i have to sleep in separate rooms for the   nights . we pay to sleep   in each room and the first room only sleep   so we have to sleep   child in one fold out bed , which be not very comfortable

we stay at the kimberley for   night in november   unfortunately my husband and i be only able to get a twin room with   single beds . now i be normally not picky at all but the room be n't that great . the bed be rock hard . i have never feel a bed so hard . they obviously know this as you be able to order     matress softeners    from housekeeping . i order two for each of us and they just turn out to be blankets      they barely make the bed any softer . lucky we be exhaust as be able to sleep due to that , but my husband keep get dead arms and legs

i be concern after reading some of the review on this site , but the hotel be much better than i have imagine

the location be fantastic , there be shop everywhere , we be around the corner from nathan road which be great for shopping and a short walk from temple street night market which be sooo good for shopping i run out of money !

when i go in the hotel ,     of the hotel staff greet me ! i be shock ! ! they be smile happily . they do everything properly and swift should be a   * not a   * hotel . bathroom be small but big rooms be small and old liked the price and service and dislike the room

ok   to start , we go from an upgrade suite in bangkok , to a perfectly locate hotel in sydney , to lazy times in hamilton island to paradise in port douglas   therefore , a central , average hotel in the centre of hong kong will bring us down with a bit of a bang , especially after   hours of travel to get here

we arrive late evening after long flight from chicago . the kimberley be conveniently locate to shopping and really give us a taste of the hustle and bustle of hong kong 's unique neighborhoods . for the money it be a very nice hotel and the food in the restaurant be excellent . rooms be very clean and comfortable . would come back again

i stay here on the way back from oz in dec   hotel be quite large , but very conveniently place with good access to the mtr and nathan road . just a short walk down to the tst harbourside for some fantastic night time view across to hk island . check in staff be not the friendliest but ok , consider the lateness of my check in . room be clean and serviceable , bed comfy and give no cause for complaint , i sleep well . i advise you not to go anywhere near the mini bar however , it 's very expensive ! all in all , a worthy place to stay , i would definitely return there if ever i be pass through hk again , or stay there for a holiday

we recently spend three night at the kimberley . although we arrive well after normal check in time our room be not ready and we be ask to return in an hour . a bit of a pain after a mammouth flight from the uk but not a major problem

we have just return from hong kong on the   of september

we spend three night at the kimberly hotel in hong kong in august   we find this hotel just ok . the front staff be not overly friendly but they do there job . the rooms be for the most part a little shabbly . it really need a new paint job and some tlc . the bathroom i think have be redone as it be clean and somewhat modern . overall the room be small . the good thing about this hotel be it be in a good location , pretty much close to anything you would need . there be an airport bus stop just up the road . this be the most economical way of get to the airport that we found . the view from the double decker bus be awesome . hope this help

i stay at the kimberly in a triple share room with my two sister and have a wonderful time at the kimberly . the rooms be clean , no funny smell and fantastic value for money . the staff be fantastic , even though at the beggining we forgot we 're suppose to tip in hk i .e . bellboy . i would recommend it to anyone , the location be fantastic , walk distance from night market   min leisure stroll and from the ferry as well . i will go back when i visit hk again

very helpful staff , lovely lobby and restaurants . breakfast buffet be outstanding . rooms be not large , but similar to european standard and be very clean . maid service be efficient and thorough . location be very good   close to nathan road and not far from the jade market , the peninsula , the ferry , hk museum . walk in hk be a delight   the city be spotless . be sure to go the hk side and take the outdoor escalator up the mountain . victoria 's peak be a slight disappointment , although the view be beautiful

great location and withing walk distance to nathan rd , star ferry and the mtr . lots of shop and restaurant surround the hotel which be fantastic . can not fault the location at all

the best thing about this hotel be the location . there be lots of good eat place around not to mention kfc and maccas   although hong kong style and easy access to transport . it be in the middle of a shopping district so it 's very busy and can be quite noisy . careful of the seedy salesman wait for you to step out of the hotel to try and flog you     copy watch    and     copy handbag    . just walk by without look at them or talk to them ! the rooms be extremely small but very clean and very comfortable . we find the bathroom quite big and there be bath salt , dress gown , slipper etc . etc . etc ! the staff at reception and the concierge be n't overly friendly but overall we be very happy with out stay

stay here for   nights . no complaints . good location

we   adult stay here for   days , and be very happy with the hotel

excellent kowloon tst location .   kimberley rd È á ë Â ∑ ¥ Â à © È Å ì   Ë ô ü . very nice facility . nice rooms . business package work nice for vacationer too . the package can include breakfast very nice breakfast ,   min internet connection , and shuttle bus return to hong kong international airport . shuttle     for the airport express train system serve a stop that be only about   east on kimberley rd down the sidewalk from the front door

we stay   adult in the kimberley hotel for   nights . we feel that it 's a nice hotel and great value . it 's definitely a   hotel . the breakfast be nice and include a large variety of hot and cold items . like others mention , the downside be that smoking be allow in the dine room . the rooms be nicely decorate , the bed be okay , a little on the hard side but okay

the best thing about this hotel be its location close to mtr on nathan road , about   walk to star ferry and about   min walk to temple street night market , rooms be small but be clean , staff be not as friendly as they could be , price seem to have go up recently and in our opinion this hotel be now not such good value for money as it use to be . food in the restuarant be good but take a jacket as the air con be always on full and it be very cold

spend   days at the kimberly and find it to be very pleasant , clean and convenient . close to nathan rd and mtr about   min walk . about a   minute walk to habour city huge shopping mall on canton rd . taxis be cheap to get back if you find yourself with loads of shopping ! the bed be a little hard   however they supply a foam underlie if you request it . shower be great and bathroom supply be plentiful . the breakfast buffet be lovely   so much to choose from   unfortunately smoking be allow which do take away from the experience ! it exceed my expectation particularly at the price . we also stay at marco polo hong kong for the follow   days and although it be in a much better position the actual hotel be disappointing see my review . be careful of shop which do not show price   they tend to jack them up quite a bit for the unsuspecting tourist . make sure you know the usual retail price before begin bargaining . be wary of brand you have not hear of

stay here for   night mid january . there be   adult and   child and we be on   floor . very quiet and not long wait for lifts . we have   bedroom and lounge with sofa bed for child . not overly roomy but we do not need much more . bathroom clean . breakfast be good , we fill up for the day . down side be the smoking in the breakfast room . as a non smoker it be quite unpleasant , even tho there be seperate area the air be all the same . check in and out reasonable . walk distance no problem and close to mrt station . would stay there again

in the center of the shopping area on kowloon  extremely quiet , comfortable double bed provided . tea and coffee in room . rooms quite small by u .s . standards . take train from airport to the hotel shuttle . take shuttle     which drop off across street from hotel very convenient and much less expensive than taxi . check in out efficient

