room   we stay in a harbour view deluxe room . quite spacious for hong kong standard , probably about   or so . the bathroom , in particular , be spacious with marble tile and sinktop , separate bath shower , nice powerful shower pressure . bed be absolutely divine . very clean room with no stain notice on the soft carpet , even though some of the furniture be probably quite old . huge bay window that take up an entire outer wall   there be a bit of a privacy issue in that you could look into the neighbor room from the side part of the bay window . but this be a non issue if you keep that part cover up with curtain

stay at the shangri la for   night early february   on our way to borneo . we have a deluxe harbour view room     flr . as soon we arrive we go straight to bed and awake later in the day , it be like the hotel know when we would wake up , as a tray of jasmine tea magical appear just after we wake   lovely

this be the third time i stay at this hotel in kowloon . it 's always a joy since you check in you can feel the great service and attention to the details . rooms be nice in size and also if a bit outdated still in great shape . no flat tv or latest hi tech but nice bathrobe and great bed . the location be excellent just off nathan road with the subway few yard away

we know hong kong pretty well , and keep return here . the service be still impeccable , and the staff could not be more helpful and friendly . we arrive at   in the morning after a long flight , not expect our room to be ready   but it be ! a good omen for the rest of our stay

beautiful hotel on a perfect location but the staff be watch you at your hand for tip and it be all about money     , i do n't like that

there be fancier and more expenssive hotel but if your look for great food , service and real hong kong charm , you should consider the shangri la hotel in kowloon

the hotel be recommend by colleagues . it be lovely . the rooms be spacious , bed very comfortable rare in china where rock hard bed be the norm , restaurant lovely , and view fabulous . we have a harbor view , which i recommend . it 's fabulous at night with a laser light show from major building in hong kong nightly at   pm . we try the tapa bar   restaurant . food be great . although a little pricey , it be better than the local restaurants . the hotel be not as conventient as the ymca salisbury and peninsula near the ferry . but , it 's an inexpensive cab ride to the ferry . there be a subway stop right by the door

the kowloon shangri la have a great location . the rooms be excellent , food very good and reasonably price

we stay in this hotel for   night , absolutely fantastic . we have a deluxe harbour view and it be awesome . i would not close the curtain at night because i just want to wake up and see the view . the bathroom be excellent , if you use the compliementary product once they be take away and replace

excellent hotel very luxurious , close to all shopping , ferry outside hotel to business district , regluar busrides to stanley

my first time stay at the shangri la be so good , we book at the shangri la for our return trip back through hong kong . a great value , the shangri la 's staff be amazing and service be fantastic . with our room not be ready , the staff give us complementary food and drink at the hotel lobby lounge . the rooms be very business orient , but great for leisure as well . the best feature of the hotel be definitely the service and friendly staff . without exception , every experience with the hotel staff be great and

love this great city for its people , great shopping , great food,,and specially clothes make to order      love it ! ! ! ! !

we stay in this hotel for our honeymoon and the hotel be perfect

just return from   day visit to sl kowloon . receive upgrade at checkin and access to horizon club which be value

it seem that we have a troll among us dock point from all positive review about this hotel . do n't let that put you off    this hotel be a solid choice , esp . if it 's your first time in hk like it be for me

we spend a long weekend in a horizon club room with a stunning view of victoria harbor

i stay at kowloon shangri la on my birthday on   june   on my birthday they make me feel so delight by bring me a delicious chocolate cake , champagne     cookie , i be on a pleasure trip with my friend and the hotel staff make me feel at home . this be regard the

situate on the kowloon side   hk side rooms offer great view but at a price . overall , good food and great location . staff be fluent in english and always ready to help . coffee shop have one of the best spread i have

i book a horizon harbour view room . i think it be a good choice

shangrila be a great hotel , centrally locate with all amenities

excellent locationon the busy kowloon cbd area close to ferry terminal and the tsim sa tsui metro . the kowloon train station be also a short ride away with very fast airport connection

i stay here last december , and apologise for just get round to post a review now . i thoroughly enjoy my stay here . the service be excellent , the rooms well appoint and spotless , and the view over the harbour amazing . i stay in a horizon club harbor view room and be very impressed . i could not fault this hotel   one of the best i have stay in anywhere . not much else to say really ! you can book here with confidence

like most   or   star hotel in hong kong the staff at the shangri la be incredibly helpful and ca n't do enough for you . i have be stay there twice a year for   years and have never have any issue or be disappoint with my choice . the decor be traditional but luxurious with all the expect amenities available in the room and throughout the hotel . the fitness centre and swim pool be acceptable   not the very very best in the world   but very clean and great for relax after a long day at work

have stay at the shangri la in singapore , my husband and i decide to give the kowloon one a shot . we book a horizon club harbor view room and it be incredible . the offer we book provide round trip airport transfer as well as unlimited laundry dry cleaning services . yes , we splurge , but yes , it be worth it

kowloon side get to view hong kong island side , but the shangri la be a little     around the corner    so see causeway bay rather than central . the hotel be not tall , and the best view rooms be in the horizon club . we take the cheaper     city view    rooms which really just look across the street to other low rise building

stay here for   night in a harbour king . great room , great service . excellent bathroom . comfy bed . no real complaints . easy to get to everything and you can walk underground through the mrt stations and tunnel to many location so you not get sweaty ! just ask the concierge and they will map it out for you . they do still allow smoking in one of the bar 's but all the other dine outlet be smoke free . this hotel be an excellent choice for both work and play

the shangri la hotel be conveniently situate for access to the major feature in hong kong . it be an easy walk to the nathan road shopping area as well as be close to the harbour and the ferry to the island and elsewhere

although we travel in april , i be finally get around to post about our china trip . normally , we prefer to venture on our own , but for china we decide to take an organized tour . after a lot of research , we choose the pacific delight tour company  the   day golden route gold experience beijing , shanghai , xi â € ™ an , guilin , and hong kong . we choose this company base on the small group size and the upgrade hotels . and what a fabulous time we had . the tour be great  there be only twelve people in our group and our guide be efficient and knowledgeable

this be a beautiful , luxurious hotel , in a great location for tourist , near   subway stop and the promenade . the service be outstanding as well , although it be almost a little overwhelming to have staff member wait in the lobby just to greet people or answer question or open doors . the fruit and tea on arrival be a very nice touch

we have just return from almost a week stay at hongkong we stay at the kowloon shangri la the hotel be very well locate be close to star ferry,nathan road,the avenue of stars,etc

stay there for one night in november â € ™  

stay at the shangri la for   days . it be perfect   the room be well equip and the staff be charming and helpful . how they all know our name be astonishing . handy for the star ferry and kowloon shopping . we stay in a horizon harbour view room   well worth the extra   magnificent view over the harbour and a lovely lounge with coffee , soft drink and nibble all day with a happy   hours with complementary alcohol and hot snack in the evening , plus a most excellent complimentary breakfast

stay here for a week during a business trip to hk , have stay at the sister hotel on the island before i have a certain expectation of shangrila

we be in hk in october   to attend a family wed and stay at the kowloon shangri la primarily because of its proximity to the train station and the shopping mall of tsim sha tsui

we stay at the shangri la for a   night stopover on our way to australia . the hotel be fabulous and we have book , as a   wed anniversary treat , a deluxe harbour view room which be just spectacular . the view of the bustle harbour below be out of this world and the room itself be very grand with nice toiletry and little touch that make our stay even more enjoyable . the afternoon tea serve in our room be an add bonus . the hotel itself be centrally locate for all the usual sight see spots and its easy access from the airport . make sure you get the airport express train from the airport as its quick and cheap . once you arrive at kowloon station there be then a free hotel bus shuttle that take you to the hotel . the staff be always pleasant and happy to assist with any request and the restaurant in the hotel be also very good . the   night we be there we eat at the tapa bar and angelinis and these be excellent . if you fancy splash out then head to the peninsula hotel and the felix bar on the top floor for the best view of the harbour at night and note that every night at   there be a laser show on the waters front which again be impressive . all in all a lovely stay and i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone wish to visit this vibrant city

we stay at the shangri la at the start of our honeymoon , from the moment we step in the door we have fantastic customer service . fresh flower and an upgrade room make our stay even better

my sister and i stay in this hotel in october and love it ! everything about this hotel be fabulous

arrive at the shangri la hotel in middle of typhoon which be quite an experience ! we receive a very warm welcome and offer upgrade to harbour view room   we would definately say this be well worth pay the extra for . the room be amazing with a huge bed and lovely marble bathroom with best power shower we have ever experience

my new husband and i stay here for   night on the way to australia on our honeymoon . my only regret as that we be not here for longer

recently stay in hk for   night and have pleasure of stay   kowloon shangra   la . normally would not spend over     per night , but it be well worth the price .

we have just return from a fantastic   day stay at this hotel on kowloon 's tst east

we be there during a typhoon which be a little dissappointing as we do n't get to see much of the city but we sure get to see a lot of the hotel . location wise it be not as far from the centre shopping ferry as i think but it 's still far if you 're walk in the hot , humid conditions

we stay at the shangri la kowloon for a   night stay in a deluxe harbour view room

a delight . we spend six days here   we upgrade to harbour view rooms   they do not disappoint . wonderful view and wonderful bathrooms . great location   easy for star ferry and mtr . bus direct to stanley and ocean park . sunday lunch buffet excellent

i be not really happy at all to be give out this low of a review to a hotel  especially when i be a golden circle elite member  but i encounter almost problem every day . have stay here last year and give a   review , i be expect slightly better a year later . but this be n't the case

upon arrival at the airport we be greet by the hotel staff and immediately bring to their hotel desk within the airport . we be on our way to the hotel within minutes . arrive at our room to a warm pot of tea , a wide array of fruit and very clean , comfortable accomodations . the view of victoria harbour be beautiful . the bed and bed be warm and comfy since we arrive during the winter months . the deluxe harbour view room offer every amenity need to be comfortable   plasma tv , good climate control , large bath area and closet space . the room be quiet and away from the elevator . the staff be some of the friendliest hotel employee i have meet in all my travels . they aim to please . we do not dine at any hotel restaurant so i can not comment . travel with my husband for a   day business trip i find myself in a safe city that offer plenty of shopping within block of the hotel . lastly , the shop in the hotel be perfect for gift in the event you do not get a chance to get out . i ca n't wait to return

my husband and i visit hong kong for a baby moon the first weekend of june and our stay at the kowloon shangri la be wonderful

i come to hong kong on a shopping trip with my mum and we be absolutely thrill we choose the shangri la kowloon as our home throughout the stay . i highly recommend the club lounge , we upgrade at reception when we check in and get a fantastic upgrade rate . the service be exceptional and stay on the club floor just make our stay feel really special . top food     drink and amazing view of hk harbour . this hotel be in a fantastic position and the conceige desk great provide us with map and recommend some fantastic restaurant to eat at . overall i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone that love a little luxury

stay at this hotel for   night on our way to oz . excellent service and very nice touch on arrival with fruit and tea complimentary . very well locate near to all main kowloon poi 's . would recommend this

last three review of the ksl pretty much spot on with what we think . we arrive by cruise ship and a cheap taxi get us there in only a few minutes . on the basis that we would n't be come back this way very soon , and because experience have teach us that place have always change when you do come back , we 'd pull the stop out and get a horizon club hc room on floor   as soon as they realise you 're an hc guest , you 're whisk up to the   floor for processing altogether more civilise than the front desk downstairs , before be escort to your room where they demonstrate all the goody , electric curtain etc

hi , i stay in kowloon shangri la for one night in feb   i also use the hotel 's conference facilities . it be my first time use the shangri la on kowloon side though i have stay at the island shangri la a couple of times

i stay with my wife at the shangri la kowloon for seven night at the end of march   we book our trip with trailfinders who also take care of the flight we fly with ba world traveller plus  very good  we enjoy the extra room in the seats  well worth consider for long haul we arrive at the hotel at   and be meet as we get out of the taxi by a member of the reception staff , take straight to our room where a member of room service buy us some chinese tea . it be a good start which only get better . all of the staff be extreamly attentive and always give superb service include the concierge very knowledgeable and the waiters . i know that the hotel be   star but in all my years of travel i have never be make to feel more welcome at a hotel . the location be great for get around hong kong  just a few minutes in a taxi very cheap and you could be at any of the markets shopping area or you could walk or take the bus . its only   minutes walk to the star ferry which take you over to hong kong island where you can visit the peak plus some very swanky shopping streets . we have some suit make at charm tailor , just across the road from the hotel , great value and quality

stay two night in a harbour view horizon club room and the view would have be fantastic if it have n't be so foggy ! the hotel be not the newest anymore , but still maintain a very good standard of decor . the club facility be a little limited , although the breakfast selection be excellent the best corn beef hash and poach eggs i have have in a long while . the staff be friendly and professional , and the limo service be a good addition to make our arrival and departure smooth and problem free . eat at shang palace for a dim sum lunch one day and be impress with the standard   and most of the fellow diner be local which be always a good sign of course . if i be to stay kowloon side again i would definitely consider the shangri la once again

excellent location , rooms large , clean , immaculate . hotel staff friendly and very helpful , excellent value for money . the bathroom though be somewhat inferior to those compare to the shangri la in dehli and feel that they could be updated . they be however , very clean and have excellent supplies . can also recommend morton 's steak house locate in sheraton hotel   excellent ! diamond shopping be a must

my holiday of a lifetime be just that thanks to the horizon club deluxe harbour view room at the shangri la . we book the mercedes transport and it really set the tone along with the hot tea wait in our room . we arrive on christmas day and as we walk into the beautiful hotel foyer we see chinese child perfoming a beautiful nativity pageant , all in costume and a wonderful small girl conduct the choir ! we be take up to the horizon club check in and be in our rooms in no time . all staff be absolutely wonderful . it be worth the extra to stay on the top floor as well as the most amazing harbour view , you have the additional facility of free drink and hors d'hoevres from   to   pm which be superb . the breakfast be excellent with a choice of continental , cook meal and fruit serve with quality coffee   an excellent start to the day . the room be large with a wonderful wall size window , electric curtain facility , fresh fruit and a wonderful marble bathroom with large shower     a flat screen tv ! king size bed and turn dowm service . even the mat in the lift which display the day of the week be appreciate as one become befuddle as every sense be blast by the hotel and hong kong 's many attraction , not least the jewellery shop ! this be one huge experience and whilst some have disparagingly say     on yes shopper paradise    , we be not real shopper and find the temple amazing  a trip to the big buddha on lammas island be well worth the trip though tey to catch the quicker , more modern boat for a shorter trip   bus trip to stanley market and the peak be recommend as be an octopus card for travel as you often need the correct money . try mannings for have a beautiful suit make in a week about Â £   and prince jewellery for quality good and excellent service . i really really really recommend kowloon shangri la

love the kowloon shangri la , they could not be more helpful on our arrival , we catch the airport train to kowloon station and a taxi to the hotel , we be meet at the door by a very delightful young lady and show to reception , ala , there be no book for us , although we have print confirmation , not a problem , we be immediately show to our room overlook the harbour on floor   , they confirm next day with us that the problem have be with them

i stay here for three night recently . i think that it would be a nice change from the sl island sister hotel . it be significantly cheaper , over usd   less usd   for the same size room . however , it be a cut below in terms of amenities . the tv be crt , instead of flat screen . furnishing be not as nice , etc . restaurant be decent but also inferior to the island hotel . the exception be the wine bar , more for the atmosphere , which be vibrant . service be excellent and i will revisit

spend one night at the shangri la kowloon on my way back from the middle east . great service and great location . be put on the club floor which be nice as they offer dedicate check in , make to order breakfast and drink in the evening . do not eat at any of the hotel restaurant as they have plenty of snack and hot hor'deurves in the lounge

highly recommend stay here . we would stay there again . friendly , clean , helpful . we stay for   night over new year . our room be spacious and as soon as we arrive in the room , some tea arrive too . nice touch . great location to get around , underground just outside , and some many taxi 's everywhere

we stay at kowloon shangri la for one night begin of january   on our way home from the philippines . we have book a rom with harbour view and must admit that it be quite a view ! hotel be great but sadly we do no have much time to see all features . service be excellent , quick and efficient   all employee speak fairly good english which you do not necessarily find everywhere in hk . the room be excellent , the bathroom magnificent and it include all what can be expect for such a hotel . my wife and daughter enjoy the indoor swim pool even if of relatively small size . we try the japanese restaurant at dinner and it be delightful . the hotel location be very good and practical , especially if you do not have much time to spend . we be definitely recommend this hotel with a little remark that be already make by another reviewer about internet   the room charge be not overprice if comparison be make with other hotel in that categoy but we believe it should include free internet access . after all , many cheaper hotel around the world anyhow provide free internet access . so , shangri la why not your turn

what a great hotel , situate on kowloon waterfront . we arrive at the airport and get a bus directly to the hotel ask at bus desk . i would recommend a taxie as the return journay work out cheaper . our room be very large with a kingsize bed . the bathroom be beautiful and the whole room be so nice i do not want to leave . we have a view of both the shop     harbour which be beautiful due to the xmas light . we frequently jump on the star ferry connect to hong kong island which be   walk away and often eat in the many restaurant just   min walk away from the hotel . this hotel be everything you would expect for a   star hotel

hotel do not come any better than this . fantastic harbour view suite , amazing level of service , wonderful ambience   better still than the langham place , which be say something

we be only in hong kong for one night so do n't use all the facility of the kowloon shangri la , but the service be fantastic

this be our second stay here and it do not disappoint . we have a superb harbour view room , the view from the kowloon side be so much more impressive the room be lovely , everything you could want and the staff helpful and courteous . breakfast be great , a huge choice and all nicely present

for the price i pay , i should have pay a little extra and stay   the island shangri la in central . this hotel need serious remodeling . look like a room from   years back . the engineer have to come up and fix the lock on my door   times in   days . expensive internet . this be my   time at the kowloon shangri  la and it 's go to be my last

the best service i have ever experience worldwide in a hotel . everyone from the front desk staff to the people who clean rooms be friendly , attentive , and at your service . the hotel be beautiful . do n't skip the breakfast   they be amazing

this shangri la have all the infrastructure neccessary to make it a great hotel but none of the charm as we find on a five nght stay here

my wife and i have just one night to spend in hong kong so we decide to splurge on what look like a great location

my wife and i stay at this hotel for   night commence   november

i am sure this place be great if you be really spalshing the cash . however the standard room we have be particularly average and in need of updating . we be give single bed without request them and be tell in no uncertain terms tat we could not be moved . lots of noise from next door too . a little lack in style which be significant give the density of htels in hk . all in all , if this be your budget i wold lok

the kowloon shangri la have spacious rooms but with rather date furnishings . the bathroom have great counter space , but the tub have a shower curtain that smell of mildew instead of a glass enclosure . the bed be very comfortable . there be a bedside console that control the light , the tv , the drape and some of the a c , but it be difficult to use especially in low light . the a c be split between the console which control the fan speed and a thermostat on the wall that may or may not control the temperature . both set of drape be control from the console

we stay at the kowloon shangri la as part of our honeymoon in a deluxe harbour view room . sorry this review come a little late , but i have only just join

we be collect from the airport and whisk to the hotel . we have book a deluxe harbour view room and be n't disappoint with a view from the   floor

we stay for   night in the shangri la kowloon     book a standard double room , on arrival we decide to upgrade to a deluxe harbour view . it be expensive for the upgrade but it be well worth it . the view be amazing     the room be spacious     airy . the bed be one of the most comfortable i have sleep it . the bathroom be marble , with a hugh walk in shower     deep bath

first off , these days this hotel be pretty expensive . but once you get over what you pay , you can enjoy the good things about the hotel . the service be amazing   from never opening a door on your own , to constant taxis at your disposal , to great staff who will help with your every whim

fourth visit to hong kong and first time at this hotel . we be not disappoint

my stay be great , staff be very attentive . quality and variety of restaurant be great specially with cafe kool and the tapa restaurant

myself and my husband stay at the shangri la kowloon for   night at the end of our month long tour of the far east and australia in november  

the hotel need some investment . room be pretty big but nothing really luxury

me and my boyfriend be in our twenties and we stay in kowloon shangri la from may   to may   so yes , exactly coincides with the     golden week    of china . despite the heavy volume the hotel be expect , we have excellent service . the staff be very helpful and courteous , even if we look just a split second lose in the lobby decide on what to do next , a staff would come up and ask if we need anything . from the doorman to the floor manager . they really take hotel management to a new level . after a long day out sightsee and shopping , we find a cute wicker basket with a teapot of hot chinese tea and two cups . these be the little things that really make our stay special . they treat you like their top priority . it 's a warm feeling that you do n't get at other hotels    and oh their lobby be much more beautiful than the renowned pennisula hotel . i do n't dare to stay at other place again cuz we have such a great time

what can i say ? what a place

hotel be amazing , would definitely recommend upgrade to a deluxe harbour view room as the view be out of this world ! it be in a great location so it 's easy to get around and see the sights . only down fall be the cost of the bars , restaurant and the mini bar . there be lots of bars and restaurant within walk distance of the hotel though

fantastic service and food ! nice location on the harbor too . if you prefer modern design i 'd opt for the renaissance or the intercontinental but otherwise , this hotel be one of the best i have stay in penninsula bangkok be my     fave

nice hotel on the kowloon side of hong kong i typically prefer hong kong island side as its closer to my favorite shopping area and cool neighborhood like soho

we stay in this hotel on our china tour and it be fabulous . we love the unusual design of the room    a slide arc wood panel with mirror square inset that give access to both the closet and the minibar . a mirror wall in the entry and what a luxurious bathroom ! what a comfortable bed ! the only disappointment be no flat screen tv , but who care ? not us . we be in easy chair , sip green tea , peer out our floor to ceiling bay window at victoria harbor day and night . service be impeccable , which mean instant . we never really get the hang of logistics at the hotel because it be too easy to just pick up the phone       ice , please     not only do ice arrive but shortly afterward someone call to ensure that we 'd be iced . security be so great that if you forgot your room key you could n't tell the elevator to go to your floor . nice . the restaurant and food be   , like the hotel . the lobby could have win an interior decoration award . if you get a chance to stay here , do n't miss it

my family and i stay at this hotel for   night mid april in superior , river side rooms on our way back from australia to london . everything about this hotel be excellent . the rooms , the position , the food , the gym . absolutely nothing to complain about

we stay at the kowloon shangri la for   night en route to thailand in a delux harbour view room , which be really worth the extra   the view from the floor to ceiling window be fantastic . we find the room to be modern , very spacious and very comfortable indeed not as some have say 'tired ' the bath be a good size , very deep and there be a large walk in shower . the mini bar be well stock and the laundry service also be excellent

we go to the kowloon shangri la for five night over easter and have the most fantastic time . we book a horizon club room , which have the most amazing view to hong kong island . it also give us free access to the horizon club which be brilliant after a long day sight seeing . the hotel be very luxurious , the rooms very big and have electric curtain , so that you could just press a switch and have the most incredible view

i stay at the shangrila kowloon with my parent and partner at the end of april   the hotel have fantastic view of the hong kong harbour from its harbour view rooms and i have to say it be a lasting memory of my whole far east trip   just lie in bed or laze in an easy chair watch the liner and junk go past on the sea be superb

we stay at shangri la kowloon from       dec . from the moment we arrive we be make to feel very special . we book the limo transfer from the airport   think it cost approx Â £   whisk straight to our room , we actually do check in the room . chinese tea wait for us and a bottle of red wine . service through out our stay be exceptional . we stay in the deluxe harbour view room and the view be amazing , full floor to ceiling glass give you the best possible view . the hotel be in a good location   only a short walk from the shopping area of nathan road and a short walk from the star ferry to hk island . we eat at the shang restaurant one night and have an enjoyable meal . on xmas day the hotel do a buffet and the choice and quality of food be excellent much better than the dinner we have at felix restaurant in the penisula the night before and half the price

we love the kowloon shangri la . we have stay in quite a number of hotel in hong kong   include the island shangri la   but just keep come back to the kowloon shangri la

we have just come back from a   night stay at the shangri la . it meet my high expectation of a luxury shangri la hotel . we have a free upgrade to a harbour view room which have fantastic views . the room itself be large , very comfortable and immaculate . the hotel be well situate only yard away from the station and harbourfront . the only slight drawback be that our room have a connect door to the room next door . after our first day we query whether we could change rooms , but there be no n s harbour view rooms available though they do offer us a change when a room become available but we do not find the connect door to be a problem after the first day . if i return to hong kong i would stay at the same hotel in a harbour view room but would only accept a room without the connect door

we stay at the kowloon shangri la for   night as the first part of our honeymoon . we have never stay in a shangri la before but be recommend to stay in this particular hotel because of shangri la 's reputation and the hotel 's location    particularly for its views . our travel agent have book us for a special honeymoon package , where we could have be upgrade to a deluxe harbour view room if available , but we opt to pay for a guarantee view room . this be definitely worth it in my opinion , as i do think there be better hotel in hong kong . the hotel be really beautiful and decorate in great taste , however our room have an extremely strong damp , musty smell which be a bit disconcerning . we be bring chinese tea on arrival as a welcome , and fresh fruit and a bottle of house wine for our honeymoon . this be also greatly appreciated . service be fine    as one would expect from a typical   we eat one night at shang palace , which be very good as well

i book this hotel because of the excellent tripadvisor review , and it be a standard effiicient hotel  good size rooms and nice breakfast . the tea on arrival be a nice gesture after that no extra , just normal hotel service . the pool as mention be tiny and indoor and definitely not a pool to linger in . the carpet be stained . last time in hk i stay in park lane in causeway bay , a much cheaper option . i have hope this hotel would be a treat to start off our holiday but it be little better than park lane . i spend slightly less than   usd on a weekend in this hotel for   of us . the single room have a view of surround shop , and the double a side view of the harbour . i do not feel that i have value for money and will not return to this hotel

stay in kowloon shangri la for one night before leave to bangkok , and , what should i say , the usual high shangri la standard . it be not so spectacular like island shangri la , but still , you have nothing to blame . check in and service be perfect , the rooms great , concierge very helpful . great

this have to be one of the best hotel i have ever stay at ! this be the first destination on my honeymoon   and what a start it was . the service be impeccable from step out of the car until we left . nothing be too much . we be upgrade to a deluxe harbour view room   well worth it ! the view be unbelievable . as we be on honeymoon , we have something buy to our room every day   champagne on arrival moet ! ! , chocolate cake , fresh fruit every day , traditional chinese tea       thie list be endless . the food be fantastic . well worth the stay   ideal location   easy to get to hong kong island , but also on nathan road   main shopping area ! ! ! i would recommend this hotel to everyone

the horizon club rooms ie executive floor rooms of shangri la group in the kowloon shangri la be recently advertise as newly renovate and refurbish , and be quite confident of shangr la 's standard , and have stay in their standard room before , i decide to try . so i book a horizon harbour view club room which include horizon lounge access . i soon come to seriously regret this

on arrival at hongkong airport we be great and take to our private transfer car which be out of this world . on arrival at the hotel we be greated by a concierge and take directly to reception to check in where we be greated by the customer relations girl and present with a posy of flower and give an up grade in room for our honeymoon . the room be lovely and spacious and the bathroom be just as big as the bedroom almost , the view when we open the curtain be to die for the harbour be there infront of us in all its splendor . kowloon be a lovely city and the short walk from the hotel to the star ferry be great . the staff at the hotel where excellant and help you with anything . would most deffinatley return some day

i could'nt fault this hotel ! ! i stay in a deluxe harbour view room , horizon club level . the view be fantastic ! ! as i be there over national day celebration , there be a spectacular firework display over the harbour for three night of my stay , which i could view from the comfort of my room rather than face the throng of people ! ! the rooms be spaceous and well fit , with a fantastic bathroom , complete with plasma tv ! ! although i do find the bed a little hard for my taste . the staff can not be fault , always welcome and friendly . i have book an airport transfer as my flight arrive a late , and be able to step off a plane , be welcome after customs and wisked to a limosine , be well worth the price . if you can afford it , i would recommend horizon level , the include buffet breakfast , which be a delight , drink throughout the day and evening cocktail and canape , in my opinon , make up for the extra cost , and the level of service can not be beaten . this be a fabulous choice of hotel on hong kong , i find the kowloon side more appeal for tourist , and the hotel be a   minute walk along the harbour to the ferry to central , and across the road from a mtr station . also , the food , room service and restaurant , be of outstanding quality and reasonably price ! ! if you 're still search for a hotel in hong kong    look no further !

we book a three night stay in a harbour view deluxe room   but upgrade at check in to a view suite . a pleasant surprise ! we have stay at this hotel several times   and be always pleased . the staff make this hotel a great one

stay here on a short trip to hong kong . i only stay one night as we split the trip between   hotels . other be langham place

i stay twice in september and have stay here before . the service be outstanding . the rooms be large and have every comfort . the new bathroom be excellent . attention to detail be there . after buzz around hong kong or come back in from shenzhen this place be a haven . try the buffet in the evening . the variety and quality be outstanding . the chinese restaurant be also good . it be worth every penny

great location , within walk distance of most kowloon attraction , shopping and harbour . previous report suggest this hotel be too far away from the golden mile . what 's a   minute walk when you have a superb view of the harbour . the rooms be clean , the staff attentive and the breakfast excellent great variety . with   or   bars restaurants just around the corner the shangri la be in an ideal location when stay in hong kong . it be not a problem to get to hong kong island by either mtr of a enjoyable promenade stroll to the star ferry

we stay here for   days on the final leg of our honeymoon . we be collect from the airport in a brand new merc s class with very personalise service from the limo desk all the way to the hotel . we pull up on the forecourt and be meet by an entourage of people all congratulate us on our marriage and my wife be present with a bouquet of rose   a nice touch . we be guide straight to our room and be check in there   on the   floor with a fantastic view of the harbour . the room be great and the bathroom match with all light marble   very neat designs . the service from all at the hotel be great . you only have to look in the direction of a memebr os staff and they come dash over to assist you . as i be a bit younger than the majority of guest in the hotel i be initially slightly concern at the way people may treat me   as i be on honeymoon and not suit and boot as a high fly exec business man   but this could not have be further from the truth

there be a lot of positive review about this hotel , and i be happy to endorse what have already be written . this be a very good hotel with excellent size rooms for any city centre , let alone hong kong . in particular i want to praise the staff , i only have to look at at staff member to get their attention and a positive response . harbour view rooms be a must

i can only agree with all the very good report on this hotel

we recently stay for a   night stay in   floor harbour view deluxe rooms     welcomed after a   hour flight by politeness , efficiency , fresh fruit and pot of chinese tea ! lovely . staff go out of their way to make everything special and no request be ever do grudgingly        other hotel please note ! on my son   birthday get a call from reception enquire be it ok for the staff to bring him up a birthday cake            well they do and i be sure other hotel could manage that but the obvious sincerety which go into this gesture be very touching . the fact that   gorgeous girl give him a kiss on his birthday may have help him forget about be   mile from home . the lunch and dinner buffet at the hotel be truly superlative in choice abd quality . on our way home we cancel our   night stay in hotel intercontinental hk view the rooms and they be very small compare with kowloon shangri la and have another   night in shangri la . best hotel we have ever stay at and this take into account nyc , la , europe and many

we stay here on the first leg of our honeymoon and although i be worry that it might be a bit stuffy and more of a businessman 's hotel i be take aback by just how perfect it be

we recently stay at the kowloon shangri la for several night during a vacation in hong kong . after read of how small the rooms in most hong kong hotel tend to be , we choose this hotel partly for the review we read of the room size , in addition to amenities . our experience here be terrific  huge room with an awesome harbor view   great king size bed , excellent bathroom . we be on the     horizon club    which be an upper floor and it include the most amazing breakfast spread that motivate us to pop out of bed each morning to start the day . the service we receive be excellent , with friendly , helpful , and attentive staff that we actually get to know as the week progress

we stay for   night at the shangri la kowloon with a harbour view , and we be not disappointed . this hotel be something else and be top notch   star   the service be wonderful and the rooms be huge . we speak to quite a few folks in other hotel and they all say that their rooms be tiny . not the case here

my wife and i stay at this hotel for   night en route to mainland china to adopt our baby girl . we have such a great time here , everything be so clean , and the afternoon tea be wonderfful , listen to either a pianist or harp player

wow , what a hotel

i get my hotel room at a discount rate on the internet . i be still pay more than     a night . when i arrive at the hotel i be treat as if i have be give the room for free . when i ask for a room with a view i be tell that since i have     such a discount rate    i wo n't be give one . instead i be place in a room on the lowest floor face an office building , with their windows be separate from my window by no more than   feet . i have to keep the blind close night and day to avoid people peek into my room . the room be pretty nice , although it be not clean . one of the bath robe have coffee all over it and smell like sweat . i be pretty convince that it have n't be wash after the previous guest . i be pretty sure that i will never be stay at shangri la kowloon again as they make my trip singnigicantly less enjoyable

i normally stay at the mandarin oriental when i visit hong kong but because the mandarin be currently under renovation my company book me into the kowloon shangri la . well , what a great experience ! i never think the mandarin oriental could be beaten but i can honestly say that the shangri la do just that

i stay for four night in april and be very please with this hotel . i have stay in many hong kong hotel and never have such a large room . the rooms be very comfortable and luxurious , as well as the marble bathrooms . excellent

my wife and i stay here for several night at the end of march   the hotel staff be very friendly and the welcome tea set in the room be a nice touch and very comfort after such a long trip . we have a city view room on the   floor . the room be very quiet and reasonably updated . of course , the hotel be on the kowloon side of the harbor , so it 's a bit remove from all of the attraction in central hong kong . still , the mtr station be not very far away it 's two stop to central station and it 's a nice stroll along the water to the star ferry terminal which will take you across to central

great hotel , and a good location . i go round and round try to find the right place , the island , koowloon , this hotel that hotel etc etc . this be a great hotel in a good location , if you can , try to get an horizon club room , this include breakfast and two hours of cocktail from   also the horizon club be on the top two floor so if you have a harbour veiw its very nice we be on honeymoon so the upgrade to a harbour veiw but i have pay for a city veiw    so that be nice . you wont go wrong with this hotel or the location . a good solid   star

we stay at the shangri la for   week , over the chinese new year . be pick up in hotel car , greet at arrival and check in be speedy . hotel as lovely as the pic on net

we stay at the kowloon shangri la as island be fully booked . we be a recent convert to the whole shangri la experience have thoroughly enjoy our stay at island back in march   as we now have shangri la membership we think we would stick with the group . although kowloon be not our first choice , we negotiate a very good deal with a city view room on the horizon floor

we stay at the shangri la kowloon for three night end of october on our way to bali and can honestly say it deliver all that we have hope it would . we stay in a deluxe harbour view room and the view take our breath away . the ceiling to floor window give us the most wonderful view of the harbour and we , like other reviewer , sit with a glass of champagne and look in awe across at the light of hong kong . the room itself be fabulous with the most enormous bed we have ever see and the bathroom have everything need for our stay . the staff be professional and welcome and the hotel although very grand make us feel right at home . we enjoy a great halloween night in the tapa bar where all the staff have dress up to really get in the mood ! the hotel be also situate within walk distance of the main shopping area of kowloon and not far from the star ferry terminal for trip to hong kong island and the peak etc . well do shangri la

just stay at the kowloon shangri la for   nights . love it . the room we book be a city view but she upgrade us to a deluxe side view harbour which   although it have be a smoking room   they freshen up and be well worth it . the food at the shangri la be pretty good as well . we eat in the lobby a few times and , on our first night , eat at the chinese restaurant downstairs . the service be really good as be the appointment of the rooms . we also stay at the pen , and although that be a more luxurious hotel , the kowloon shangri la be not far behind . i think the shang have better harbour view though as they be completely unobstructed . it also have a great location

every aspect of my stay be excellent at this hotel . normally i wouldnt choose the shangrila but opt of another brand , but i can confidently say this establishment be go to the top of my prefer list for hong kong

we stay in this hotel for   night before head to bali . we have stay in some very lovely   star hotel , but none as nice as this . we book a harbour view room , and the view really be fantastic . i stay awake just watching . it be our anniversary and we be give a   bottle of moet , which be great !

this hotel be the best we have be in . from start to finish the staff be excellent and be genuinely please to help you in anyway they could . we be only there   days august   but they remember our name within no time at all and at breakfast remember our preference

fantastic hotel . from the moment we arrive to the moment we leave we feel that we be value guests . rooms very comfortable and an excellent choice of restaurants . good location for visting both kowloon and hong kong island

we stay in the superior city view room . good size room with good standard of furniture . however the view be of a road with a footbridge across

i travel to hongkong on a business trip and the island shangrila be full therefore i have to opt for the kowloon shangrila . i be a little skeptical to say the least . the service be almost as good as island shangrila . i will be stay there again this september        did my booking a few month

nice hotel

stay in the kowloon shangri la on the first part of our honeymoon , the service be superb , the room be upgrade due to the fact that we where on honeymoon , but we have a harbour view on the   floor . floor to ceiling window with the view of of hongkong island skline , we fall asleep to the view each night . it be stunning and the high point of our trip

