the location be the biggest advantage of kowloon hotel . its on main happen nathan road , just opposite famous chunk mansion and directly connect to underground . as i be here for the fair , the free shuttle coach of fair just come around the corner , very convenient

we stay   night at the kowloon hotel , in one of their executive suites . this turn out to be two adjoin rooms with the door between open   one room use as a bedroom with king size bed and the other room as a lounge sitting room with a fold out sofa . thus , we have two toilet , two in room safe etc . initially they put us on a smoking floor , but when we request a move , they be extremely accommodate , even to replace the double bed in the second room with a king sized bed for us . the location be perfect , and the buffet restaurant must be one of the best in hk   at least judge by all the local who seem to eat there   whole families . the bedroom could be a bit squeezy for two people with suitcase etc , but the hotel do represent real value for money

very swanky lobby . rooms be on the small side although that be quite common in hk . nice bar and restaurant . close to all that 's happen in the city

have stay many times in this hotel as have my staff . over   vsiits a year . while the rooms be small they be generally very clean . the cleaniness of the dine area on the second floor be slip and they need to watch this point . the table be dirty and when ask for it to be wipe be meet with shrug by the waiter . i speak to the supervisor who go over to the staff and they both laugh it off . i am look for another hotel for myself and staff in future

the positive   this hotel be right behind the peninsula hotel and on nathan road mtr . within second you too can be dodge the suit touts watch touts handbag tout

i 'd agree with the other reviewer that this hotel offer excellent value for its location . easy access to everything touristy , good transport and good service . rooms be small but very clean , food be fine but there be many great restaurant within walk distance

this be a great hotel to stay in

overall okay if you be use to sleeping in a closet . rooms be tiny , old , and sufficient for only one person maximum . the staff be overly helpful to the point of annoyance and they always seem to try and nickel and dime the guests . we visit the harbor club with a friend and they charge us     usd for a coke when i do not have anything we get free drink . this be the second time we stay here and will be the last for sure . after spending thousand of dollar here they will not get any more after i realize their policy

first of all the rooms be fairly small but they be very clean and well look after by the housekeep staff

i pick this hotel as part of a flight + hotel package . i like the hotel 's location the most because it be site in central kowloon . everything be within walk distance , the ferry , shopping mall , street shop , convenient store , transportation mtr

on arrival we upgrade to the club with this your breakfast be include , cocktail from       with nibble , can use the business centre for internet , and higher floor

my fifith visit to hong kong and i have stay four times at this hotel . first this hotel have a handy location near mtr on tsim sha tsui my room be on   floor and be lucky to have a view of a harbour . the rooms be small as every hotel in kowloon have but everything in the room be top , a good king size bed tv ,mini bar and inroom dine

visually hotel seem to be stick in   find the rooms very small for two . however great location near the ferry , metro and shopping area

we choose this hotel because of the location . look at the map , it be situate right beside one of the mtr exit     to be exact . thing be , it be a veeeery long walk to the train once you go below . i mean , the exit 's right there , yes , but the actual train be a very long walk . when you 're already tired from a day 's walk and you want to go back to your hotel , this can be frustrate

location be certainly great   especially for shopping and dining . very close to promenade that open a breathtaking view on a hong kong island

i must say when i start reading review about this hotel i be a little apprehensive . they all speak about small room size and tacky decor . they almost put me off book it altogether but they do n't , and now i am glad i go with my gut feeling

i get a fairly good rate for this hotel so i be n't expect much

if your look for a safe and trustworthy hotel to stay , kowloon hotel would not be the best choice . my girlfriend and i stay in the hotel for   and   we be there for a weekend away hope to enjoy ourselves only to find out when we be leave that a large sum of money be miss my bag . the hotel be inform immediately and sure enough they come   later . instead of the manager investigate his staff he would keep repeat that nobody enter the room . i feel at the end be the criminal and not the victim . they be not very helpful at all and could not wait just to push on for us to leave . please advise and warn those who you know not to stay in this hotel

it be with trepidation have read some less than favorable review post book about this hotel that we set off on our     trip of a lifetime    to hong kong

we have stay at this hotel on two previous occasions but never again

i know there 's no such thing as perfection but everything work out perfectly on my brief visit in hongkong . the god must have be smile on me that time . for a solo traveler , this hotel be the precise fit   room size , location , transportation , food , and fun wink ! even the trip to the airport on my departure day be a pleasant surprise . when the taxi driver suggest that he drive me to the airport for much less than the go rate , i say that since i be go home to the u .s . , i have only     leave in my wallet . he then say that i could just pay him that amount and i think he be bluffing . it turn out he be n't . and by the way , the singapore airline flight attendant in their charming sarong kebaya be billet in this hotel . my only regret be i should have take some photo with them .  

stay     night in kowloon hotel in june   = = = location   locate in kowloon , on nathan road , right next tsim sha tsui station and behind the peninsula hotel . location be great . room   upgrade room on floor   the room be so tiny that the tv be put on the desk , no place available suit cases . we stay here on route to mainland china and want to get a taste of hong kong   for shopping we find selection good but price nothing to write home about . we stay at novotel citygate on the outbound side and find it much more comfortable and only a few dollar more

the kowloon hotel be strategically in the heart of shopping city hongkong . ace to the railway be right outside the hotel , bus , exchange currency all in and around the block . the most sort after ocean centre with all major brand like marks and spencer , toy r us be just few minutes away . the big hmv store be a block away . the chunkee stationery well know for its stationery be on the back of the hotel

the central location of the hotel really help you to see a lot of hk . hotel be above the subway stations , near the ferry terminal . although the rooms be small , they be well design and have ample closet , desk work area . the swine flu be in full force when i be here and the hotel take precaution by continuosly sanitize elevator control , provide guest information on prevention and even a face mask which i not use   

nice hotel , location be great , all place be nearby   shopping , mtr , nightlife , great

= = = stay     night in kowloon hotel in may

stay for a week ,   floor with street view and view of back of the penisula hotel ? . the room be clean and quiet . be not plan to stay in the room much , just sleep and shower mostly , so do not need a big room . the space between the end of the bed and the wall be about of a normal doorway length , so about     , so only one person can walk by the bed towards the desk . the mtr entrance be just to the leave of the front entrance and a starbucks to the right of the entrance , at the end of a short street . we try the dimsum on the   floor . the food be above average . there be a     discount at their   restaurant for hotel guest while we be there . one final comment about the room , they do not put an extra roll of toilet paper in the bathroom , so ask for one if you be at least half way thru the one in the room

our first impression of this hotel be that the location be absolutely terrific . it be locate five minutes walk from the waterfront , the subway be outside the entrance and you be surround by shop and malls . the entrance to the hotel be stunning , the staff friendly and efficient . however , from there , we be somewhat disappointed . we pay nz     per night for three night and we have a deluxe room on the eighth floor with no harbour view . however , the room be very small , we could only just fit one suitcase on the floor with the other in the wardrobe and be able to walk around the bed . the bed be only a double and the room be very tired ! it could really do with a revamp . as well as that , the first thing that hit me when we enter the room , and each time after that , be an awful musty smell . also , the drape be hang off their rings although that be fix the next day

we have today return from   days revisit hong kong and the kowloon hotel . some things for both remain the same , however , hong kong be     on the move    with lots of new subway 's and development be built . the kowloon hotel be still the same great location easily access the mtr and star ferry . we arrive by ship last friday and easily walk with our case to the hotel from the cruise terminal . on arrival we be greet by name harbour club floor and have all the feature of our package and the hotel explain to us . the professional , warm and polite staff take care of all our need     query promptly and sometimes without us even ask for help , they pre empted our requirements . we enjoy the view of the harbour monsoon over the past few days , the breakfast be truly a sight to see   cater to all , have a delicious yum cha at the loong yat heen with silver service very reasonably price , even on wet days the hostess at the window cafe take time and trouble to suggest place to go and things to do . the tour desk be always busy with happy traveller come and going . yes the rooms be small , however , we have a wonderfully comfortable king size bed which i thoroughly welcome each night after walk many mile either shopping or sight seeing . we have consider other hotel , however , the kowloon offer the traveller an easily locate haven where you will be warmly welcome

we stay here for three nights . it be quite a classy place and for us the location be good . when we arrive we immediately opt to join a tour of the city which be a great way to look around with ease . we also arrange a day tour into china which be certainly different . the highlight of this be a theme park of china 's famous sights which i think would be tacky , but it be interesting . dinner be part of the tour , follow by a fantastic show   it make the opening we go to of the lion king at disneyland a few years back look tame

great location , very clean , helpful staff and very polite . upgrade our room and enjoy all the extra , our room have a fantastic view , we be on the   floor in room   food be fantastic . great shopping . we find hong kong to be very clean and the people very friendly . will deffinately go back

well we just go to hk for a quick shopping trip but one thing please remember while this hotel be quite convienent with a metro station connection from the lobby the rooms be small as in real small

great location opposite the peninsular and around the corner from nathan road . i book a deluxe double . the room be compact but well design with everything i need for my stay . clean and comfortable but would be a bit of a sqeeze if more than one person and lots of luggage . breakfast buffet be excellent . i use gym acorss the road at ymca voucher from hotel very good gym and very convenient . overall , this be a good value hotel in a very good location . i be use to   * hotel on business but i would definitely use this one again

the hotel be behind the iconic penisula and be probably the best spot to be in kowloon , right next to the harbour to watch the nightly light show and next to a metro station so very handy to get around . get an octopus card , excellent value for travel and you can also use it on the near vertical railway to get upto the top of the island and marvel at the view . the hotel service be ok , reception be oftern very busy and it look like a lot of tour group probably use the hotel . we pay our mini bar bill when we check out but get a bill at home for an extra bottle of water i be pretty sure we have already pay for . the letter be the politest thing i think i have ever read though ! ! the location be the big plus of this place . the rooms whilst spotlessly clean be v .v . small . there be just room to walk around the bed . the bed be comfy and also very big give the size of the room , small tv but not important as we do n't spend much time watch it . there be virtually no wardrobe space and we struggle to not keep fall over one of our bag which we just have to leave on the floor at the foot of the bed . i stay in a better hotel on the way back and although the location on the face of it be n't as good it actually do n't make any difference as the metro be so good

internet connexion be over pay

the hotel room be tiny and you could hardly move ! the bathroom be also too small . very date interior and be be renovate when we be there . we be in hong kong for a shopping holiday and luckily do n't spend much time in the room . we do n't go with high expectation luckily . the location and breakfast be the only good things about the hotel , as we be close to all of the main shopping area , and the breakfast offer a large selection of foods . the staff be n't friendly and we be definately not stay there again

i first stay here in   and love the hotel and it 's location so much the first time i come back in     i have expect wear and tear and perhaps a date place , but it be better than i even remember it

i be a regular traveller to hong kong for business , at least twice each year , so i know and like the city very much . i visit this time for pure vacation with my wife and   other couples . one couple have never be out of their home country so i recomended hk as the perfect place to start their world journey

if you want to stay in tsim shai tsui , this will be the best hotel to stay in . it 's convenient to get to the mtr with the hotel basement connect to the station . there be a lot of shopping within walk distance from the hotel . it 's only a   to   walk to star ferry terminal where you can take a cheap ride to hong kong island . you do n't need to eat in the hotel as there be many cafe and restaurant around the hotel . although the room be pretty small , most rooms be small in hong kong anyway . great choice . thumb up

we stay at the kowloon hotel from the   to the   of january . we be upgrade to the deluxe room at check in and it be a very nice comfortable cozy room with a small flat screen tv . be pleasantly surprise with two hindi channels on the tv but there be no cnbc or bloomberg tv

i do n't know why this hotel still in business ! heck the rooms be so tiny and you do n't have space between twin bed and if you get a big luggage like me and my sister you will likely to have problem move around the room

we book the hotel via qantas travel

the kowloon be past it 's use by date and need a total refurbishment . it have trade on its location for too long and be not up to international standard

the first think you have when enter the hotel lobby be     will they let me in without a tuxedo ? ?     . the lobby be very nice and very promising that the hotel will deliver the best stay of your life at a hotel . unfortunately , the lobby be about the most space you will see until the next time you leave your room . the rooms be tiny

when we arrive at the front of the hotel we think wow we walk to reception to check in , then one of the friendly staff start tell us about an upgrade special for the two night to a bigger room with harbour views,buffet breakfast,free cocktail from   to   hearing all this we ask the price several times and we keep get tell the same price about     total in australian dollar for   night we say ok as we still have   to check in we go for a walk the come back we go to the our room which be so tiny and they call this an upgrade hate to see normal room plus it absolutely stunk of cigaretes smell we rang reception and tell them about the smell and they say they would change our room after   we go to our new room,it did'nt smell but be still tiny and the so call harbour view be a joke when we go to check out we get a bill for double the price we be tell at the start,i explain that we be tell different and that we have only save enough money to pay for the upgrade he tell us no you have to pay , i refuse to pay the full amount they say and tell them i am only pay what we be told,after be there for a while they say ok but sighn this rebate form , i say fill it out first because i do n't know what you be write on it that 's how this problem start we sign at the start then they change the total price in all i pay what i be tell but our bad experience upon arrival and deperture in such a short stay i will never forget and will tell my travel agent not to recomend to anyone the only good thing be central location but the money we pay i am sure you can get a hotel with a pool abd gym at least

location of the hotel be good , but rooms be small

although you sit behind the luxury peninsula hotel   this property have an excellent value , location and the best breakfast in hong kong . the breakfast be great ! huge selection . the rooms be small but the location definitely make up for it . a few block walk to the star ferry and shopping be everywhere ! best value in hong kong

yes ! the room be very tiny ! â € ¦ the room be ideal for a double bed , miserable for twin beds . our room be just locate at   floor , twin deluxe room , somewhere the end of the doorway . in the room , we have a hard time walk around and not even find a space for our luggage to open . nevertheless , we have a fantastic view of the harbor . the hotel be just less than   walk from the mtr tsim sha tsui , few min walk to star ferry and largest shopping area harbor city . every room door be operate by magnetic card reader , so that you don â € ™ t either drop or collect the key at the counter . the best thing of all , i find it pretty amazing , at every end of the doorway there â € ™ s an ice vending machine . the hot beverage be free , consist of green tea , coffee , english breakfast tea and de cafe coffee sachets . although the hotel check in be indeed slow , nevertheless the hotel service staff be beyond excellent . would i go back again ? might be the question you have in mind , my answer be â € ¦ yes ! might be due to the service , location and ice vending machine haha

the only thing this hotel have go for it be the location . it be just around the corner from nathan street which be ideal for any shopaholic and there be an underground station a minute â € ™ s walk away from the hotel . the kowloon hotel be a very busy hotel which cater for business people and tourist alike . as i say the location be excellent but the rooms be just tiny and not particularly pleasurable to be in either i â € ™ m afraid . however , if you don â € ™ t plan to be in the room much and be look for somewhere central to explore hong kong as we be and without fork out a small fortune for a more exclusive hotel , then this hotel be worth consider

yes location be unbeatable , but the rest unfortunately be rubbish . tiny rooms , thin mattress , filthy carpet , slow unreliable internet that be n't free ,   decor , long queue during check in , dark and dim lift lobby etc etc

i have stay at the kowloon hotel   times now in   years . this stay be the worst . the location obviously have n't change   it 's excellent   but everything else has . this use to be a great value for a very nice hotel and free internet . internet be always free . not anymore   it 's now hk     a day . when the hotel be own by the peninsula group the amenities be great and the rooms be in good shape . it now look like nothing have be do in   years to spruce things up   what use to be really nice be now dated . judge by the tour bus in the driveway , it look like they 're go after the tour group booking and do n't seem to care about repeat business

right opposite from peninsula hotel , literally next to a mtr subway exit , connect to seibu department store , within walk distance to star ferry and in the middle of the busiest strip of nathan road . convenience and location make this my choice of stay in hong kong

stay here for   night in mid august for about     a night



small rooms but nice hotel . just have a restaurant and bar makeover   much improved . always enjoy my stay here , very good for business . great location and friendly staff

we stay at the kowloon hotel in kowloon for   night and have a wonderful time . we be in a club room on the   floor . breakfast be free   floor , happy hour   feature free drink wine , beer and cocktail as well as free hot and cold snacks . happy   hour be an excellent way to prepare for the laser show in the harbour , about a   minute walk away . the hotel location be very good , only steps to the ferry and metro

my husband book a club floor room june   i stay with him one night en route to chongqing . the room be very clean , light and airy but not spacious for two people . it be not a problem since i be always out and my husband like work from the desk at the corner windows . the location be great and convenient to everything . the service from the club floor concierge be excellent . they guide us into the hotel dine room which have a separate area for club floor guest   with access to all buffet items . the club floor lounge be comfortable and never crowded . the additional price for club floor and the upper level rooms be worth the modestly higher price . all in all , my husband always stay here on business and i can see why , as it be comfortable and quiet   daytime construction across the street from our room be n't too noisy on the high floor rooms . the breakfast buffet be excellent and have wonderful selection of fruit and make to order egg items . i would return in the future with book for the club floor

we come to hong kong for chinese new year , and this hotel , with its floor to ceiling corner windows , give us a great view of the firework right from the comfort of our room

we stay at the kowloon hotel in may . it be our first time in hong kong and be consider this hotel and the eaton hotel . we 're glad to say that we pick the right one

i have always like this hotel . okay , the rooms be small i would n't recommend two people in one , but he layout and the furniture be very very well think out meaning you have all amenities , include a full bathroom and shower , a wonderfully comfy double bed , a lcd tv , internet access and a desk to work from . overall the quality of the hotel i would say be easily that of a four star . everything be clean , smart , modern and plush . the service be also good as be the food and drink , though a little on the pricey side for the room service consider there be thousand of excellent food outlet on your doorstep where you can get the same thing for less than half the price . the location be unbeatable in that it be right at the bottom of nathan road salisbury road junction and be right behind the peninsula . this should give you a good idea of where the hotel is . the mtr station be right outside the hotel 's front entrance . only hiccup be that the reception use my debit card for the guarantee when it should have be a credit card   she not tell me this , which mean she accidentally put   hkd through it . easily resolve though and they promise the money back

nice hotel , really clean , very near the train station , store everywhere . service be terrible , though ! their keycard get quite defective . i visit the concierge only to have this man rudely point me to the reception desk with this impossibly long line of people checking in . when i complain that i be already a guest , he glare at me and spat out     what do you want me to do ? !     . horrible service

this be a large centrally locate hotel . the rooms be tiny but you do n't go on holiday to spend all day in your room . the hotel make up for it with cheerful service ,a great breakfast and its location the rooms be clean but i would recommend upgrade to one of their bigger rooms if you can

the location be very good . a tsim tsa tsui mrt station entrance be right at the hotel door . the neighborhood be safe , full of restaurant , fashion outlet , shop ,   and starbucks . the free shuttle bus stop to airport express at kowloon station be opposite the hotel

still here   night of a   night stay

stay at the hotel on our honeymoon during mid feb   the hotel be well position , it be just walk distance to all shopping outlet , the ferry , restaurant and the mtr be literally underneath the hotel . the hotel staff be very friendly and very helpful with direction and sightsee tours . the lobby be a bit small and could be really crowd during check in . the check in for us be a breeze , take us less than   minutes

i stay on my own , at the kowloon hotel in nathan rd and find the location excellent . the hotel in literally on top of seibu department store and the mtr , make this in the ideal location . it be a   minute stroll to the star ferry terminal and right in the action of the bustle nathan rd shopping

this hotel be very well locate

stay here if you 're just look for a good locaitn to crash . it be by the peninsula which be walk distiance to some decent attraction and the ferries . when you walk in , the lobby have a noxious smell of perfume from the store downstairs the drink in the bar be overpriced . i have   at     and it be n't premium alcohol . the service be horrible . i order a second drink before my meal came . they never bring it but it be still on my bill . the room be small , but actually comfortable . it be one of the less expensive option , so i guess you get what you pay for

you be not really pay for the room here , its all about the location , location , location as you have nathan road , canton road and the mtr   star ferry   victoria harbor literally right at the doorstep . you can really shop till you drop around here

kowloon hotel , nathan road , tsim tsa tsui , hong kong have the smallest rooms in hong kong kowloon side . i frequent hong kong and i have stay in all   hotel of marco polo the hong kong hotel , gateway , prince , sheraton hotel , holiday inn goldon mile hotel and so far , kowloon hotel have the smallest rooms . i think the room be only   square meter include the toilet and bath room . i have complain about it and the general manager tell me that he could not do anything about it since the hotel 's building be build   years ago . the food be also not nice . the only thing that be nice with this hotel be the location and the staff   but you could also get this from other hotels . i would not recommend it to anyone to stay in this hotel

great location at the bottom end of nathan road . we do n't eat in the hotel as there be so many option close by and the restaurant look like a large buffet set up . the bar be fine with panoramic windows so you can take in the bustle beneath you on the streets . we pay a small premium well worth it to upgrade the room and get complimentary drink each evening till   large rather impersonable hotel but efficient , clean and in a fantastic location for tour round all the shop and street hawkers .     cheap rolex     anyone

from reading the various view , i be sure you have all come to the conclusion that the hotel be small

we wife , two son             and i book the kowloon hotel through ritz tours as part of a six day mini tour flight , hotel , half day tour in december   other review say the rooms be small , and i figure how small could they be ? well , they be really small , though you do get use to it after a day or so . however , the hotel 's location more than compensates for the room size . it 's right on the golden mile , almost directly above a mtr station , and within easy walk distance of the star ferry , kowloon park and the tst promenade . they have high speed internet in all rooms wireless and wire , but it costs   hkd ~     for   hours . we have the breakfast buffet include , and it be one of the most impressive i have ever see , though the hostess tell me it would be   hkd ~     if we have have to pay . the dim sum lunch be good and reasonable , but the pizzeria restaurant be very expensive and ordinary . hotel staff be efficient and courteous but not particularly warm and fuzzy   restaurant staff be nicer

our first time at kowloon hotel , we stay for   nights . it 's at a great location , for mtr as well as the shuttle bus to take the airport express . the room be clean yet small , but we have stay at even smaller hotel rooms in mongkok area which be not very clean before thus it 's no problem . further more after a looonnng day of walk ard , all you want be just to get a good nite sleep . would definitely recommend to traveller look for a convenient and clean hotel

i stay one night in october   en route to beijing . the hotel be in a great location and the courtesy bus from kowloon station where the airport express arrive be very handy and free . check in be straight forward . initial impression of the room be that it be small , but clean and quite adequate . there be fresh fruit and free bottled water provided . location to kowloon shop and eateryies could n't be better and it be short walk to the harbour walkway the star to see the   pm light show . cost be a little more than the ymca across the road . overall i would recommend it

good hotel ! in the heart of koowloon area . close to the ferry and shopping center

i stay at the kowloon hotel last year and will stay there again this year . it 's in a fantastic location above the mtr and near the star ferry at tst on kowloon side . right near nathan rd , lots of nearby place to eat . walk to tst east station to go to shenzhen . yes the rooms be very small . that 's not so unusual for hk . but the bed be soooooo    comfortable . and the breakfast buffet if you can get it include be great . everything open late in hk so it 's good to take your time in the morning and enjoy a relax breakfast

this hotel do not worth     per night . corporate rate be about     per night   so do n't get rip off   the room be very very small ! ! ! ! a bit dusty and smelly . dumb receptionist . no gym . it will cost you hk     or so a day at the ymca or hk     a day but you need to take the hotel shuttle to its sister hotel . that 's insane . the bathroom , tile be old and mold shown     if you be a couple want a place to stay , do not stay there   you will not have room for any suitcase plus your shopping ! right now i be sit in the room   we have two small suitcase   cabin size and a carry on bag . we have no room here

i stay here two night , one before chengdu and the other return from chengdu . the first time be ok , the room be very , very small , but ok . anyway , after a looooong trip you just want to sleep , and the other time , see hong kong . it be n't cheap . it be in a great location , though . it have the peninsula hotel right in front , and have a free shuttler that take you from the kowloon station when you use the airport express . at walk distance   minutes you have the star avenue and the victoria harbour . the second time we go there they offer us a upgrade , which we took . the room be a little more spacious not to much and a view to the harbour . that be like that , because we have the luck to be place in the far right side of the hotel , where the peninsula hotel do not disturb the view

the kowloon hotel be perfect for a stopover in hong kong . we be there for   only so need to fit in as much as we could and the location of the kowloon hotel be ideal for this

i be only in hong kong for one night which be just as well as this must be one of the smallest rooms i have ever stay in

great location . know the rooms be small so not disappointed . do n't matter . do n't expect upgrade for longer stay . buffet breakfast great . do email at ymca over the road . much cheaper

i have stay at the kowloon hotel a few times over the years . as many point out , the rooms be very small and get a bit date    although clean and comfortable . these be about the only drawback i can think of . it 's an extremely convenient location , especially if you 're spend most of your time in kowloon , but the mtr station , harborfront and ferry terminal be all also only a short walk actually the mtr be under the hotel so go anywhere be pretty easy . the breakfast buffet be terrific , and service , even in this very busy hotel , be excellent

have a pleasant stay at the kowloon hotel sometime back . little i remember abt the service but the tiny hotel room be the main impression . i be stay for   nites on business pleasure so it be ok but could imagine it be less than pleasant any more than that due to the space constraint . the room smoking and toilet be extremely clean with great shower and the bed be superbly comfy as well as the free internet access and fruit basket . not a bad stay for a single give the value rate and location !

service at the kowloon hotel just keep get better . the hotel be impeccably clean . not only do the room look clean , one can actually smell how clean it is . aside from its convenient location   it 's next to the mtr   the kowloon hotel serve the best breakfast buffet this side of hong kong . on this point alone , i 'd choose this hotel over the competition

yes , all the other rviewers be correct   the rooms be incredibly small . but very , very comfortable bed . i be travel alone , and be n't faze i have stay in much smaller single rooms in paris too

i stay here in january and seem to have have a different experience from some other reviewer , perhaps because i pay extra for harbour club membership which give some extra privilege   maybe room upgrade be include although that be n't mention

this place be like hell ! u pay for a terrible experience ? no way ! i would rather pay a little more to enjoy myself . service be very very rude ! the building look nice outside and horrible in side ! the interior look almost half dead ! the toiletbowls werent check ! i see some 'dirt ' inside poo . the whole room stink ! i request for a change of room but they scold me ! some hair be find on the pillow ! wad an awfull hotel . the view suck ! though location be quite ok the room be too small the tv 's be too small ! its like   or something inch u know

if you be claustrophobic do n't stay here . the room be extremely small for   people , especially for   days , be unable to upack suitcases . room more suit to   person . no room to move . no room to store shopping , or any extra luggage . this be my main complaint about the hotel . otherwise staff on the whole be friendly and the room be clean , also hotel ideally situate for mtr , star ferry and bus and shops . the happy hour at the bar be good , include some food

stay here twice with my family . once in   when sars be decline and the second time in   rates back then be a lot cheaper than now , of course . the low price be the main reason we stay there the second time . back in   , free internet service be available through the tv . they be use an extremely old version of windows   maybe ? but it work ! check my email , etc    but in   , when harbour plaza take over management of the hotel , internet access be no longer available through the tv . internet access be only available at the business center or if i have a laptop

we stay at kowloon hotel for about seven days at the beginning of september   the location be fantastic which be unexpected . it be a short walk around the corner to harbour city and the ferry over to hong kong island . we have an adjoin room as there be three of us . the pull out bed be the only thing i do n't like , as the spring hurt my back . i end up take the mattress off and sleeping on the floor the rooms itself be fantastic , very clean , great size and lots of room . we stay on the   floor , a corner suite . it have a fantastic view of the harbour and the museum across the water . the staff be very friendly as be most hotel i have stay with in asia . the doorman at the entrance be very helpful with hints . the breakfast buffet be also recommended . lots of food and variety . i would definetly stay there again as its just around the corner from the underground rail and nathan road and really enjoy the hotel

very good service on reservation , check in , etc

i be travel with my brother in law in a bussines t rip

yeah , we be expect the tiny room , but it still take your breath away when you realize just how much you 're pay for just how little you 're getting . not only that , but step back a decade or two in amenities . seriously , i be most strike by just how much this room resemble the dorm room i be force to live in when i be in the air force . combine with the pitiful work ethic of the housekeep staff as evidence by the crud build up on the chrome bathroom fixture and the additional extortionary charge for internet access , the great location next to the pen still do n't work out to any kind of bargain . consider how easy it be to get around in hong kong get an octopus card the location aspect do n't offset the negatives . spend a small fortune less and a minimal amount more time get to and from and stay farther north      your bank account will thank you . on the up side , the staff be quite friendly , and the doorman ca n't be beat

i get a great deal of us     online at the hotel website . my room be very nice , have all l the amenities you expect from a   * . yes the rooms be n't the largest but it get the job do and its not cramp either . locate right next to the metro station , across the street from the star ferry , next to the peninsula and the business shopping district of tst and kowloon   you really cant ask for a better location . the complimentary   bus bring you here from the kowloon airport express station . go ahead and book it , its good

we stay here in early march   could not be more please with the place . the location be great , the staff and service be excellent . while many on here have comment on how small the rooms be , we do n't seem to have a huge problem with them   the bathroom be a nice size and the bed , very comfortable . we like the complimentary fruit and bottled water serve every day . we use the business centre while there for the internet and that be great as well . buffet breakfast in the cafe on level one be include in our rate   well worth it for the great food on offer   western and asian . we also have the friday night supper buffet there and love the assortment of food . we will definately be book again with the kowloon hotel

we stay at the kowloon hotel for   night in late march   i think it be a give the rooms be small   i do n't think that the room be so small that it be impractical though . so long as you do n't have two large suitcase the room be fine for size

just stay in the kowloon hotel recently . its location be excellent   right behind the peninsula hotel in tsimshatsui , and right next to a subway station . reception staff   and all others   be efficient and speak good english

i stay at this hotel and book it because of its location on kowloon island . i be not surprise as the hotel be right near an mtr station and at the bottom of kowloon island near the avenue of the star

i stay at this hotel for   nights . the location be convenient with the subway station just around the corner from the entrance to the hotel . the service and staff be all friendly and i ca n't think of anything that really strike me as terrible or awful in terms of cleanliness etc

locate next to the underground station , very close to the harbour , shopping centre and other attractions . recommend for a stop over or short break . the rooms be not huge but for me perfectly enough . the hotel in general clean and tidy with nice and friendly service

just spend   night   days in hong kong stay at the kowloon hotel . we be prepare for small rooms follow previous report   however that do not put us off . i book the room direct with the hotel website , there be a special package call â € ˜ business package â € ™ stay for   night or more you receive limo collection from the airport , late check out and daily all american buffet breakfast . we opt for a deluxe room , mainly because we prefer to be higher up . we do not have a view   however , the room be perfectly formed . i would not have like to have have large suitcase , we have   x carry on size and they fit perfectly into the wardrobe . dress gown , and slipper be provide , accessory in the bathroom include wet shave razor and toothbrush , which be replenish as they be used . all the other usual toiletries . we have fresh fruit replenish daily along with tea and coffee and drink water . the control for the tv and light be very handy at the side of the bed , a turn down service be provide and all i can say about the bed , be we sleep like log , very unusual for us in hotels . we use the laundry service , and receive our clean clothes by   the same day . hotel bar have a happy hour each day , serve free complimentary food along with your drink , with perfect people watch view of nathan road . the wine buffet be well worth the     per person , it include a choice of   red and   white wines . needle to say we sample them all   bobbi and annie be very accommodate and polite and get our vote for the smile award . excellent location for everything on kowloon , especially the transport system , mtr and star ferries . slight hiccup with the bill on check out which be soon resolve to everyone â € ™ s agreement . next time we visit hong kong , we will definitely be stay at the kowloon hotel

this place be perfect  

while location be great for kowloon and tst yet this hotel be highly overrate and overprice for what you will get

i have choose this hotel base on some of the review from this web and one of my colleague say that this hotel be 'quite good ' especially the location . i would say the location be good however me and my friend be disgust by the staff . we be chinese and i do speak and understand cantonese but i choose to speak in english when make conversation with the staff . we book a room on club level . on the day we checked in , i do n't know that we be so privileged that we can check in on the club level which be on the   floor . i pass the voucher to the counter staff and she speak in cantonese to herself that 'what be this nonsense ' and give us an impatient look . after she find out that we should be checking in at the club level , she call the club level that tell them that 'someone come ' , of course , in cantonese . she change her tone and smile at us and show us to the lobby . by that time we be quite surprise the kind of service this hotel staff provide

the location of the kowloon hotel be brilliant . its at the harbour end of nathan road , right next door to a mtr station , and about   min walk from the harbour front and   min from the star ferry terminal

we book through a travel agent to take advantage of a   check out . we be hesitant of this property give this site reviewer comment on the tiny rooms , but with that knowledge in mind , think it be okay ! location be great . staff be knowledgable and friendly

i be one day at kowloon hotel , but i be wonder be it possibile to call that room     an hotel room    . i be alone and even if i be not too fat , the space be exactly for me

my wife and i stay here for   nights the staff be attentive ,polite and very helpful we think that it be worth the extra Â £   per day to use the facility of the harbour club this include breakfast for two,complimentary press of clothes,fruit and bottle of water , the use of private lounge to recover from the excess of so much shopping there be also afternoon tea with snack and also a free cocktail drink time between     with light nibble and cakes    a peaceful haven there be also a good chance of a harbour view  especially rooms   and

the upside to this hotel be the fantastic location . from the hotel , if you turn leave it 's the mtr and if you turn right it 's starbucks ! it be also conveniently locate near shop although the price of the good be on the higher side . however , it 's excellent value for money in the tst area   a touristy area . the bed be super comfortable and we have uninterruped sleep for most of the nights . we be also impress with the message find on the tv in the hotel room welcome us to the hotel

we have just arrive back from hk . we stay at kowloon hotel and as everyone have say in all the review have very , very small rooms . but who stay in the room . it be clean , staff be very helpful . hubby and i travel with friend who be in wheelchair and she have a room on her own . the staff help us with the chair . we be fortunate to be give free buffet breakfast which be both filling and good variety . we do n't need lunch . the hotel be close to mtr just outside . we eat buffet supper a couple of night which be delightful asian and seafood . all in all we have a great time

like what many traveller have comment , the size of the room be ridiculously small . my colleague and i have to squeeze into the room for the   days that we be there

as other reviewer have point out , the rooms be tiny . but that honestly do not bother us , we spend more of our time out of the hotel explore hong kong anyway ! the rooms be also rather plain look , but the lobby and elevator be beautifully decorate

the hotel be in a great spot , we be only minutes walk from shop and transport but make no doubt about it , we be always keen to be out of the hotel . it be n't ditry and the staff be pleasant , but by the time my wife and i wheel in our two case there be no floor space leave ! our room , which be relativly expensive for an australian traveller use to pay less for a   or   star we have hope for more than the   square meter of space and a tiny     double    bed . we keep the net curtain close   our view be of the air condition tower of another building

great value for hong kong     us and close to star ferry , harbor city shopping , subway and airport train . smallest rooms we have ever see , but we do n't spend much time there . friendly , helpful staff

we stay at the kowloon hotel in early august   we book our room through our travel agent and pay nzd     approx hkd     per night . the rate do not include breakfast

i book my room and check in on the same day , which get me a discount rate save ~   hkd , for a final rate of ~   hkd . the agent who check me in be very helpful . she even show me another room on the top floor , for the same price with a harbor view so i could consider my option

i recently stay at the kowloon hotel base on the review here and i be not disappoint in my choice . i splash out for the harbour view twin , which be the size of a standard us hotel room . the room be decorate in a low key , minimalist style with white duvet cover on the bed and blond wood furniture . the bathroom be large enough that you could move around without bump into the walls . amenities include daily complimentary fruit and bottled water , a mini bar , and an in room safe . free internet service be no longer available but if you must check your e mail you can log on for     hkd per day . satellite tv include cnn , bbc world news , sky news , espn , eurosport , and numerous channels feature local and international program

place have a good location , very central on the main street nathan rd . locate near all the shop , with mong kok night life shopping district just a   minute walk up nathan rd . locate close to the subway , which by the way be great over there . as what others have note before me , the rooms be tiny , compare to other hotel i have stay at . i think   people per room would be the absolute maximum you would allow . the bathroom be also very small . this hotel be n't really the extravagent one , with big lobby , guest lounge    more business like . other than that , everything about the hotel be good . but do n't expect fancy hotel , however location wise , it be great

we book the hotel after visit the review on tripadvisor . it be locate in a good shopping location with several major shopping center within walk distance . it be also close to the underground station which make travel around the city easy

i have now be to the kowloon   times and will be go for a   in september . i stay there on business , because it be so convenient and cheap compare to some of the other hotel marco polo group for one

myself       other girlfriend stay here for   night and find it to be pleasant and ideal location . the rooms be indeed small but as a party of   we book   executive suite consist of twin bed in each room . both these suite actually turn out to be   rooms each with an interconnect door one room have the twin bed ,computer which double up as tv , bathroom , in the next room , be the same but with a sofa instead of a bed we move   single bed into that room which then give us all a room to ourselves with all   of us be on the   floor smoker view of harbour be limited as obstruct by buildings,but thats what you get for be smokers . the other   be on the   floor which have a wonderful view of the harbour

very helpful staff , especially the tour advice desk

my husband and i stay at the kowloon for   night in mid october of   when we book , we be under the impression the kowloon be still manage by the peninsula across the street and that we 'd be able to share the facility with that hotel . no such luck ! the kowloon be sell by the peninsula in   and be now under entirely different management which we confirm by remove the electrical tape on our remote to reveal the words ,     a peninsula property    that have be cover up !

as have already be say , the hotel be in an excellent location but the rooms definitely be too small

my husband     i recently stay at this hotel on a   night stop over from rome to new zealand . i must say that after reading some of the review before we leave we be a little apprehensive about the size of the rooms . we do n't have any problem with the size , in fact we be pleasantly surprised . our room be on the   floor with a lovely view to the harbour . everything be spotless . the bed be the most comfortable we have sleep in in our whole time away . the linen be beautiful , when we run out of milk or tea we ask and they supply us with more . we have a late check out of   and they even service our room on this day , which we have n't expect

we stay in this little gem recently before embark on a cruise . the location , room and staff be all above expectations . ideally locate to all things , shopping , subway , pier , and major tourist area

locate above the mtr station and central to most hong kong transport and attraction

i manage to get a great deal on this hotel via one of the frequent flyer loyalty scheme which be open to all   at that price this hotel be excellent value for money . room be small but have everything that uou need   cable satellite tv , kettle and hairdryer . bathroom be adequate but be perhaps due for a renovation . the main attraction to the hotel be the service and the location . location be directly above the mtr kcr station interchange which mean that you do not need to go out on street level to catch the tube trains . also situate near all the kowloon side shopping attractions . perhaps i would not rate the hotel so highly if i have pay the rack rate but the vfm tariff be out there   you just need to find them

i stay here for one night on a flight stop over . i book a non smokng room and this hotel do have several non smoking floor . i check in late at about   i be disappoint to find they 'd give my non smoking room to another guest . so i be force to sleep in a smoker . and believe me , that tiny little room really stank of smoke ! !

pro

for the money , one of the best in kowloon , once you get over the fact that hk hotel rooms be small , even by nyc standards . such a fabulous location it 's hard to pass up . clean , modern , appear well run , great access to mtr and airport rail . no beef at all , would definitely stay here again . get a great rate on asiarooms    , better than at the ymca

great service and food clean rooms although small for the price it be great value and so close to all the main transport option excellent value . disneyland be a must see also absolutley gorgeous a magical experience that only come once in a lifetime

reception staff very friendly and helpful . fairly good english . room be small . bathroom have everything work and clean . perfect position for staf ferry to hongkong island , train underneath

i stay here one night after arrive in hong kong in the evening , as i would be leave for china the follow morning . i be upgrade to the executive floor     but the elevator only go to the   floor so i have to walk up one flight of stairs . my room be extremely small , not much larger than the bed , and the carpet have a very strong mildew smell . i be too tired to ask for another room . the staff for the check in process be prompt and professional

this be a great hotel for business traveller travel alone . location could n't be much more convenient , and rooms be well equip for business . rooms really be small , even by hk standards . so , for double rooms for   , go somewhere else

the miniscule room size come as no surprise after read all the previous reviews . we do n't travel with mass of baggage , so the crush be just about manageable

my rating would probably be somewhere in between   and   for this hotel

great hotel   great location   subway be in the basement   you can go basically anywhere from there . star ferry be a couple of block away . it 's right on nathan road   although i find nathan road a big tourist trap . harbour city mall with free internet be a couple block away

we reserve a great price  about   , and then upgrade to about   to get a harbor club room on the top floor , view across the harbor , great buffet breakfast,tea with sandwich from   you can drink cocktail with snack from   and many more extras . very worth it , especially when we watch the christmas eve firework from our room

we stay at this hotel for our hong kong trip . thanks to the review from earlier month i have decide to book with this hotel because everyone have claim that the location be great . i be very satisfy with my decision . the location be perfect ! right in the middle of everything ! ! the hotel staff be all very helpful and friendly . the rooms be a bit smaller than your usual but that 's because it 's hong kong . i have ask other tourist stay at other hotel and they all seem to agree that the rooms be quite compact . other than that i honestly could not find one single flaw with this hotel . do n't worry guy it 's a safe bet !

base on the review in these page we try the kowloon hotel . i expect the rooms to be small , but they be really small   cruise ship small . the location be great and after a week in less develop china we enjoy have the internet keyboard and connection when we hit a snag loggin on , the in house computer guy come to help out . we eat one night at their italian restaurant   menu in chinese , english and italian

this hotel be a very clean     would be rate at least a four star . its in a great spot on nathan road in the kowloon district . the hotel be design for the business traveller and have internet access in the rooms you have to pay for this and also have a business centre for fax etc . we do not have breakfast because it be over price nor do we eat in the restaurants . we stay in a standard room . there be no way i would stay in this room again as it be sooo small . it be hard to even get our two suitcase in the room . apart from this the bed be the most comfortable i have ever sleep on on a holiday

we visit hk when the wto be on and be lucky to get a room . we end up at the kowloon by default but be very happy with it . the location be perfect with the mrt underneath and the waterfront a couple of minutes walk away . it 's right in the middle of shopping heaven too . the front of house staff be very friendly and organised . our bag be off the shuttle bus and in our room before we 'd finish check in . the room be more like a cupboard , very small . however it have everything need for a comfortable stay and the best bed we have in our entire trip to se asia . everything in the bathroom work too . would stay there again

we book our room direct with the hotel on line and pay     per night include buffet breakfast , which we think be great value as the breakfast alone be     no problem at check in we request a non smoking room which it was    very clean and yes it be small but well appointed . love the doonas and feather pillow , very comfortable bed

have be there at the time of fair in october the rates be expensive . we have be in two mind whether to call the trip off or not . lucky that we decide to stick to our plans . we have not use any of the hotel restaurant as during the five night stay we have a rather hectic schedule . rooms be small but very cosy and convenient . our corner room in   floor be overlook the busy street beyond the hmv showroom . the guest relation be excellent , the hotel staff extremely courteous and helpful . the location be superb . you could walk around anytime for anything . station , mtr , ferry   everything so handy . certainly we would stay in this hotel as and when we visit again

executive or business owner ? get a corporate account . harbor club priviledges for the same price as a deluxe room with all the perk

before arrive at the kowloon hotel i email them several times through their website . they be very prompt and always email me back right away !   we arrive into hong kong airport around   pm and go to   to sign up for a busride to the airport . this bus be very nice and be comfortable and dependable . it be   hk dollar per person   us dollar but for be new to the area this be the way to go ! we could have take the city bus   or   for only   hk dollar but we do not know about it at the time . however we do take it when leave the kowloon hotel . the bus stop be just about   minutes from the hotel . nice lobby , clean and welcoming . we have purchase our room thru orbitz com and we buy a standard queen bed room . all work out fine and we get an excellent rate . the room be tiny  i am talk open the door walk   steps and the bathroom be on your left . in the bathroom you take   steps in and you can sit on the toilet , or step in the shower . the closet be across from the bathroom and we put my husband suitcase in there because the rest of the room be not big enough . the queen bed be nice and clean and there be a foot between the wall and the end of the bed and the wall and the side of the bed and then a desk on the other side . one chair which i would have love to get rid of as we sit on the bed and my suitcase need the space . this be the world tinyest room but very clean and very quiet . we would definitely stay again , it be worth the money , we just be not use to a small room . excellent location ! you do not even need to go outside to get to the mtr subway station , perfect location to harbour city mall and only   min walk to the star ferry . the hall we be on do smell a bit like sewage but only in the hall so we arent sure what the deal was . i am quite picky and usually stay at the mariott or hyatt but this be fine . we would stay again

the kowloon hotel be , until recently , manage by the owner of the adjacent peninsula hotel and the same high service standard have be maintain by the new management . the rooms be small but well design and comfortable   and who go to hong kong to sit an a hotel room anyway ? !

we stay at this hotel in august   and find it to be everything we expect for the money and more . the location in nathan road be excellent , the service and cleanliness of the hotel be also excellent and we would have no hesitation stay here again or recommend it to anyone

ok , so the rooms be small , but how long be you go to stay in your room in hong kong ? ? very centrally locate to harbour , star ferry , mtr , shopping and everything else . the staff be helpful and friendly . buffet dinner in the window cafe be superb and cost     hkd for   only minor problem be the     non smoking room    smell of smoke  but you soon get use to it

i just stay   night at the kowloon hotel   i have so much fun and be happy with everything

after reading some of the review , i have second thought in select this hotel for my trip two week ago . but since we be stay here for the first and third night only of our three night stay , well we make our decision

have just return from stay at the kowloon hotel , kowloon , hong kong . i have read the report on the internet but be still suprised at how small the room was . if you have   suitcase forget it ! ! the position of the hotel be great , right next to the mtr and the bus to the airport be just   metre away , so if you not want to catch the mtr aiport express to the airport for   dollar catch the bus which be a more interesting ride for   dollars . i believe for what we pay for the rooms au     per night we be rob , there must be better hotel around for that amount of money , but we book in a hurry and could n't get in a hotel as there be a trade fair on at the time , so we pay over the odds

have read other review of a negative nature , i move in defence of the kowloon hotel . we avail ourselves of an all in one package with transfer to     from airport and breakfast include for hk     this suit our need appropriately . the rooms be very small but ours be more than adequate for the overnight sleep we require whilst in transit . our room and bathroom be very clean , bed linen of good quality , bathrobes , slipper , bathroom supplies . we do not have time for breakfast due to a very early departure . for entertainment we spend our time in the peninsular hotel , by far superior , just a stone throw accross the road from the kowloon hotel . we need somewhere quiet and comfortable for five hours sleep , it more than delivered . walk accross the road to the peninsular for the eat , drinking , entertainment and shopping

i book a few night at the kowloon hotel in tst and check out two days later . the rooms be absolutely cramped   two people can not stand shoulder to shoulder in any part of the interior hallway , and the two twin bed be space maybe   inch apart . although the hotel boast internet access , it 's only available for an exorbitant fee of     hk about     usd per day . also , the bed just have thin mattress pad , as oppose to a full mattress on a box spring . i find the bed dirty and stain

i stay at the kowloon for   nights . check in with only a small amount of wait , and be very quickly processed . upon arrive into my room there be a fruit bowl , which do contain mouldy fruit , this be n't really a good start to my stay , i do leave a note for housekeep to please replace the fruit with     fresh    produce which be do

we stay for   night in the kowloon , after request a non smoking room we be tell there be none leave and be give the 'promotion ' of upgrade our room during our stay for     hkd , presumably for the   night stay . the room have everything , but for an upgrade room it be tiny , i mean tiny , ok for one person but for a couple     

  friend and i stay in this hotel the last weekend of july , i have be to hong kong many times before but this be my first stay at the kowloon hotel . the location of the hotel ca n't be beat . you can enter the mtr station directly from the lobby or use the underpass to cross nathan road . there be a park n shop convenience store around the corner as well as a starbucks . right now there be also an esprit outlet store around the corner with great bargain on clothes

the kowloon hotel be indeed   star and more in term of service , location and it 's great clean and comfortable room

kowloon hotel have a great location . it be directly connect to an mtr station which make get around real easy . just around the corner be a convenience store , several cafe , restaurant and shops . the lobby look great . check in and check out be a breeze . the rooms be small   like it be a single room convert for   but no matter how small the room be , my hubby and i be happy as we have a good view of nathan rd , it be quiet and we do n't have any problem with the staff . room be hi tech   everything be operate just by push a button . internet be available but a bit pricey   luckily , during our stay , there be a promo and internet be free . room rates be affordable   around   per night . we visit hongkong frequently and i would consider kowloon hotel as one of the hotel i would stay in again

we stay at the kowloon during mid april , although the room be a bit small it be in a very god condition , location and staff be excellent . the station be not too far away and all good shopping place be near by . if ur lucky you mite just get a room where you can just see the main hong kong island   wan chai district

we be there for a week , in november and it be a great time of year to be there . the hotel be great and the staff very helpful . buffet breakfast be the best and other meal not too expensive . we eat in the hotel chinese resteraunt and the other one and both be good . rooms be quite small but have everything you could need and free internet be good . you do n't go to hong kong to sit in your hotel room we be usually shopping until late . i would recommend it for anyone want a good value hotel in a really central location

my wife and i visit hk and stay at the kowloon hotel at the end of feb   the standard room we stay in be small but we be well prepare for that after reading the review here . the room and bathoom be very clean , however our view be look out straight across nathan rd at chunk mansion which be an ugly building . the location of this hotel be excellent with an entrance to the tsim sha shui mtr and kcr right outside as well as an hsbc atm . all the shop in and around nathan road be easy to walk to as be the star ferry terminal and harbour plaza shopping mall . it be handy have internet access in the room but it be slow and not always reliable with an old version of netscape , good enough for me to check my web e mail though . all the staff be impeccably polite and helpful . we do not eat at any of the hotel restaurant as there be so many other place to eat out close by

okay the rooms be small . but to me the positive really outweigh the negative at this hotel . if you do n't have the cash to spend at the pennisula this be a good alternative since you be directly behind that hotel

the kowloon hotel , locate at the tip of tsim tsa tsui , kowloon , be a sister hotel of the famed peninsula hotel just across the road . what i like about the kowloon hotel be its excellent location for both the tourist and the business traveller . with tsim tsa tsui mtr station at its doorstep , what more can you ask for . the rooms come with free internet access from a desktop computer from which you can also obtain the latest tourist information . at hk     per night , it be reasonably price for a hotel of this standard and locality . the airport express shuttle service stop at this hotel make it convenient for trip to and from the airport . the only drawback be the small size of the room . a standard double room have just sufficient space for   medium size suitcases . i would recommend the kowloon hotel more for the business traveller rather than family group on leisure trip

as othe people have state the rooms be very very small , which the hotel can not do much about , we get the   floor which mean noise from the traffic be audible but not unbearable the staff be pleasant and helpful almost all speak english

