i stay at   different hotel in hong kong during our vacation and this be the best of the   for pricing and location the other two be bp international and guangdong hotel . this hotel be on the hong kong island side which be much calmer and more interesting than stay on the tsim sha tsui side . it also provide easy access to causeway bay , central , times square and victoria peak . there seem to be more of a nightlife on the hong kong island side

need somewhere for just   night and this place be perfect

locate on the hong kong island side , away from the hustle and bustle kowloon area . tin hau underground station be virtually opposite the hotel less than   min walk so easily link to major business centre and attractions . tin hau underground station however be not luggage nor handicap friendly . so advisable to take taxi to hong kong express train station bind for airport . unless you travel light nearby plenty of food but mainly serve asian food . directly opp be a small restaurant cater for     char chan teang    type

our family of four include two kid age         spend   week in hk at l'hotel . this be our   extend stay . we be there two years ago during christmas time . this time we opt for a suite and be able to negotiate a good deal through direct email with the hotel due to our extend stay

excellent hotel with modern decor ! it be locate across the street from the tin hau entrance to the mtr . it be within walk distance be a pharmacy watson 's , fruit vendor , and street line with restaurants . although the room be a little small which be expect , the amenities be amazing . the fitness center be locate on top floor and overlook the entire city ! work out at night be a sheer pleasure with that view ! plus , there be a rooftop pool

the location of this hotel be great , the service and rooms be less then average at best . the breakfast buffet be ridiculously expensive . free internet be available though . you can find better hotel with the same price . not one i would return to

we pick this hotel on the advice of a hong kong friend , and we quite like it . it 's relatively luxurious , right across the road from a metro train stop , so convenient to everything , yet far enough from central or wan chai to be out of the crazyness

i stay at this hotel for two month in   and the return in   i would say this be an excellent choice in terms of value   price . hotel in downtown area be quite expensive and this hotel have reasonable price , rooms be clean , spacious , modern and have good facility , gym , rooftop swim pool , restaurant , free internet at the lobby

i stay in the hotel for one night on a saturday as i just come from mainland china to see the city . i check first the hotel website for price   hk   + vat for classic and compare them with some other website lowest     incl vat for superior room and figure out that their own site be the most expensive , so i call the hotel and be surprise when they even offer me a higher price !     + vat for classic . try to get the same rate as on agoda com by explain them that i would pay the same rate and they save commission but without success . so i book it for     incl vat . the hotel it self look really nice and have a modern design . the rooms be nice but really small stay in superior king harbor view but i just need a bed to sleep for one night so it be exactly what i be look for . if you stay for more than   night and want to spend some time in your room this be not the right choice for you ! only disappointment for me be the cleanliness of the bathroom , i find a couple of hair all over the place . and that be something i do not accept even when it be a cheap deal , cleanliness be a must ! after complain i be move to another room which have no hair in the bath room but overall do not look to clean in the bathroom . the roof top pool be a nice thing and have a great view but be careful it be freeze cold even when the outside temperature be around   degree . i do not try the restaurant as the lunch buffet look not really good . overall this hotel have a good location and for a price of     in a dbl room it have an ok value for money for hong kong . if you be focus not only on sight see but also on a pleasant hotel i would definitively recommend to invest a few dollar more and stay somewhere else

if you can get a great deal maybe you will be happy . the hotel be right across from tin hau mtr station , and that 's a plus , but visitor would likely not do anything in tin hau itself . causeway bay be within walk distance , but if you do n't know hk , beware that causeway bay be know as hk 's busiest area . i 'd rather stay at harbour plaza metropolis , harbour plaza hong kong or intercontinental salisbury across the harbour for the same price

stay here on a business trip for   nights . to sum it up , it 's very basic , but not bad value for around   per night

stay here in july   as the last leg home from a european holiday . miss our flight from london and end up arrive a day later than what we have book for , but the hotel be very cool about it and upgrade our room give we have pay for two night but would only stay one . pretty generous when it be our fault . hotel be very nice , modern and look well maintained . our room on the twenty something floor be great   very luxurious and amazing views . it 's close to everything , metro station across the road , shop and restaurant everywhere . gym and pool on the top of the hotel be small but nice . i 'd love to stay here for longer next time

we book this hotel with cathay pacific and get a very competitive price for it compare to most of the other hotel in hong kong . room on the   floor with a great view over causeway bay , clean , but very hard bed . if you like to get a soft bed   do not sleep here

spend   night in l'hotel last summer   and beside that hotel be one step from causeway bay metro stop and have few nice restaurant around , the place be really nothing special    rooms be basic , very small with ordinary bathroom and breakfast be around   euro per person free internet on hotel lobby and just on other side the street be great thai restaurant where u can try great food and spend lest than   euro

we need to stay in hk for one night , we usually stay in excelsior but due to the exchange rate , it do n't make sense     we come across l'hotel

stay here for   night in january   during my   week visit to hong kong

i pick l hotel for a week 's stay in hong kong because it be recommend as a new , four star property locate in the causeway bay shopping district . i feel short changed and be a little disappoint with l hotel in terms of its service and room quality . at best , it deserve only three and a half star

our hotel be very unclean . our standard room look very worn and the bathroom have very dirty floor and black mold grow in the shower . there be a strong odour of mildew from the shower curtain . the location be great   right next to tin hau station , but i would definitely not stay here again

i pay     for this hotel during dec   , and i think it be a bit too pricey , but then , it be a business trip and i find the room very spacious in hk standard , and it be very clean throughout the bathroom , the bed , the sheet , the towels . i like the fact that the hotel staff be strictly enforce the non smoking policy and that 's good . this hotel be locate within walk distance to victoria park , and mtr stations , and many bus stop , include bus stop that will take you to airport , which be awesome ! i be go back again in a couple week for leisure this time , and the rate now be     book through orbitz due to poor economy , and i think this be a great deal . i 'd not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone

we stay at this hotel during the last     week of   we have book a standard room but be pleasantly surprise when they upgrade us to a suite . but that positive aspect wear off quickly

stay here on the last leg of a   week trip through china . hotel be very date for a new hotel . workout area be terrible . pool be

we check in for   night for a birthday celebration . our first night we notice a rather bad     musty    smell however we be so tired from a half day travel , we put up with it for the night and escape for a day of shopping quite early the next day . after return , the smell be quite incredible and so we ask to be moved . a couple of room change later we be move to a smoking room and then a twin single bed room we be accommodate on the   floor in a room that be reasonably clean but most importantly do not smell

the room be n't very clean , there be strange small bug in the sink and also strange smell in the bathroom . i do n't feel comfortable in this hotel , it 's like   star

positive

good point

great location , right across from tin hau mtr subway station   provide fast access to the whole city . be a more residential area and offer a more pleasant street experience than have to deal with all of the hawker in kowlown

stay here recently . good value for money . the location be excellent   across the tin hau mtr and within walk distance to causeway bay shopping area   sogo etc

we book our two night stay at l'hotel through skoosh , and everything work out perfectly . the hotel staff be quick in answer any email inquiry i have , include how to get from the airport to the hotel

we arrive tired after a long flight from london . it be just after the chinese new year , i believe a quiet time for hotel , we be welcome by very friendly staff and be upgrade to a suite on the   floor overlook hong kong and the bay . the room be very well appoint and very very clean and comfortable . we only stay the one night as we be join a cruise the next day . we do not eat in the hotel but do see the restaurant on the first floor which look very nice

have be to hk numerous times i decide to stay in a part not visit before . this hotel be right opposite tin hau mtr station which be four short stop away from central . so it be a bit outside the regular tourist area but very accessible . as i be there for a week this be not a problem

after stay at the metropark hotel in causeway bay , the l'hotel be quite disappointing . this be not a   * hotel , more a   * . it 's locate opposite the metro station which be good . the reception staff be polite and helpful . we find our room to be extremely cold and be tell that the heat have be switch off , which i find surprising give that it 's winter in hong kong . the room be on the small side , but clean and the bathroom be an adequate size and clean . the bed be like a concrete slab and not very comfortable . i would not stay at this hotel again

stay at this hotel for several nights . some general information

i find the rooms above the norm , clean spacious with great view     the staff on the other hand be anything but friendly or helpful , the restaurant be cramp , but the food be quite nice      though a bit pricey   

the hotel have for the price we pay a verry good service ,staf at the reception be good and also in the restaurant be good in cleaning the table,s givving ansewers for youre question , the rooms be clean and more then enough space for   people,the only min point the swimmingpool and the bar and cafe where close in the time we spend here but you can order youre drink in the restaurant in the evening great hotel , we stay herre infrom       till    

stay at the l hotel in hk during the last week of dec and first

visit on october     location be great   not too near the hustle and bustle   and just   min walk from all the shopping anyone could need ! the park across the road give us the space to relax on the way home and watch all kind of sport on the way . convenient for the mtr and bus also . one point to note   there be a massive sign outside say 'bar '   we ask where it be   and the staff say they do n't have one   we ask on another day later on during the stay and be tell it be within the restaurant , this be a little confusing to say the least   so we do n't bother . rooms clean , staff friendly enough   although not that knowledgable . a pleasant stay all

  the   of us stay in   rooms for   nights . a nice clean hotel

l'hotel be a great place to stay in hong kong . it be a neat little boutique hotel , there be not a lot of great shopping or restaurant around . however , it be a quick walk to victoria park , which be nice . conveniently locate right across from an mtr stop so its a quick ride to just about anywhere in hong kong . rooms be neatly decorated . the small rooftop pool and work out facility be nice as well . free internet access in the lobby , but you have to pay for it in your room . we find it be best to buy it for the our whole stay for about     never eat at the hotel restaurant , because there be really no reason to when you 're in hong kong . concierge be very helpful

get very good rate on wotif and it be very close to causeway bay so i do n't hesitate . when we arrive at the hotel we be pleasantly surprise by how new and modern the place looks . the whole building be build   years ago from what i hear , so it 's not some old formerly nasty but refurbished building like a lot of place in hk be

a group of us   people have just return from a tour of china and hong kong . we stay in six different hotels,all be excellent except l hotel in hong kong

my husband love to visit hong kong and we usually stay at the three marco polo hotel in tst . but last week , we stay at l'hotel in causeway bay . it be a refresh change . the air be cleaner , the street be not crowded . the hotel room be smaller but it be very clean and they try their best to make our stay most comfortable at less than us     a night , our room have a breakfast nook and a soothe view of a forest hill . there be very few english speaking tv channels and the hotel staff be not very proficient in english but they be very accommodate the rate that we pay be for a smoking room on a floor not higher than the   but when they learn that i have asthma , they give us a non smoking room on a non smoking   floor . it be a little out of the way compare to tst but the mtr station across the hotel make it very accessible . we be happy at the proximity of a wellcome supermarket , a bakeshop and a cafe de coral . i be even able to get brand new item at a salvation army in wing hing street two block away . we will stay at this hotel again , god willing . thanks to all the tripadvisor member who write good review about this hotel

just back from a week stay in hong kong at l'hotel . just opposite tin hau mtr station so really handy for get around hong kong . rooms be good size  expect them to be really small   but more than enough room for two adult in a double room

we stay at l'hotel for   night in july as part of a package with cathay pacific , on the recommendation of our travel agent

i stay in this hotel from   jul   overall , this hotel meet my expectation and value for money . the room be small but give it be in hk , it be reasonable . i stay in   floor which have a great view on the the peak and a small part of the harbour . the location be great . opposite tin hau mtr ,   stop away from causeway and there be few restaurant and a   nearby . mtr fare from tin hau to causeway be   also , it take about   min of walk thru the victoria park to reach shopping area in causeway . you can also experience tram ride to causeway .   stop from the hotel to times square . tram fare be   one disadvantage that i find be that the hotel do n't have a cover front porch for guest to get down from car or taxi where make it difficult during rainy days . so happen that it be rain when i reach the hotel on my first day . the hotel staff have to run to me with an umbrella . fortunately for me , no rain for the rest of my stay . the check in be fast and the staff be friendly . there also   pc for free internet access at the lobby . do n't try their breakfast but find food to eat in hk be never a problem . enjoyable stay and recommend for those who want to stay away from the busy shopping area

this hotel definitely for the people who want to stay near causeway bay but on budget

i stay two week in this hotel by the end of may . it â € ™ s a so called harbor view hotel with no harbor view except you â € ™ re assign to   floor or above . regular room size be acceptable for a typical hotel in hong kong , but smaller than expect as what we â € ™ have see on their office website . towel be somewhat dirty . toilet seats be stain for the two rooms i serve with my family , as photo show by other traveler from this web . bed size be good but bed sheet be not replace daily for long stay clients . hardwood floor instead of carpet in room would be a good design of avoid smelly after years . however , it â € ™ s a bit noisy since there â € ™ s no carpet to absorb the noise . residence from next door close the closet door or bang the washroom slide door produce noise in late evening . the slide door be light and loose so everyone slam it on closing . wall in room be stain unevenly , and doesn â € ™ t like a new hotel at all . hallway be hot but elevator be cold . some residence smoke on non smoking floor , and sometimes even the elevator be full of smoking smell . pool and exercise room close very early . sauna that mention on their website become invisible . i can â € ™ t find it in exchange room on   floor or no sign for it at all . where be it

we book this hotel as part of a package with cathay pacific where the flight from amsterdam plus five night cost little more than the flight itself . i check online when we be there late may   and standard rooms at this time of year be available for â ‚ ¬   , give the location and quality of the hotel this be excellent value

on my first trip to hong kong and shenzhen . i have to stay in three different hotel , one in shenzhen and two in hong kong . this be the last hotel i arrive at and i think it be the best of the three . the hotel be easy to find , right across from tin hau station . check in staff be pleasant and polite and speak good english . the room be large compare to the last hk hotel i have be in . it be clean and i really like the decor . there be free internet usage in the lobby which i use at night when i couldnt sleep . only once have the lunch buffet , i be pretty disappoint with it as it costs more at the weekend and the selection be pretty bland . all in all i could stay there again in my visit to hk but i have my eye on some other hotel in the

i must say i be very please with my stay in hong kong at l'hotel . i pay a fairly good rate , so good i think i would be put on the lower floor with no view . wrong ! i arrive fairly late from the airport and be expect a room from the leftovers . wrong . we get put on the   floor out of   ! with a view of hong kong , the harbor and kowloon . it be an awesome welcome . the hotel itself be of unique design . the rooms be simply furnish yet stylish and spacious enough . for the   floor the elevator be quite fast . have the breakfast buffet one morning . a bit pricey yet have a variety to choose from with both western and chinese dishes . try dragonfruit for the first time . hotel be quite immaculate . staff be invite and professional with a sincerity . dine room staff seem a bit rush and guide you to a table without ask to sit somewhere else but i could have care less . whatever flaw l'hotel have i do n't see them or i simply forgot ! it must have be go to sleep each night with that beautiful skyline ! !

have a suite with a lounge area as well bath       shower and for the price very good

i stay in l'hotel causeway bay hk last february   ,   it be my first time to go to hongkong and i like the sleek modern design of l'hotel

unbelievable small rooms with even smaller bathrooms . room dirty and have to ask for extra cleaning after first night . no real improvement over the entire stay . hallway need a good cleaning

we be stay in hong kong for   night and in two hotel as there be some trade event on in hong kong which mean that the room rates change somewhat during the period we intend to stay . of the five night we be in hong kong , the first two be spend in l'hotel         march , but i wish we could have stay there for all five

we stay at l â € ™ hotel in hong kong for   night in january . we have a special   euro stop over rate in combination with our cathay pacific flight

when i first book for this hotel . since it 's just us     per night , i have n't expect comfort like   star hotels . but surprisingly l'hotel be in the very heart of hk , situate just opposite of tin hau mtr station . very convenient location , walk only   min to reach victoria park and another less than   min to reach sogo , causeway bay . check in be very efficient and fast , staff be very helpful and willing to assist . the room be surprising large and high ceiling with even   telephone in room ! toilet amaenities and water be complimentary everyday . i have to say l'hotel give me unexpectedly good impression for the price under us     the only con be the restroom , the water in the flush run all the time after the first flush . when i notify the front desk , they send staff to fix right away but after the first flush , the water keep run again   so i have listen to the sound of run water for the whole   days . and the seat cover have kind of stain that never go away . i try to rub the stain off but it would n't come off . but since i do n't spend much time in the restroom , i have to say that i 'll definitely stay in l'hotel again . the price be so great and the location be perfect !

this hotel be perfect for our stay in hong kong . it be directly across the street from a mtr stop make transit around the city a breeze . the rooms be very clean and very modern . the staff be very professional . i have absolutely no complaint and would recommend this hotel to anyone travel to hong kong in the near future

thisis a good hotel . very good value for hk , right next to the mtr station , view of the harbour . choice of tv be a bit limited but who need tv when in hk

thoughoughly agree with the good reviews . price , location and service be all excellent . concierge write our desinations around town in chinese for us which really help with the taxi situation

stay at l ` hotel for   days in the beginning of january and be please to find it actually much better than we expect

chinachem corporation 's glass and steel edifice l'hotel locally know as     l el hotel    be a newcomer to the grow midsize   star hotel market on hk island . directly opposite tin hau mtr station , around the corner from its competition metropark and a couple of block from the rosedale , the building make a striking contrast to the grey concrete block line king street

my wife and i have arrange a very short   night visit to hong kong and we choose l'hotel as it seem to fit our need

my kid and i stay at this hotel for   nights . the hotel itself be lovely . as i be travel with my kid age   ,         on my own i want to have them in an interconnect room or at least in a room on the same floor as they say they could'nt accommodate all of us in one room . we do book   month ahead but they still tell us they would not guarantee either . on check in the hotel say that none be available and the best they could do be put us in a king suite which mean that my   girl and i share the king size bed and my son sleep on the sofa . this be annoy but at least they be with me . the suite be very spacious and do have lovely views . as the hotel be relatively new , it feel to me like the staff be learning on the job . it seem that lots of small things add up and end up be extremely annoying . one that spring to mind be that when i travel i do n't like my room service , but even though i put the     do not disturb    sign on my door , i would find my room clean and make up everyday , even after ask the staff not to ! as state in other review , english at reception be a problem , although they be nice but it be very difficult to get the information i want and in the end i give up and work it out myself . another problem be that i have book this hotel base on the lovely pool see in the pic as its hot and i think that it would give my kid something to do , after a day shopping , well the pool be there and look very invite but its padlock as the council have yet to give it approval . the location be nice and not as busy at kowloon , which be what i be look for but i think next time , we 'll stay around admiralty as that be on the main line and not require a change of train , have say that it only take a few minutes on the train anyway . in sum up , the hotel be very nice , but the service side of things really let it down

we stay two night in this hotel in late july . the location be the best part   opposite the mtr so it be prefect for travel around hong kong its so easy to get around the city and area like new territory . the hotel be also nice and close to victoria park and all the shop at causeway bay

stay here in august   the hotel be obviously very new and be ideally place for all the transport . tin hau mtr , the bus station and a tram stop be all right outside the door . the walk across victoria park to the main causeway bay area be fascinating and be probably one of my favourite memory of hong kong

a modern , new , clean , convenient location . this hotel and it 's staff get   and half star ! my three criterion for a nice stay be high pressure hot water shower , a comfy bed and quiet . it have all of those . the picture be accurate . the rooms be reasonably well finished . a few corner have be cut . the ac be effective . room service tick . the only two downer be a very cheap and subsequently slow kettle and they have go for the cheaper slow lifts . so expect to wait and then to get to know your fellow traveller ! ! ! ! we actually end be upgrade to the harbour view suite . so this make our stay even more pleasant . the mtr tin hua stop be just across the road . i would definitely return . ca n't go wrong

