the hotel be very new   thus , all facility be new and superb

i stay in this hotel on the weekend for a total of   week from nov to dec . i use hong kong as a hub to visit the neighbour country

this be my last post in china before go home . i choose this one because the other one be booked . this hotel be beautiful from outside and inside . nice decoration and be a tall building . the view from the exchange floor   be nice

when my family and i , and some family friend go to hongkong for a vacation , this be the hotel that the travel agency have book for us . in fairness , we be not disappoint at all . the hotel itself be really modern chic , and i totally love the elegant cut edge interior of the hotel lobby . the rooms be huge , the bed be huge , and it have a great view of the skyline hongkong . the bathroom have glass windows so while you 're take your shower , you still can enjoy the view . unfortunately , it be quite far from the main hongkong area where you can find all the night market , and from other tourist destination so you have to spend more for your cab fares . but still there be quite some high end mall surounding the area that offer some high end shopping . it be a really great hotel , the downside though be its location , but overall , it be a nice experience stay there

i stay here three night while transit in hk , and i be really surprise by this hotel ! it 's a   * hotel next to the tsung wan convention center same building at it 's huge ! it 's too big   like somebody else observe   to give you a   * service , and on top of that it 's very new and the facility be still under construction read swim pool and gym . still , at   euro per night i wo n't complain ! rooms be modernly decorate , and be big ! you have kettle and slipper , no bathrobes . view be breathtaking i have a room at the   floor ! ! , especially over the bay

this hotel have   and   star rating depend where you look , but because of its enormous size , there be little chance of get any kind of   star service . our room be more like an apartment it be so big , on the   floor at the corner of the building with fantastic view of the harbour . the hotel be clean and very comfortable , but lack warmth , with so many guest rooms you may feel a little detach from the staff . the restaurant on the   floor be nice , but there do n't appear to be a bar for regular drink and snack

we have a great stay here . stay here from oct   ,   arrive at around   we not have any problem checking in . the receptionist be friendly and helpful . we book it via octopus travel

i stay in this hotel on the weekend for a total of   week from aug to sept . i use hong kong as a hub to visit the neighbour country

we love the whole place except for the lobby person who be very rude to me when we run late for our departure flight pick up    he could have politely say that our bus already leave but instead he arrogantly put up his wristwatch point out to me that we be so late    we wo n't ask him to drive us to the airport anyway  

this be a great hotel stay . the rooms be huge and the bathroom be gorgeous with a bathtub , and shower look out onto the room . very clean . the hotel be right across the street from a mall , and other shopping areas . walk distance to the subway . computer with free internet in the lobby . really like the hotel

we stay ten days there because of the attractive price . the location be not good , face a smelly wet market and remotely locate in an industrial area . the room be ok . but definitely not   standard . the floor be not carpeted . so if somebody upstairs or in neigboring rooms move their bed or chair , there will be annoy noise in late night . i can not tolerate that !

my room be spotless , large and stylish i love the deep bath from which i could watch tv or just enjoy the view , but the toilet cubicle within the very large bathroom be so tiny i have to leave the door open ! this be only the case for my room , my parent 's room next door be lay out much better . also , there be no hot water in the shower although there be in the bath ? ? ! !

i book this hotel for my honeymoon . buy voucher from travel agent after get mostly positive information about this hotel from trip advisor

an excellent centre for host a conference where all delegate can be accomodated at the same place . the rooms offer an excellent view of the water front and be very comfortable and

my partner and i stay here for   night in october last year . the hotel itself can not be fault , service be excellent and you get free internet access in the lobby area . the location be n't great but the hotel run a shuttle bus service to the centre fairly regularly . on arrival we be give a free upgrade to a harbour view room on the   floor , the view be amazing . the food in the restaurant be nice and reasonably priced . would definately recommend this hotel to others who be on a budget but do n't want to sacrifice quality

i stay in this hotel with my whole family for   days . we be upgrade to an ocean view room and on the   floor . we enjoy our staying . the location be surround by shopping mall and traditional market place . you find things with good price compare to the city core tourist area . we travel different place mostly with the bus , where the bus station be right next to the hotel . there be other transportation option include van and mtr . the room be spacious and the cleaning lady be very kind . we will definitely pick this hotel again for our next trip to hk

nice hotel . be not finish when we be stay there , so we get a reduce price . great area as well local fresh market and restrants . for fruit you could not go wrong . we stay for   days with my parent in law . the only problem be the distance from central , but the hotel do put on a bus service into and out of downtown kowloon

good value   star hotel with interesting rate . although it be a bit out of night crowd like mongkok    , but it be worth stay in this hotel . free internet in the lobby . nice view of hotel surround , from top . shopping mall be just accross the street where you can find plenty of choice include kfc     

we stay at tthis hotel for ten days over the christmas period . i consider that it represent excellent value and the room we have   floor be certainly large enough for our family   adult plus one   year old daughter . we sleep well very good size bed find the hotel quiet on our floor but expect noise in the lobby because of large amount of guest . we do not eat in the hotel,but there be a large shopping centre just across the road , and another two with five minutes walk . explore the area ,interesting and lively at night ,safe and in the adjoin park watch the dancing class in the evening . would stay there again with no hesitation

realy lovely hotel , big rooms and a lovely view , it be very clean well look after , we do not have breakfast included good rate as still some work go on around the area

we stay at this hotel for christmas new year   i be a little sceptical at first upon reading some of the review because the quality of the hotel seem to be too good for the price i be go to pay aud     per night . in a few words , if you be look for a very good quality hotel at a good price   do it   you wo n't be disappoint

before we check in to l hotel , we be in hotel jen locate in western district on the hk island . we be in a standard room and our room face block of old building . so when we walk into our seaview room in the l hotel , boy , weren ‚ Ä ô t we impress ! our room be on the   level , just one down from the top level in tower   the room size be generous , have a magnificent seaview include part of the tsing ma bridge ‚ Ä ì all for the price of   the bathroom have a shower and a big nice tub . the only thing be the glass shower screen which look into the bedroom and the other way round . this may ‚ Ä ú compromise ‚ Ä ù your privacy a bit if you be travel with someone other than your bedside partner ! it have internet pc in the lobby which be available for use by hotel guest foc

you can see when you arrive at their lobby that its a new hotel with contemporary decoration . reception staff not smile at all and not friendly . try to call from the room once and a guy answer in sleepy voice . they just provide one key in each room . we ask for an extra key for our convenience since we have two suite but the reception guy tell me that they only provide one and answer me that we will just open the door for you if you need an extra key . ? ! ? when we insist , they say we need to pay   dollar in case we lose it . for a five star hotel , at least provide two key and this should not be an issue

book my harbour view room for   night thru booking com , come out to be like     usd a night . the hotel itself construction be complete , but the business center and shopping mall part be not . the room be very big compare to typical hk hotel room . the bedroom be kind of strange   yeah the glass wall look nice , but not very practical when you try to sleep and your wife and kid want to take a bath and keep the light on . watch out for the shower because the drain be not design to drain quick enough if you turn the shower on full blast . a safe , a fridge , a coffee pot be provide free of charge , and there 's international plug not a transformer though available right below the plasma tv , but the provide hairdryer use that plug too  another thing to keep you awake when they be do take a bath . service have be prompt when i need them to open door for me . one thing that i would like to see improvement on be internet access . they charge     hkd an hour or     hkd a day if you want to use the ethernet port in your room . if you want free internet , you must use their   computer setup for you at the lobby . but there 's always couple of kid down there play internet game and hog up all the computers . they should have restrict access to computer to   person per room or setup a free wifi access point at the lobby so people can get some work done . transportation be very good   the back side of the building be   bus terminal , and a   min walk get you to the tsuen wan west mtr station . several bridges still under contruction will take you directly to the shopping mall across the street . overall a very good experience , will likely stay with them again next time

we stay at this hotel for one nite the corner room be much bigger and facility better so if possible,choose corner room all the hotel sparkle new though i be disappoint that there be no buffet breakfast we reserve thru travel agent,i do n't notice there be no breakfast  the sea view be great from our corner room

  star hotel in hong kong for     per night ! i could not find anything slightly comparable for family for under     per night

this be my second stay at the hotel follow a good experience in may   the hotel 's facility still be not open yet , like the business center and the pool area . they do add a few more computer down in the lobby that provide free internet but they be pratically always occupied . i have have to wait for a turn quite a few times . staff be pretty courteous and helpful .

stay   night in october   half term . rooms be comfortable harbour view fantastic but not 'the harbour'

because they be still in the process of building the hotel , we get an excellent price for a room on one of the top floor with amazing view over the harbour . despite the fact that they be still build the hotel , the building work do not bother us at all . the space in the room be very well think out , everything look modern and work well . our ownly problem with the hotel be that there be nowhere in the hotel to hang out and get a drink although presumably this will change . the hotel be quite far from the centre of hk , but it be very easy and speedy to get where you want to go . all in all , a very pleasant stay in the type of hotel i could not normally afford

i stay in this new hotel with my family for   night in january   and we wish we have longer we go to hk disneyland hotel after this for the child ‚ Ä ô s treat . the pool be not ready it be a bit chilly for that anyway in january , but they give us a magnificent harbour view room , the breakfast be excellent and the hotel check in , check out process one of the fastest ever . the mtr be just next door to this hotel , there be good food market around the area in the morning sell all type of fresh fruit , veges , etc and shopping centre , etc and the public fitness park next door be good to walk around and lots of swing and playground equipment for child

lhotel be a new hotel at be still be built,so at the moment it be a very good price the rooms be very nice and well think out our toilet be leak all over the floor and we report it everyday,but it be still not fix when we check out the staff at reception,bell boys,housekeeping and doorman be so helpful and happy the same can not be say with the breakfast     of the staff there never have a smile for guests thier uniform be often very dirty,if you finish one course they would lie your dirty knife and fork on your place mat,so what ever your second course be it would taste of the first,no what i expect for a   star resort the asistant manger contact me,the night before i be leave to say how sorry he be about the staff and leak toilet and offerd me a late check out free of charge,but i be leave early when i go to check out the next day i be tell they be very sorry about the things that have go wrong and i do not have to pay my internet bill,which be     be a nice touch the other staff in the hotel be very nice they must just sort out the breakfast room and its staff,as they really let the hotel down the hotel os very easy to get to buy airport bus,or you can take a taxi and that costs     hk,for shopping it be also very easy,you just take thier underground subway system from just out side the

my second stay at this hotel . notice alot more new staff be add . definitely more guest than my previous one and can see that their business be pick up . check in be still pretty much efficient despite arrive much earlier we also enjoy the privilege of check out late at   for our evening flight without any extra charges . rooms be keep tidy and spotlessly clean . also,guests at the hotel be well behaved

i stay at the l'hotel nina for   days at the beginning of dec

l'hotel nina have nice big rooms , overlook victoria harbour , but it be actually in new territory , so it be a long way from nathan road and all the attractiions there . there be   metro stop from tsuen wan where the hotel be to tsim tsa shui , which be where lots of tourist start their holiday the space museum , star ferry pier , nathan road shopping , etc

i agree with the     location , location    reviewer , this hotel get a zero for location . it take   to   minutes to most attraction and transfer or transfer between different form of transportation be often necessary . i be familiar with the street of hong kong and kowloon , but it do not help . other than a few small local shop and a wet meat and fish market , there be absolutely nothing around there

stay on previous hk trip in kowloon bp international , but this time want a different hong kong experience and book l ¬ ¥ hotel nina for   night despite the fact that the hotel be not ready yet . there be construction work go on in the other tower e .g . swim pool not ready yet plus a building site next door , but this cause only minor disturbance . we like the hotel very much

i have to be in hong kong twice over a three week period this past july . my book be for a one night stay at the end of trip , to catch a flight out in the early am . i book this hotel as it be extremely cheap by hong kong standard     usd . it for only one night and the proximity to the airport be a plus . i think at the onset of my trip to hk i should check this hotel out as there be only a couple of review thus far       i am glad i did . it take what seem an eternity to get there by mtr . the station be immense brand new in tsuen wan . i then walk as the previous reviewer state around   minutes before enter the lobby . total time from start to finish be   minutes to reach kowloon ! ! ! there be no signage to the main entrance of the hotel from the street ? ? ? ? i find it difficult to find . there be nothing around the hotel       just locally own store and a few small restaurants . the hotel be still in the midst of construction . i find the staff level of english proficiency to be very poor ! the pool and gym be both unavailable . if your book strictly on the basis of price over anything else , i would say go for it . otherwise , your best to think twice ! the location be a major problem ! ! ! ! ! it get a   out of   for convienience . the hotel be clean     new but , that 's about it . you can do alot better for not much more money elsewhere . not too mention the location would be a huge improvement over this       its safe to assume i cancel my book and spend the extra and stay at langham place . my third time there , highly recommend it . it 's more expensive but , the location , facility , service can not be beat

we stay   night at l'hotel nina . at check in we be give an upgrade to a harbour room view , all for the price of usd   per night . the room be very spacious , with a deep bathtub and separate shower . the view be superb . the lobby be very modern and the staff be very helpful and polite . this hotel be locate   min from the center of hong kong

stay   night at l'hotel nina et convention center locate in tsuen wan from     book   city view rooms from hotel de website . room cost hk     about us     include buffet breakfast . we be give an upgrade to harbour view rooms . request and get non smoking rooms even though we check in around midnight

we have just return from this hotel , the room be fantastic . we have a sea view on the   floor . we book the hotel with gt hotel they advertise the hotel as be on hong kong island . we be initially a little disappoint in the location as the hotel be in new kowloon border the new territory , the hotel be   on the mtr to central station      however the quality of the hotel more than make up for this . breakfast be a little odd as with all hotel in china , however this be include in the room rate . there be still construction work go on as the second tower be not yet complete , we could not hear or see anything at all from our room . the airport be only half an hour from the hotel , take a taxi to tsing yi     and the mtr to the airport     per person . overall i would recommend the hotel but be prepare to use public transport to get around

we enjoy our stay here and would recommend this hotel . it be still a work in progress but our floor be fine . the hotel staff be nice , helpful and very polite . this be our first visit to hong kong so i be concern with the room size . we have ask for an upgrade to a harbourview room and the request be granted . the room size be more than adequate and we feel it be as big as hotel rooms in the u .s . we have a safe in the room along with a hair dryer and small refridgerator . there be   queen size bed that be very hard ! this do not bother us though , but what be strange be the lack of an alarm clock . t .v . be fine but not much to watch , but who need that when you be in such a wonderful city ? the bathroom be fine and if you check our picture you will see that it be seperated by a glass wall . if you want to you could take a bath and look out your window for a view . it have a large and deep tub and the whole room be rather modern

