lan kwai fong hotel locate on kau u fong , central area in hongkong be a tall business hotel

stay at this hotel for   night in august   staff be extremely friendly and service be excellent . excellent location . be able to easily walk to place in central like queens st . the rooms be very tastefully decorated . great view of the harbour and ferry from the room . room service be excellent . we return for one more night after come back from japan and the hotel upgrade us to a two bedroom suite which be extremely kind of them . would definitely recommend this hotel . best boutique hotel in hong kong

this be a great boutique hotel on the hk island side . it 's close to everything . the rooms be small but not as small as i think it would be . it 's comfortable , clean and very nicely decorated . great use of mirror to make the rooms not so claustrophobic . love the little window seats altho i have no time to enjoy it . there be many business ppl stay there when i be there as i guess it be close to all the offices . it 's all you need if you be in town for a holiday and not spending time in the room . would use this hotel again

have book with trailfinders everything go like clock work . make our own way from airport on the mtr train to hong kong station where we be pick up by the free shuttle bus to the hotel . we arrive during the day so this be a good option . if you want to get a taxi it 's about hk     the reception desk area be only small but we have no problem with this either checking in or checking out , there be a lounge at the side where you can sit and wait for the shuttle bus or your taxi . we have a checkout time of   which be great as we have a   flight . we opt for breakfast which be buffet style with a very good choice of fruit , cereal , pastry , meat  cheese cook breakfast or chinese breakfast . the staff work in there be especially nice despite the rudeness and arrogance of some of the other guest , not everyone want to hear how quickly you need your coffee as you have an important business meeting to attend ! we order room service twice late at night this be very good and well price , have the satay chicken and udon noodle , very nice . the room be very clean and we have fruit and a bottle of wine on our arrival , it be my birthday and they upgrade us to a harbour view room from a city delux room without our ask for this . we be on the   floor the lift be fine and we do n't have to wait more than a couple of min for this there be never any delay and the lift be quick , yes it be small but there be   lift and be people really in such a rush that they ca n't wait ? the room have an amazing view especially at night room   it 's not a full harbour view as the hotel be n't on the front of the harbour , but what we see be great . the location be perfect , it 's busy during the day couple of min walk to the tram and bus and   walk to the star ferry , hotel be situate close to the cosco building so this be a good landmark if you get lost . at night it 's much quieter and it 's nice to leave the busy street behind . so many things to do in hk , the tram and the ferry be a good very cheap way to get about the tram be hk     for any distance so have a supply of coin ready . the ferry be also cheap buy your token from the machine before you get on . take a good pair of comfy shoes and just walk , there be something unusual around every corner . visit the peak at night and during the day . go to lantau island and climb up   steps to see the buddha and have lunch at the monastry . vist hong kong park and he zoological garden . look up and see the black eared kite that circle the city , especially the windows of the   floor . we have a brilliant trip and hope to come back next year , would stay at the hotel again . best thing about hk  is the people , polite and very helpful  

we find the receptionist very helpfuf and friendly . the location be excellent close to soho and very easy to reach from the airport . we have a harbour view room and the view be just great ! the room be comfortable

i am write this review late . i stay here when it first opened . awesome view of the peak and great location to soho and ifc . the hotel service be excellent and they have my bag carry up to my room per concierge

stay twice at this boutique hotel , have a pleasant stay both times . i have opt to book a deluxe city view room both times

a buddy and i be recently visit a friend live in hong kong he 's an expat banker who put us up in the lan kwai fong hotel since it 's two block from his flat which be too small to house us and a fair price . we have a room on a higher floor which have a terrific view of the financial district . the staff at the hotel be very attentive and greet us warmly each time we enter the hotel

this be a great little boutique hotel in the centre of hong kong . conveniently locate near the metro station and shop

my husband andi enjoy our stay at lkf hotel very much . beautiful rooms with excellent view of the harbor , especially at night when all the bldgs be lit up . all the furnishing and bathroom be beautifully appoint and well stocked . people at the front desk be always very helpful and recommend place for breakfast , since we do not get the breakfast option . we just think that be too expensive . this be in an ideal location and easily accessible to public transport and walk to several sites . excellent

stay in this hotel for three night in august   during our summer holidays . as we be stay for three night the hotel upgrade us from a harbour view room to a superior harbour view room on   floor lift go up to   floor , room number   the room be excellent with a large , very comfortable double bed and tasteful oriental style furniture . the large window face the harbour provide great view

stay here a total of fourteen night in past four months    would definitely recommend to friend and co workers  

we stay here for   night , and it be a definite pleasure . it 's very clean and modern with oriental touches . the rooms be small compare with suburban hotel , but be very cozy . the staff be very helpful and recommend an excellent sushi restaurant around the corner

we recently spend the first and last part of our honeymoon at the lan kwai fong hotel in the lkf district of hong kong . it be perfect for our need , which be simply a nice , clean place to stay in a convenient location in the heart of the city . by far the best attribute of the hotel be its centralize location in the lkf district as well as the value for the money

i have stay here a few times for both business and leisure , and it be really one of the best values in hong kong . location wise , it 's a   minute walk from hong kong station where the airport express train stop ,   minute walk from central ,   minute walk to the tram , and   minute walk to hollywood rd soho bars and restaurants . the rooms be quite small , but very clean and stylish   the amenities be excellent   the staff be friendly and helpful   and the breakfast buffet be quite nice

i stay at this hotel for three night prior to a cruise

for about ¬ £   per night this hotel be great . i spend a long time research hotel on hk island and most , if not all be incredibly expensive ! the lan kwai fong have a fantastic location and i would definitely return for the price . the rooms however be very small , but clean and functionable . also have a very small gym

i make reservation a few month before my stay as it be a special event and i want everything to be perfect . vanessa chung from the sales department be very attentive to my request , communicate very well and be very professional and thorough in make sure all go well . my guest be delight , the staff be very good , great attitude and helpful . an absolutely delightful stay , the rooms be small but that 's hong kong but very well appoint especially for female guests . it 's it cozy and with great details such as ipod dock station in our suite . the neighborhood be fun and very typical , with lots of funky shop and local stalls , quiet and yet very close to everything

better than i expected . upmarket location . try     catch a deal with them by book a little early . must take the harbour view rooms .   usd be a great deal . eat around the hotel . lot of nice place

what a lovely room and what a lovel decor    this place have amazing decor   

a trip to hong kong on business . my colleague and i initially think we be go to be stay at the lkf by rhombus , but it transpire that we be go to be at the lan kwai fong hotel , just off aberdeen street . i be slightly apprehensive give the traveller photo on tripadvisor , as the hotel look to be 'off the beaten track ' and the rooms look , well , peculiar . however , it be fortuitous that we be stay at this hotel as the lkf by rhombus be adjacent to the bars in lan kwai fong . i ‚ Ä ô m surprise that anyone within close proximity have a decent night ‚ Ä ô s sleep due to music blare out from the assortment of bars as they compete for custom

see as it be my partner 's birthday while we be in hong kong , we decide to spend a bit more and have a plusher hotel . we enjoy our stay . our rate be business at pleasure which mean we get a cheaper price plus a bowl of fruit ! and a free massage throw in . our room be on the   floor which give good view and there be a big window seat so we could sit and watch the goings on in hong kong . the room be big , but the bathroom disproportionately small . the double bed be quite small too . i am     and my foot be right off the bottom ! the breakfast be good   extensive and a good choice , plus a chinese option too . staff be fantastic . nothing be too much trouble , and there 's a lot of them , so they all rush to help . location be good , away from the cbd but still in easy walk distance and in an area which feel authentically chinese rather than the corporate hk down the road . the free shuttle bus to and from the airport express train station be fantastic . they call us a cab for another trip and write the destination in chinese for us to give to the driver   very helpful . our only real gripe be you have to pay for internet , and it 's quite expensive . for the kind of hotel it be , and for the price you pay , you 'd expect it to be include   especially in such a technological city . overall i would n't say we go away feeling we have value for money because it be still quite a lot compare to the same standard of hotel in other city , but on the other hand we do n't feel we 'd overpaid either

stay for   night to do sightsee in hk . room be on the small side but perfectly adequate and be clean , comfortable and well equipped . be a harbour view room but about     of view be restrict by other building so should have be call 'partial harbour view' . hotel recetion and lounge area be very small and it can be crowd when several people checking in out . shuttle bus to and from station be very good . main beef be the exorbitant price charge for breakfast   definitely worth a walk to local cafes . location of hotel be good for star ferry , see local culture and many good shopping centre

we have just spend a wonderful   night in this hotel . the staff be very attentive and helpful during our stay

centrally locate hotel . and as the name suggest , its very close to the lan kwai fong street for hardcore party

the design be unique and comfortable . my friend and i enjoy to stay in the room very much

this hotel be very impressive on the internet . you will be greet by a lovely reception , then it ends . i have place visitor to hk in this hotel about   times and every single time there be an issue . either they overcharge tax , they charge double for internet , or they refuse to move guest to better rooms after the rooms be not clean . overall , the rooms be crazy small and be terribly dirty . the whole room situation be a disaster

the wife and i stay for four night as a base to explore hong kong . our first visit to hk , we have debate whether to stay on the island , or kowloon side , and use trip advisor to help make up our mind . we certainly make the right choice . this hotel offer pretty good value as it go in hk , and the location be just great . hong kong island be definitely the best place to base yourself , and this hotel be at the centre of it all , with an excellent range of friendly bars and restaurant nearby , and most of the island 's shopping within walk distance . nearest mtr station be   minutes walk down the hill , but the better connect central station be no more than   minutes walk . star ferry , peak tramway , mid level escalator etc all within walk distance

very elegant and classy boutique hotel in hk . small but tasteful deorated room

recently i go on a vacation to hong kong and stay in lan kwai fong hotel . the first impression of the hotel room be very clean , tidy and warm . the location of the hotel be perfect , i can easily gain access to restaurant , shopping spots and clubs . night life in hong kong be great fun ! the staff in lan kwai fong hotel be very friendly and helpful as well , they try their best to show me what activity be good in hong kong , what transport to take and where to go . they make my trip more interesting and i discover all sort of amazing hong kong life style . i would highly recommend this hotel cause it be just about everything you need

very elegant hotel , though standard rooms be very small   no space to put away large suitcases . clean . like the interior decoration . location be excellent for hong kong central hip boutique and restaurants . reception staff friendly but not very useful . there be no heat in my room and since temperature be   degree c , i complain , phone housekeep , but nothing happen , have to go down to reception , who react impassively until someone with more authority arrived . eventually get an electric heater . but housekeep react to complaint about defective drainage from washbasin immediately and repair in record time . good breakfast , good lunch and snack menu . dine room adjoins beautiful cover terrace decorate with giant bamboo . recommend you check there be heat or air conditioning if go winter or summer before you book

great place to stay . small room , but so comfort , well decorate and great location in hk island

i have no idea what to expect with this hotel . it be my first trip to hong kong and the most important thing to me be the location rather than the quality of the hotel , however this be a   * so think it would fine

ahh , after seven or eight trip to hk , at last i have find my hong kong hideaway

my wife and i spend   night last week at the lan kwai fong hotel and find it a delightful experience . we have a harbour view room on the   floor and whereas the view be not unobstructed there be still plenty to see on the water and across to kowloon on the other side . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful from those at the front desk , to the breakfast room staff and the nice lady who clean our room every morning while we be at breakfast . speak of breakfast it be very good . serve until   good variety include freshly make omelette to order and good quality tea and coffee . we have never be in hong kong before but enjoy it immensely . lovely friendly people , efficient and cheap public transport and a sense of feeling very safe even walk around at night . the hotel be in a great location very handy for most things , include shop and restaurant , while still quiet at night . a   minute walk to the star ferry via the elevate walkway . slightly shorter via the same route to the main bus terminus and also near to central mtr metro

stay here as part of a deal package so do n't really choose the hotel , but it be fine

i be truly delight with the lan kwai fong hotel . the room standard , city view be definitely small , but very elegant . there be so many thoughtful amenities  nice soaps , shave gear , toothbrush     toothpaste , bathrobes , slipper , fruit plate upon arrival , in room safe , dimmer switch on the bedside light , etc . a lot of think have be give to guest ' comfort and convenience

this be a good average price hotel . the rooms be small but that be normal for hong kong as land be expensive . the location be great to see the site of central hong kong and the main shopping areas . from this location you be close to the funicular railway which take you to the top of victoria peak which have the best view of the city and harbor

we want a good quality hotel for our   night stay in hk at the end of our hectic trip back to the uk . though by far not the cheapest hotel on hk island most definitely the best value for money in a very central location . easy access to ferry , market , tram and shopping . the room be gorgeous , lovely view , lovely decor and very comfortable bed . the staff be fantastic . they organise a great baby cot for my   year old and be attentive to my husband and i without be intrusive . my son love the staff and they be so friendly to him , we feel so welcome . the place have a great little dine area , not the biggest menu but good food and drink , again the staff be lovely

this be a chic , clean     modern hotel , centrally locate , with oriental decor throughout . the boy on the desk be very welcome , helpful     friendly bless them , as be the staff in the bar     restaurant . the rooms be compact , but have a very luxurious feel   ours have a harbour view which be stunning day     night . the hotel be locate in soho , which be a cool     happen area just south of central station , which have plenty of great bars , restaurant     shop , as well as the antique market . behind you the hill with the zoo     botanical garden     the peak , below you the bustle of central     the piers . less than a five minute walk to the tram , this be a great hotel in a fantastic location

if location be key , then this be the hotel for you . you be close to a lot of nightlife and the mid level escalators . close to soho and lan kwai fong neighborhoods . amenities be ok , except that the bathroom soaps be too small . we get   sliver of soaps . the room itself be also very small . this hotel be slightly over     with taxes service , which happen to be relatively inexpensive for this central area . get what u pay for

visit hong kong last month and stay at a hotel call lan kwai fong   kau e fong

if you stay only for one or two night in hk this hotel be a very good choice . central location , just by the antique 's street my favorite spot in hong kong . the staff welcome you in a kindly way , be quick   wich help !   and efficent . rooms be really tiny little , but accurate and clean . anyway if you stay all day out around , the size of the room be not a priority . bathroom need to be mention , they be small but they be really a little trasure of design and style . the breakfast be set in a nice terrace , with a cool and detail atmosphere . a nice cozy hotel for a very reasonable price . for a longer stay in hong kong probably you go at peninsula   time more expensive but for if we will overnight again in hk we will come back

nice , new , boutique hotel in central hong kong . rooms be clean and comfortable , staff be very friendly and helpful . they give me direction , map , etc . and arrange for early morning taxi service for me

this hotel be tuck away in the old part of central , surround by low rise traditional hong kong building and street market and steps away from the mid level escalotor and five minutes walk from soho

on hong kong island , the lang kwai fong be superbly situate for explore all aspect of this fascinating city . the     wet market    be only metre away , queen 's road a two minute walk , restaurant and bars abound in the vicinity . the rooms be immaculately well present , and by hong kong standard be a good size . the staff could n't be more helpful and be very keen to ensure that all your need be met . i really enjoy my stay here , and it soon become     home      a great place from which to explore hong kong   and be comfortable . i would come back here any time

arrive late and exhaust in hong kong without have book a hotel and after get to central hong kong be kindy point in the direction of the lan kwai hotel by the staff at the four season

i mistook this hotel for the lkf by rhombus which a friend have recommended . but it be only for   night , so i stick by the reservation

this be a nice boutique hotel in a great location for central hong kong , it be locate on a one way street and as mention in other report taxis may try to drop you off at the bottom of the street leave you to walk or struggle up to the hotel with your bags . however , taxis be very cheap so tell the driver to take you round the block and drive down the road , it might take some time if the roads be busy but it will only add a few dollar to your journey

the picture of the hotel on the wesite do not show actual size . hotel rooms be very very small and u can not fit more than one big bag . the location near lan kwai fong be a plus but take taxi costs u a lot and thier shuttle bus run only after one hour so u only have to take a taxi

would have give the hotel a higher rating be it not for the fact that we be accuse on arrival of be a day late and be tell we would have to pay for the     no show    . luckily i have keep all my e mail correspondence with the hotel and it be a mistake on their part . other than this and a linger smell of cigarette smoke outside our room everything here work fine . good value for a hk hotel and this must be about the best area one could stay on the island   wlking distance of almost everything . the rooms be clean and everything worked . we get a better rate from the hotel direct than we get from agent   but not pay for breakfast   many local restaurant and cafe nearby at a fraction of the price

i stay here for my last night in hong kong

this hotel be a real dump  

boutique hotel , only seven rooms per floor . book a business   pleasure special     plus     tax and service with a ‚ Ä ú deluxe harbor view room ‚ Ä ù . room   have maybe two sliver of harbor view . our travel companion score the   floor , with a balcony , and a real harbor view for the same price but a tiny , tiny room . we try to get higher and look at our same room on the   floor and it be no better . don ‚ Ä ô t bother with a ‚ Ä ú deluxe harbor view ‚ Ä ù price . very small rooms , desk , one chair , mini bar , safe , kleenex , wash cloth , nice towel , bathtub with two great showers . room light very dim , lamp on each side of the bed but control by a switch on one side of the bed

we stay at the lan kwai fong as a stop over for   night in hong kong on our honeymoon to australia

i stay at the lan kwai fong hotel last december . i be a bit apprehensive to stay there because of several negative review which i have read after the book have be made . when i arrive in central , i have to look for the hotel because the airport transfer service which i book do not drop me off in front of the hotel . luckily , the hotel be locate about   minutes away from the main street . i be greet by very courteous people from the front desk . service be prompt and i be lead to my room which feature this charming oriental theme . the room size be just right . even if i have bring a companion , i do n't think it would be too cramped . i also like the bathroom . one of my concern before the trip be the availability of hot water in the shower . i am glad i do n't have a problem with that . overall , my stay have be a pleasant one . i would n't hesitate to stay there again if i have business to attend to in the central area

it be a great budget hotel in the most fun part of hk . fantastic location with easy access to the central . great restaurant and shopping as well

we have decide tot celebrate new year 's eve in hong kong and have already book a room in the lan kwai fong hotel when we read the negative hotel review on trip advisor . we be extremely worry about what to find upon arrival , especially the lack of hygiene cause me sleepless night

note  there be two hotel in hong kong by the same name . this one be just off of wellington st , on aberdeen . it 's a   minute walk from the lkf nightclub area

love this hotel , one of the be accomodations ive stay in asia . usually we 're not     hotel people    and we spend time only in the hotel for sleep , but at lkf hotel we enjoy the facilites there so much that we spend more time in the hotel than originally plan , which mean sacrifice other activies but no complain from us there

we know we be on to a bad deal when we note the reaction of the first few local we come into contact with as soon as we mention that we be stay in the     lan kwai fong hotel    . extortionate and overprice be two adjective use among tuts of dissaproval

be theft a problem here

the only plus to the place be the central location 

i be stay frequently in hk for business and usually choose hotel in the price range up to     . this time i be on a vacation with my girlfriend , so i choose a higher price hotel with a nice harbor view . my room at the hotel be the deluxe room with harbor view ,   us   + + a night , incl . breakfast

i have bed bug bite in room   i seriously question the sanitary of this hotel . do n't stay there if you have other option

the lan kwai fong hotel more than meet our expectation of a hong kong hotel

so   

i 'll definitely stay here again . the location be great . it 's within walk distance of the lan kwai fung and soho nightlife areas . the hotel staff be very friendly . i could n't have be happier with my room . it be decorate so nicely and be very comfortable . the mini bar and high speed internet make it convenient for work . i do n't think they have room service though which would have be nice . there be a restaurant and a workout room in the hotel . i love it because of the location and the comfortable rooms

the bed be so hard i wake up in pain every night . the floor be literally softer than the bed ! problem be the rooms be so small that you can not find the floor after you put your suitcase on it

lan kwai fong hotel be not a boutique hotel . yet , it be a good choice for budget hotel if you must stay at lan kwai fong area , hong kong 's bar and nightlife mecca

great location for a short stay in hong kong . a short walk from the ferry terminal and ifc mall together with the bars of soho

amazing tower in the middle of traditional hong kong . rooms small but perfect . nice furniture , nice people . you get for your money . it 's not a budget hotel but it be better than other more expensive . a real boutique hotel

just ok . stay   days on business . room nicely decorate , interesting urban view , quiet . good tv , fridge , etc . small ish but that 's typical in hk . room service menu pretty limited   just snacks . service be where they drop points . very slow to respond to requests . then housekeep manage to remove and misplace one of my item despite my specific request they not do any cleaning   inadvertent but still a hassle . when i ask for a cab to the airport , the bellman just pile all my stuff on the public sidewalk and then disappear to help somebody else

all around bad experience at the lan kwai fong hotel   extremely small rooms , it say queen bed but it be a hard double bed   clueless reception staff   at what they call their cafe restaurant bad slow service   extremely slow internet and very very expensive   staff try to steel from the room at check out , i have to confront the manager for my miss camera case for it to suddenly miraculously reappear   they say they have a shuttle to pick you up and bring you to the airport express but it be out of commission whatever that mean   the only good thing about this hotel be the central location but that 's it . my advice   stay somewhere else

this hotel be great . close to everything   only a   min walk to bars of lan kwai fong but far enough away to not have any noise , and also only   min to central . the rooms be a bit on the small side but it be hong kong ! the rooms be beautifully decorate in a chinese japanese theme and the staff be very helpful

this charming little boutique hotel be in a great location just a short walk from downtown central . i stay with my boyfriend who be visit for the weekend and we be very impress with the room and the service for the price . the contemporary asian decor be fabolous , i have previously stay in the mandarin oriental and actually find it quite similar ! very quiet and cozy . the design and overall ambience make up for the smaller size of the rooms . a perfect choice for your first visit to hong kong because of it 's tasteful style and great location

my wife and i stay at the lan kwai fong hotel on our honeymoon and we absolutely love it . they make excellent use of space the rooms be quite small , but be to be expect in hong kong , and the interior design be quite nice for the money . the room be clean and the staff helpful . it 's a tall skinny hotel about oh   story tall or so , but i think there 's only like   or   rooms on each floor . i read another review on here that say it 's not technically lan kwai fong which i have think too when i be stay there . it 's just a few minutes walk away though , and this would n't be a reason not to stay here . you 're just far enough away from the hustle and bustle of central , but it 's quite accessible by foot . we walk into central all but the times we check in and out

