we have a ten night stay at this amazing and wonderful hotel . the staff make us feel like we at home or even better than home . very helpful and courteous . though the room be small , the amenities make up for it . comfortable blissful bed , large flat screen television , rain showerhead be all great . even better be the fitness center and swim pool with one of the best locker rooms i have ever be in

huge rooms , great bed , fabulous service . great buffet . they have quad share rooms which be queen and two single beds . there be   in our travel family so we fit into   rooms instead of have to book   so even though the rooms be a little pricey they be huge and well appointed . everyone be comfortable in a proper bed no rollaways needed . close to the lady markets . a bit of a pain to negotiate the langham place shopping centre to get to the subway train as always seem pack with people

have stay here twice and recommend the visit . staff be very well train and quite friendly , even take the time to assist my poor cantonese . only eat breakfast at the hotel , however it be more than satisfactory

already have high expectation base on previous tripadvisor reviews . these be exceeded . we have a sweet place suite which work well as we be travel with our   year old son   who effectively have his own room . as well as an extra room and bathroom this give us access to the lounge . the rooms and facility be beautiful and the staff unfailingly helpful and polite actually like almost everyone in hk . would certainly recommend lp

we stay at the langham place in mongkok for   night in the middle of december

price below be all in usd equivalent

we arrive early in the morning so leave our luggage with a very efficient concierge whilst set off for a trip to the race sha tin   great way to spend the day if you can spare it

we stay here for   night on our honeymoon and due to suggestion on this site we book a room on the club level . it be probably worth it but we do n't really take advantage of the inclusive afternoon tea and evening snack and wine . that say , we do use the free internet and the gym and rooftop pool . these latter be superb  

we have stay at the langham place hotel now three times , still very happy with the hotel . we normally book the essential place room as it have a separate bath and shower , as well as better view as the rooms be higher up

i stay at this lovely hotel for our honeymoon this past november and i must say my wife and i be extremely impress by the hotel . the hotel ' location be excellent as it afford easy access to the mtr station , shopping and eating . my wife just love it , be able to shop at midnight not so much for me though   . anyhow , we be lucky enough to get upgrade to one of the nicer rooms on the   floor which be absolutely amazing . everything about the room be great and text message via an ip phone be also included . we also use the rooftop pool along with a hot bath soak that they have in the change rooms . while we want to use their spa services , it be a bit pricey , consider you could walk across the street and get the same service for considerably less , albeit the surroundings may not be as nice . but i 'd rather have   services than   in a nicer place  the staff be also very helpful and when we go back next year , we be definitely go to be stay at this hotel again

langham place be so convenient ! it be locate right above the mong kok mtr station

as a business traveller i am stay for more than a   night a year in different hotels . usually i write review only if there 's something go terribly wrong

the hotel be well locate near the mtr . the staff be very helpful and we use the hotel transfer service to and from the airport . the room be clean and well equip on the   floor . it partially overlook the harbour but the night view of hong kong be brilliant ! i ask for a non smoking room when i book which we got . the room be clean and well stock with bathrobes , slipper and toiletries . the staff be all very helpful and we have a very pleasant stay at the hotel

again , i am really suprised by all the amazing reviews . this place be n't that great

after reading the positive review on this site , i book   night in oct   , at   a night without breakfast . a little steep     a night , but i decide to go ahead . we always want to visit china , and on a short notice hongkong island be the choice as indian have visa on arrival . hongkong airport be simply out of the world and huge consider its just an island . we have a little tough time find an atm at the arrival lounge before immigration . immigration be orderly , get a cab ride to mongkok , where the hotel be locate be simple . though its a chinese territory , all sign be in english as well , so get around be very easy . upon arrival to the hotel we be recieved by the bellboy and a lovely usher who escort us to the reception . i have request for an early checkin while booking . the pleasant receptionist do try to sell me a costlier room if i want to check in early . i decline and inform her about request the shift manager personally on the phone for an early check in and be ask to wait a while . there 's the langham place mall connect to the hotel and mongkok have many good place to eat and shop . the mall food court have a nice french deli and a starbucks . we have breakfast while we waited . though i be tell that it could take a couple of hours , to our delight , an hour later the receptionist inform me that she could settle us in on our   floor room . i do request a room high up so we could have a view of the harbour the rooms of standard size but very chic and modernly done . they cater to both business guest and tourists . the huge glass window overlook mongkok and the harbour be a big plus . we be particularly amaze at how brightly the hongkong skyline be lit even late in the night . wonder if they be energy save light   . if you 're in hongkong , you must try out the local street food . there 's a nice dimsum place call the shanghai with english speak server very hard to find in hongkong unless you 're in a premium hotel like the langham place . we once end up walk deep into the street to the famous dimsum tea house for another round of dimsums but they be fully booked . so , when we walk down the street we be show into a street joint with only chinese menu by a loud woman . we land there and no one could speak english . a couple of friendly lady , who speak some english help us choose our noodle soups . the food be yummy and filling . the loud woman wave back at us on our way out and we thank her . the langham place mall have a big food court serve a lot of asian food . the sushi place be amazing . the room service be prompt and very efficient . the best part , water be include in the room charge . the night in hongkong be the best part , and the harbour remind you a lot of new york city . the peak be amazing with the breathtaking view of the hongkong skyline . the sky tower be no great shake instead we decide to take a window seat at the bubba gump shrimp restaurant , munch on our favourite sea food and enjoy the great view of the island . hongkong be alive late into the night with youngster shopping and eat out . people love to eat here and restaurant be always open for business till late in the night . in spite of all the action on the street they be spic and span . no wonder hongkong be the business capital of the east . we would love to go back to the langham place

this be the second time stay at the the langham place mongkok the first time be good in a club place room so think wed give it another go in the same room type arrive early evening at   to be tell my room be not ready at   ! ! ! ! after a long flight through doha from london this be not what i want to hear and have never hear in all my years of travelling . eventually i be find a room at the end of a corridor near the fire escape smell of smoke tv break and bed very hard i be not impress to say the least the hotel be full so no chance of moving . the club lounge now have become a zoo for people just to get as drunk as they can the staff also not as attentive as the first time . the hotel seem to be the cheapest now around for people to stopover on long haul route to austrailia , im afraid to say that i would never stay at the langham place hotel again there be much better around even if it do cost a little more

fantastic   star hotel , with very friendly and knowledgeable staff throughout . it be a palatial place , plenty of room , great facilities . breakfast choice be many , quality superb . we arrive around midnight , very welcome front desk

as long as this hotel be within your budget , there be no need to look at any other option . everything be faultless

i be quite take aback by the many positive comment on this page . so much , in fact , that i rechecked that we be talk about the same hotel

my   layover in hong kong be make extraordinary by this place . it be the most amazing hotel ever . i stay   the club level , and be upgrade to a suite . the food , the drink , the view , the service be magnificent . words fail

the langham place be a fantastic city hotel with great facilities . we stay for   night in november in a club place room . our room be large and comfortanbe and have all the things that a traveller would need

great service , incredible view , mall     subway station connect via cover footpath . the hotel restaurant and bar have great food and wine . could n't ask for anything more , really

absolutely love the langham place , would definitely stay here again ! stay here for four night in a     essential place    room with my wife for our honeymoon

stay at the langham for   nights . have already stay here from when the hotel first open i believe in   or   originally book into the lowest type of room , but when i arrive i realise i should have book the next room up . the reason for this be the lowest type of room have a small tv and share bath shower , where the next level room have a larger   ' plasma and a separate bath and lovely shower with both normal nozzle and rain shower functionality

i have frequent this hotel for the last   years because this hotel be the most affordable         hotel . the accomodation be still great but after   years i could see the difference in service and the physical attributes . first , i still love this hotel for it 's cleanliness and location . the rooms be great size for hk standard , and this time they put me on harbour view side . during the last   times i have be here , they put me on the city view side . besides be smoggy all the time , i still love see the hazy harbour

we stay here in november with my daughter   month and we could not fault the hotel . the staff could not do enough for us and the hotel be spotless . great location near all the market and the underground , there be even a shopping mall attach to the hotel which be great for food

after reading all the rave review on the langham place , i be expect an exceptional hotel . however , when our taxi be approach the hotel around   , i be a little uneasy to learn the area might be a little too     colourful    for us

stay at the langham place put you in the heart of mongkok   arguably the real hong kong . a few minutes walk will take you to the various market   bird , goldfish and lady   with the temple street night market and the jade market be only marginally further on

we be really excite to be stay at langham place , but on arrival our room   be not ready

what a place the langham is . the rooms , while small be very modern and very comfortable . the bed be super soft and the bathroom be fairly roomy with a nice shower , bathtub combination . you can even listen to the television through a speaker while in the bathroom ! the hotel itself be gigantic . the pool and spa be awesome . the pool , locate on the top floor , have panoramic   degree view of hong kong . there be two very nice bars , one on the second floor of the hotel , and the other up top by the pool . the   floor bar serve afternoon tea which be a nice experience . the hotel be connect via a walkway to a mall , which be massive . you can find any kind of food or shop in the mall include a mcdonalds ! the breakfast buffet the hotel serve be horrible , especially for the equivalent of     us a person , but go right through the walkway to the mall you will find a delifrance bakery which have cheap but delicious omelette , breakfast sandwich , and other traditional breakfast options . the hotel 's other restaurant include a very good japanese restaurant , and two chinese restaurant , one which hold two michelin star and the other with one star . while the location be not within walk distance of much , there be a subway station in the mall and to get to central hong kong island where victoria peak and other attraction be , be only four stop from the hotel . there be not a lot of obvious food option outside the mall or hotel so plan your trip accordingly . the hotel be near the lady market which do have several cheap restaurant but other than that , choice be few and far between

what more can i say

love this hotel . location be great as it be away from the madden horde by the water and we get to see a little bit of hk . rooms be well design with great bed . highlight be definitely roof top pool and spa   which be free . hide gem be the hot tub in each of the change rooms . heaven

arrive on a sunday afternoon from the airport the employee at the transfer desk of the hotel be very helpful , although if not on business trip , i would rather take a normal taxi instead of the limo service . personnel in the hotel noticeably kind in a pleasant way , very good english speak at reception no real surprise here

this hotel be amazing ! fantastic staff , good location for shop and get into central but most of all it have the best roof top swim pool with bar and jacquzzi ! also great view from the rooms . it make by stay in hong kong most pleasurable indeed

i be thrill with this hotel ! i wish i could give it   stars . first of all , it be well worth the money to pay for a club room . the club room have assistance with check in and out . when we arrive , they bring us to the club and we have free include in price coffee , cheese plate , and chocolate , along with great views . there be also a small business center there . the club have a couple massage chair and a fish tank . they have a tea and a happy hour . there be   hour food and drink in the club . it be great . you can get breakfast in the club or downstairs . the club breakfast be great , but there be more food downstairs . for breakfast downstairs and some at the club they have fresh juice of all sort   watermelon , carrot . they have noodle , turnip cake , dim sum , along with all the regular stuff . it be amazing . the staff downstairs be just ok , one guy be rude . the hostess be very nice

i stay here with my friend in late september

we stay at the langham place for a week in mid november in the residential suite on the   floor overlook hong kong harbour . the sights be amazing and the room like a home away from home , on a great deal through the hotel website really worth checking the hotel website for any special offer . stay in this suite we we 're entitle to all the     bell     whistles    the hotel offer which really be the cherry on the top and well worth it . the hotel be in the perfect location with easy access to the underground train system to get around and the langham place mall , let alone all the local market where we get some amazing deals . the staff be incredibly helpful and friendly and be always smiling . access to the club l be well worth it , not only in the lounge but also the late check out option and a buffet breakfast included . the lounge have a great selection of drink and snack , be comfortable include the massage chair that be use almost on a daily basis . the price of alchohol through room service be really expensive , rather take a walk to the market place shop in the langham place mall and buy your own for a fifth of the price . would recommend the bubba gump restaurant at the top of the peak on hong kong island and the great budda be amazing

the langham place be a great new hotel well situate down town next to a large shopping centre and close to nathan road , well worth a look i have stay at this hotel on a number of accasions and will continue to go back

this be a top end business tourist hotel on the mainland near the lady marketin mongkok . it have everything you would expect with a few benefit like the rooftop pool and the location in the heart of the action . we stay in a club room which have the benefit of food and drink freely available day and night as well as free internet access . we do n't try the spa as it look pricey and there be a million and one others in hk . the food in the main restaurant be exquisite and breakfast a site to behold , if they have it order the beetroot ravioli

i have stay at lp plenty of times but this be the first time i have stay in a chuan suite . i pick the nirvana suite which be a corner room . they feel a little smaller than the regular suite but i think this be because the bathroom be much much bigger

i have be several times in this hotel and i really enjoy my stay

excellent all round , club floor well worth the extra cost . hk be easy and cheap to get around so location not a massive factor

i just return from   night at the langham place and it certainly do not disappoint . when i book on their website i arrange for a limousine transfer and that be a very civilize way to begin my stay , especially after   hours of travel time . money well spend ! ! the check in be do in room and the     angel    that handle all the paperwork for me be incredibly sweet     patient especially in deal with my jetlagged brain

we stay in langham place on our way back from a show in china for one night and we wish it have be longer . the rooms themselves be not massive but they be fine for all the time spend in them , they be clean with very modern gadgets . the location be great for get a feel of hong kong away from tourist   there be fantastic market in the area which be well worth a walk around . the staff be very friendly particularly elaine who greets you at reception   the bar and restaurant staff be very polite and helpful . the greatest thing about this hotel be the food , the dinner and breakfast buffet be fantastic and worth every penny . so much choice and it all taste great . we have a quick walk around the gym , spa and rooftop pool and they look great   we will definately be return to langham place for a visit

we stay at langham place for   night , the staff and check in be excellent . the rooms be large on hong kong standard . we stay in an executive suite with access to the executive club which be well worth the extra dollars . unlike other club the drink be accessable all day , not just   or the likes . the ming restaurant on the   floor be well worth a visit although not a cheap alternative but concidering the hotel standard not over the top . in our room we have a microwave , coffee machine and tea make facility which be hide behind slide doors . our room be on   with great view , overall a great hotel to stay

this hotel be just superb . i 'd have it recommend to me by a work colleague and decide that even at the price , i should give it a go . we arrive late from australia   and be immediately whisk through the very interesting street level lobby , into a lift to reception , check in and take to our room . from the moment we arrive to the time we be in our room would have be no more than   minutes and be pass from staff member to staff memeber who never stop smiling . our whole stay be make so comfortable by the staff , the quality of the hotel and fantastic food in the langham place shopping centre

we arrive late at night and have to set up an event . the staff go out of their way to do this and nothing be too much truble . at the event , the service be great and food above the average . the location be superb   a stone 's throw from nathan road and the tst station . also great for the star ferry . this hotel be all class and i would recommend it to other business users . the event package be good and they have a good range of room size

i stay at the langham place for a long weekend at the start of november , luckily with the travel industry friend discount . when checking in we upgrade to the next grade of room ca n't remember the name for only hkd     a night . the room be so lovely with amazing view of the harbour and fantastic little touch like a dvd player and ipod dock  oh and the shower be so powerful it be like a massage ! the spa facility be great , and the roof top pool jacuzzi be great but my favourite be the oriental hot tub which be so relaxing . the place buffet for breakfast be pricey but i would say definitely worth a visit once when you be there . i would totally recommend it everyone as it be great for couple , family   anyone . i ca n't fault the location   it be inside a great mall with fantastic shop and a big food court and a station at the bottom

we have a wonderful time at the langham place hotel . we stay at the club floor . very nice rooms , superior service

stop in hk for a few days and find the langham place hotel . this be better then many other world class hotel that i have stay in such as many pan pacific hotels . the spa be just sensational

my new husband and i stay at langham place in mong kok on the first leg of our honeymoon . the hotel deserve its   star , everything be perfect , i can not think of anything to improve our stay there . the room and bathroom be well equip , spacious and of very high quality . the service and staff be excellent , nothing be too much trouble . we upgrade to the club l facility and they be worth every penny . the rooftop pool be lush . i would highly recommend eat in the ming court restaurant as the food be absolutely delicious . if we be ever to go back to hong kong we would definitely stay at langham place , it be simply one of the best hotel we have stay in

the langham place hotel be very conveniently locate in mongkok , just a handful of mtr stop away from central station . first impression be great , and the view from every floor be outstanding

i adore langham place in mong kok . i always stay in a residence suite with a kitchen . the hotel be clean , the service and staff attentive and friendly . the club room on the   floor make a wonderful breakfast and one can always visit the club for a free diet coke , beer or wine . the view be wonderful and the top floor spa professional and relaxing . sometimes the internet be a tad weak , but despite this i love this hotel . very easy access by taxi to kowloon and hong kong

the best hotel in hong kong ? i certainly hope not . a good value , sure , but

i spend four night here , two by myself and then my husband join me . the service be as good as the review suggested . the front desk staff be really helpful in get a room ready on a high floor by noon as i requested . i like the pool as it have a great view and comfy lounger , lay back staff and shade or sun as you prefer

this hotel can not be faulted . we pay Â £   per night for a club level room which be so worth it . club lounge be fantastic   premium drink all day and full breakfast in club or downstails downstairs have so much choice be lovely , afternoon tea and evening canopes which be all delicious

stay at the langham place not to be confused with the langham which be much grander for   night during a recent business trip . have stay in several of the kowloon side hotel over the years and have to say this be one of the best

just spend   night at langham place and it be a top experience in every way

have read the post on tripadvisor about langham place over the past six month we be look forward to stay at the hotel during our trip to hong kong and we be not disappoint at all

we stay at the langham for   night with the intention of discover the     real    hong kong . it 's a great location , which motivates you to explore kowloon as well as its less authentic and glitzy cousin hong kong island . from here you can easily explore all the main market and neighbourhoods . clearly , you do need to see the island and the ferry be only   minutes by metro or bus , both of which provide such a good service we refrain from our normal taxi only rule . the hotel be attach to a major shopping mall , which give it a feeling of enormity . the service be great , particularly if you take the club option do , its great value . there be an excellent view from the club lounge , which be a haven after a day in this crazy city . the inclusive drink and buffet be better than most vip lounges . best of all , the club concierge jakal his name , be absolutely brilliant and provide us with a real insight to hong kong . with his advice we really do see the city from a different perspective , whilst still take in the main features . we have a suite , which be spacey but have a decor that be a little dated . do n't let this put you off

spend   night here in september   rooms be adequate with lovely bathroom and certainly grow on you as you stay . we love the location as mongkok give you a bit more of a local flavour . you be also close to lady market and next door to the langham place shopping mall which we loved . it have n't get your luxury brand names but more trendy fashion and accessory as well as plenty of local food stalls do n't expect mcdonalds , although there be a starbucks

just spend four days at the langham place hotel . from the check in to the departure , everything at this hotel be great . the front desk staff be always helpful and make great recommendation on things to do . the room be clean and spacious . the city view from our room be fabulous

my girlfriend and i stay at langham place , kowloon in october   on the recomendation of the review on tripadvisor , i can honestly say everything we read about the hotel be true

this hotel be great , rooms be lovely , location be perfect and the service excellent , you should consider pay the little bit extra to use of the l club , its well worth it for the free drink and food and of course the fantastic city view

we stay three night here in january   the hotel be more than we expected . we be on the concierge level   floor and the view be incredible . the rooftop pool be fabulous and the concierge lounge have wonderful food and treat available most of the time . the massage chair in the lounge we the best i have ever experienced . the location be great for a feel of the     real    hong kong . we take the free neighborhood tour that the hotel offer and it be wonderful . the dim sum restaurant in the hotel be the best we have ever had . the room be not large but very luxurious with all the amenities you would expect . the glass wall elevator be thrilling . the mercedes ride to the airport be great too . we will always stay here whenever we return to hong kong . i could n't recommend this hotel more

rooms be very cush and immaculate ! great service , great staff

i am not surprise this hotel be currently no .   in hong kong ! as a traveller , i ca n't afford to always stay in the top and most expensive of hotel and when book a hotel , i generally look for good review on cleanliness and customer service and you get that all here

ultra modern , efficient yet comfortable . handy location in mongkot , with access to the langham mall for the timid , and just of nathan road and near the lady market madness for the brave

we stay   days at langham and we like it a lot ! it be very close to the subway   block and very close to the ferry to hk island . in front of the hotel there be a shopping mall , which be very convenient . hotel be very modern and it have free computer with internet service . it also offer complimentary breakfast which have typical chinese food . very good by the way . hotel be clean and neat and have restaurantes inside . but if you really want to taste chinese food , try dim sum just one block from the hotel , same street . it Â ´ s a place for local people , but they serve excellent chinese dim sum

location   langham place be a     hotel in the mongkok district of kowloon , across the bay from hong kong island . while you be a subway ride away from the main part of the city , you do get a good view of the best skyline from a high floor , though it be partially obstruct by a couple big high rise in between . you be just a couple block from nathan street , about a   minute walk from the overhyped , touristy , and not really worth a visit temple street night market , and , we inadvertently find out , a block from the portland street red light district , fill with strip club , sex club , and prostitute , along with a nice noodle bar for cheap eats . there be a laundromat a few block away , and the shopping mall next door have a subway station in it which be convenient . hong kong be a   subway ride , and lantau island be about   minutes by subway

i book this hotel base solely on trip advisor review and be not disappointed . staff be friendly and helpful , the essential place room be a good size , the bathroom fabulous with a luxurious big shower head , and the bed comfortable . the housekeep service be thorough and unobtrusive . there 's a big gym with great view and a rooftop swim pool

the room be new and clean , smart designed washroom , and huge tv screen .

my wife and i stay at the langham for   night recently . on arrival we be greated at reception by nicole t , who we have to say be one of the most helpful , friendly and informative receptionist we have come across on our travels . she spend time to explain all the hotel amenities , show us the main attraction on a map , and even recommend some authentic hong kong restaurants . we upgrade to the executive lounge and be able to enjoy all the benefit it offers . we find it be certainly worth the extra

the   star hotel have the   star services . the spa services be the best . hotel lobby be conncted to the food court of the shopping mall . it be raininng the   days we be there , the connect mall with subway and market in the basement really hlep the trip

the review i read on the langham place hotel , before book , be all positive and after our recent visit , i can only concur

i can not recommend this hotel highly enough . amazing staff , beautiful rooms , relax spa , great pool    

we have just return from an   night stay at the langham place hotel and we be not disappointed . we have a trio place room on the   floor . the room be a great size , king bed and a proper single bed , huge tv , dvd lots of storage and a good size bathroom and plenty of room for the shopping bag ! ! and a great view as well . we find the hotel to be very quiet and never hear any noise once inside the

amazing hotel

use the airport train to kowloon station and get a taxi to langham place from there   arrive late in the evening but check in be quick and efficient and all staff be most helpfull . the room be fantastic and very spacious . breakfast be great with a wide selection of western and asian food available . our only dissapointment be that we only use the spa facility when we be check out and they be fantastic   we wish we have more time to use all the hotel have to offer .

my first time at this hotel , but not to hong kong , a warm welcome from the front desk staff plus a lovely fresh smell in the lobby and the lift im not sure what it be but a nice touch . great rooms , nice size , well equip , high tech , , ipod deck , dvd player , flat screen tv , high tech in room phone . well design bathroom , good black out curtain

if you 're expect a   star hotel , the langham place be probably not there yet . its probably ok if you 're stay only for   or   night , but anything more perhaps you will like to consider the other hotel

i have be to this hotel twice , both time for business but the first time my wife accompany me for the trip . this hotel , even more consider the room price , be a great choice . the staff be really nice and helpful , the room be modern and elegant . they have a great spa with sauna , steam room and japanese bath available on the top floor . you can also enjoy the amazing roof terrace pool outdoor ! the only low point would be for it to be in mon kok with the busiest street as soon as you step out    but it 's part of hong kong , you like it or not  

our room in langham place be very comfortable and surprisingly large compare to what we have hear before book to come to hong kong as part of our silver wed anniversary . bed be very comfortable and bathroom be well appoint with a very nice powerful shower . the pool for the hotel be on the roof and you get somne fantastic view from up there

my husband always say that my review on trip advisor be far too long      so instead of rehash everything the previous reviewer have write , i will just say that the langham place be by far the best hotel i have stay at in years

there be a very good reason why this hotel be   on trip advisor

we have travel regularly internationally for many years but at the langham place we experience possibly the best service we have experience ever . en route from auckland to london we arrive very early morning at the hotel and be meet by ken on reception . not only do ken find us a great room immediately , check us in early way before official check in time , he upgrade us and make sure we be aware of all the hotel have to offer include a free walk tour   this be really appreciate after a long flight . the hotel itself be great , locate in mongkok close to the market and attach to a mall , all you might need be in easy reach . the outdoor swim pool on the   floor be an add plus in the heat and humidity of a hong kong summer . we would and have already recommend this hotel to many friend and work colleague on our return

i stay for   night at langham place . first impression be good   courteous and efficient reception staff in a well appoint lobby . my room be extremely clean and fit to a high standard , particularly the bathroom . if i be to criticise anything then the proportion of the room be on the snug side , but i understand that 's fairly typical of hong kong . the restaurant serve good , interesting food and the breakfast be a bargain . leisure facility include a roof pool which could have have better view , sauna , hot tub , gym etc . the location be fine , but remember it be mongkok , not the island . there be a mtr station in the basement of the adjacent shopping mall which make access to the rest of hong kong a breeze . i would n't hesitate to stay at this hotel again for business or leisure

take a girl trip to hong kong for a week . stay at langham primarily base upon review on ta . we stay on the club level in a premiere place room . generally , we find the plcae very good . attentive and helpful staff . a level   typhoon hit during our stay and the hotel take great pains to make sure we be inform and safe . the room be very well equip and high tech . great view fom our   floor room with floor to ceiling windows

when things go wrong , the mark of a great hotel be how they put it right . our room develop a fault , where all the light start flash and even remove the card from the wall could not stop it . within   min of report it , there be someone deal with it . it be dealt with quickly but unfortunately recur the next day . at this point a manager step in and offer an upgrade , so we move to another bigger room which be just fabulous  so hat off to the langham management for a great job

i stay at the langham place hotel for the second time after a great stay in february . i be not at all disappointed . it be worth pay the little bit extra for club facilities . it be a great place to sit and relax and the view be good . with snack and drink available most of the day and free internet it be great value . you can have breakfast downstairs in the main restaurant which have a much wider selection and choice

stay in club level room . everything be just right . room be reasonable size and well designed . need to recognize average room size in hong kong be on the small side . club give you several benefits . open   hours with food and drink always available . chapagne in the evenings . free internet . friendly and helpful staff . mongkok location be slightly out of central hong kong but actually pretty close to several attraction and markets . hong kong be very easy to get around so i wouldnt worry about location

one of the best hotel i stay in . luxurious rooms , very comfortable bed , and very friendly hotel staff

possibly the greatest service in the world ! my wife and i stay here twice within   week while travel in china . the first be on the way in , and it be a wonderful experience . the second time be for   night when our daughter become ill on a plane bind for sfo . while admit her at the hospital , i make our reservation via phone . upon arrival , the staff have learn of our situation and do everything to make the stay as pleasant as possible while include upgrade us to a room that would accomodate a crib upon her release from hospital . the staff in the club lounge be exceptional , special kudos to stanley , who remember us from our first stay . every employee we interact with know who we be and ask about our daughter and her condition . they truly care about us . we believe it be a great hotel during our first stay under no stress . their true colors come out during our time under pressure . if everyone who stay here have half the staff we have , you will consider yourself in great hands . thank you

in a city where hotel offer outstanding rooms and harbour view , but at a huge cost , the langham place stand out for its service . the staff be always greet you every morning , from bell to cleaning staff , chuan spa attendant to the very helpful front desk staff . concierge book me into their michelin rated ming court restaurant on a friday night with   hours notice

it really be a s simple as this   book a club room , which be only a little more than an essential place room , and enjoy the best hospitality that this price range will ever provide

at first , i be not really all gung ho about stay at the langham place . i know it rank quite high on the popularity chart , but it be a bit over our budget . good thing that i be out voted by my companion ! the langham place now rank at the top five of my favorite hotel in the world

stay in hong kong for   days before back to new york . most attractively would be the shopping besides the hotel . and the chinese food shop near the main street be recommend

just get back from our honeymoon in china and the langham place be our first hotel and i have to agree with all the positive reviews . i do n't think i can fault the hotel or staff in anyway

what a wonderful week we have at the langham . on arrival we accept a special promotion to upgrade . it be a tad more but worth it as we have our own lounge and two bathroom one shower . lots of extra in the suite . all staff be wonderful and so helpful . must stay in a club l room . we be able to check out , but stay there until our limo be ready to take us to the airport . we could have use the train , but it be late at night and our last night so what the heck , it be so much easier . the breakfast be excellent . the location in mongkok be great . good selective shopping . you have to see the lady market but its all very cheap . an octopus card be a must if you be there for a few days . the transport system be amazing , and easy to master .     on each card and then you can easily get around on the fast train , ferry , tram , bus . any money leave will be refund

have read the review and know what to expect . be n't disappoint , with a great room , great bathroom , great view etc . eat at ming court for dim sum   marvellous . have the buffet breakfast   pretty good , nothing spectacular , although great service . and the buffet dinner on a weekend night   a bit expensive at about us     , but truly magnificent , with mound of seafood and the freshest sashimi sushi i have ever have , include silver service sushi restaurant elsewhere . wow , wow , wow ! drink at the bar be overly expensive       for a beer when we 'd just be pay about     in mainland china and     in hong kong restaurant

stay at the langham place hong kong for   night in august   , as this be the first visit to the city rely on tripadvisor recommendation to find our accommodation

i spend five night at langham place after read the rave review on tripadvisor . i stay on the   floor and have great view across the city . the room be small , but that be expected . it be very modern and i really enjoy the large flatscreen tv

my husband and i love langham place ! we upgrade to club level once we arrive and we be so glad we do ! firstly our room be big and comfortable and the bathroom be huge with a fantastic range of toiletries . the club level be fantastic â € “ we thoroughly enjoy the canap Ã © s and cake and wine and champagne and breakfast ! ! ! the staff the langham place be incredibly helpful and friendly and my husband and i be very impress with their professionalism especially when have to deal with extremely rude guest . the location of the langham place be great â € “ with mongkok mtr just across the road . the rooftop swim pool and spa area be perfect the place to relax after a day of very hot and humid sightsee

the hotel be locate in mong kok , not the typical hong kong tourist area but more authentically local and right next to a multitude of shopping and eat possibilities . it be a modern high rise with a connect walkway to a shopping mall and adjoin metro station . check in be a bit botched but the staff be apologetic and offer voucher for free drink in the bar because of the delay . room be spacious with fantastic view over hong kong . bathroom be clean and well stock with toiletries . avoid the crowd breakfast floor and order room service instead to have a full breakfast deliver punctually to your door . the spa on the upper floor be clean and relax and the rooftop swim pool just the way to start the day . staff be attentive if somewhat officious . tv dvd system be over complicated   there be an i pod dock but no wifi . on the whole , recommend

my wife and i stay at this wonderful hotel during last july three night and august one night , for our honeymoon . as usual , we choose it follow the tripadvisor â € ™ review and comment

have just return from a brief   night shopping stay in hong kong stay at langham place hotel . i could not recommend this hotel highly enough

our second stay here . brilliant location in mongkok , it 's real hong kong out there and really easy and quick to get around as you be virtually on top of the mtr

we choose langham place base on the review here and be satisfy with our weekend stay . though it likely be n't the best in town in any particular dimension , it provide a good combination of comfort , style , convenience location and price . though our room rate do not include breakfast and in room internet access be ridiculously expensive , the low cost of the room itself more than make up for it and be the single biggest reason why we would stay there again . additional point for the free upgrade from 'vital ' to 'essential ' room     be a nice gesture give that it be our

great middle market   star without the pretentous stuffiness , and price , of some of the high end hotels . the price be reasonable , though really they should be provide free wi fi . it be a good location from which to access all of the greater hong kong area

we stay at the langham place for   night at the end of our honeymoon and could not think of a better way to round off the holiday . we stay in a club room and the facility in the club lounge far exceed all expectations . there be so much variety of food and drink provide that we barely need to eat out at all during our stay . the view from the club lounge over the city be incredible as be the view from the rooms and the massage chair be a really nice touch , despite actually be quite painful

this be my third stay at the magnificent langham place hotel . i agree with some of the review that the hotel need alittle fine tune on some of it 's slightly worn area , but for me , its still a superb hotel and fantastic value for money

this hotel deserve every positive rating it 's got . it be one of the best hotel we have stay it . the service be excellent , and we get a really good deal on our room from hotels com

we stay for   week in june and opt for   view corner room on club floor due to our longer stay

look else where for a hotel this be not the best

i stay at langham place for the second time in july   in a sweet place room on the club floor level level   . the room be huge with great facility include separate lounge , king bed , rainshower , kitchenette etc

we book langham place as our first destination for our honeymoon after read positive review on here . as we have family out here , we stay for three night before move onto bali and choose this location as it be fairly central . have the mtr within a few minutes walk be ideal

excellent staff , all extremely pleasant , high tech hotel , brilliant

stay here for   days with my wife and enjoy every minute of it

stay for   nights . pick up from airport no one at the desk when we arrived . just a small wait . bellboy at hotel good . lift ! hope you all have time each day to wait and wait and wait ! never be in a hotel be one have to wait so long to ride an elevator . morning , afternoon or evening just the worst you just wait

this hotel be amazing . the location be absolutely perfect . super modern facility right across a traditional market . the area be alway hopping . we book an essential type of a room with an awesome view of the harbour and the city . location be ideal . close to the subway and walk distance to some of the market , like the bird and the flower market to mention a few . the hotel be directly connect to a food court and if the hotel food price be too high , you can eat breakfast , lunch and dinner there if you wish . there be even a supermarket as you go down the escelators . the service can not be any better and the concierge team can assist you with any question you may have . we stay for five night and find the octopus card immensely practical and a great way to get around the town

after reading all review here , i decide to book this hotel for a short trip to hk , we just stay     night there , but it be perfect

from the beginning at check in , to the very end of our stay , the staff be attentive and make you feel as if you be always welcome . nothing be too much trouble . the rooms be clean and the cleaning staff be brilliant . everything about our stay in this hotel be a pleasure . we have to get a last minute visa to china and the hotel organise it all for us . the taxi driver tell us we should have stay at the other langham hotel due to the location of the market at this one . i totally disagree . it be great . will definitely only use this hotel when i go back again

this be definitely a five star hotel . the service be definitely incredible . the rooms be clean and roomy . we get the quad room which will accomodate a family of five   adult ,   teenager , and   child         . i will definitely stay here again if we go back to hongkong . the staff be nice and helpful and even the housekeep be very attentive to make sure that stay be comfortable

this be the place to stay in hong kong , stop look and just book ! the staff be the most attentive and knowledgable i have ever encountered . from the porter to the concierge the level of service be incredible . we book a club room and it be well worth it , the club lounge be really lovely and have a great view of the city . check out the rooftop pool as well . in terms of location , it be close to all of the market in kowloon and join a mall that have a subway station

it be such a joy to stay at langham place hotel . our room be clean , modern and have everything we need . the view be impressive   it be hong kong after all

we stay at the langham place earlier this year . we upgrade to a club room locate on the higher floor with access to the club lounge . the room be beautiful with a comfortable bed and high quality linen . the glass wall bathroom be an acquire taste but we like it . the club lounge be amazing with plenty of booze and a constant flow of tasty food  the view be outstanding . the roof top pool be a welcome retreat from the constant buzz of hk

a hotel ,in the middle of all the action , close to transport , shopping and transport . tick all the box

wonderful hotel , would definatley stay there next time . amazing swim pool on the roof

i think what entice me most about langham place , aside from the view , architecture , sculpture , courteous staff     amazing rooms , be the fragrance that welcome people . it be very distinct , very relaxing   very invite

this be our   stay at the langham place hotel . this be an absolutely outstanding hotel which i heartily recommend . try to get a room as high up as possible as the view from the rooms be spectacular . you can not fault the hotel on any category . great location in the middle of mongkok , nice clean rooms and public area and the service be exemplary . this time we decide to try out a massage at the chuan spa on the top floor . a   min massage cost   dollar and it be blissfull ! oh and the breakfast be rather good . i usually do n't make it out of bed in time for breakfast but at this hotel i deliberately set the alarm so i would n't miss it

as a graduation gift my uncle let me tag along with him on a business trip to hong kong . as he be on business and the room be be pay for by corporate , we be on the   floor in the club level . it be worth every penny to pay extra for the unlimited access to the lounge , which we jokingly refer to as the overlord lounge . rich , mostly american european australian businessmen and woman flock to the lounge each morning and late evening for breakfast and cocktail hour the latter complete with savoury nibble . during the day and at tea time savory snack and the unlimited beverage selection keep those who do n't have to work while in hong kong relax in the lounge . the view from the lounge alone be truly spectacular

right in the heart of mongkok , if you be a tourist , there be no better place to stay in hong kong , but        if you be in hong kong on business and that business be locate on hong kong island , i would say that this hotel be a bit inconvenient . for my first trip to hong kong , i could not have ask for a better place to stay , convenient locate near numerous market , i immediately get a taste of real hong kong life . hotel if fabulous , great service , rooms be a bit small on us hotel terms but more than adequate . business center have enough terminal so there be no wait to use their computers . rooftop pool and fitness center with breath take   degree views . if possible pay an extra hk     to stay on an upper floor where your room view will not be block by the langham place mall next door . it be hong kong so you be never more than a few minutes walk from great eat option

just back from a superb stay at lp . choose it base on other ta review and be not disappointed . we love it so much we hardly venture out in   days ! nothing be too much trouble for the staff . we arrive off a longhaul flight and be afford a very early check in at no extra cost and then upgrade to a divine room . the gym equipment be excellent quality as be the   floor pool and change room facilities . all of this inspires confidence in the other services offer by the hotel so we dine at the in house japanese restaurant which be faultless . ditto the buffet restaurant . i would return every month if it be n't   hours away

we stay there for five days and four nights . we just come back from tokyo in a very dinky hotel . so come from a dinky hotel to a five star luxury hotel be superb ! we book the tempt me essential king size room locates   floor and above , with a breath take night view , plasma tv , see through bathroom from the bedroom the king size bed be big enough to fit four people

we book the hotel from zuji website and i get the vital place room without realise it be not what i want as there be no description of the room from the website

definitely the hotel to stay if you want to savor the life of hong kong . it 's attach to a hugh shopping mall that include a supermarket and connect to the subway system without go outside . even though it 's locate in a robust area of town , you will not feel that once you be inside the hotel . we enjoy the nice gym almost every morning . it 's cater to english speaking guest as almost all the worker include the operator respond in english . we only eat at     the place    once . the food be okay only . but you can probably find better food outside the hotel . almost forgot    no free internet in the room but there 's a business center on the   floor where there be several laptop available to be use by guest free of charge . there be also one station designate for flight check in . you may want to get the rooms from essential place or above so that you can stay on the upper floor to see a partial harbour view and some skyline look out the window or else it will probably be the adjacent highrises

i measure hotel f    b standard by the freshness of breakfast hashbrowns , and lp top it all . have bf close to   , but the hashbrown i pick be still crispy and delicious . croissant be also light and flaky . well do

we usually do not come to such grand hotel , but decide to splash out on this hotel for a short break and it be worth it ! the staff be welcome and friendly and the room service be very efficent ! the room be very grand and the bed be very comfortable ! the bathroom be the best ! it have a shower and a nice bath . it be very modern and extremely stylish ! our room be on level   so the view out of the window be stunning though go so high on the elevator cause the kid ear to pop ! it be very handy that it be connect to the langham place mall which have many good shop eg . a huge h    m store and restaurant ! the location be great and the transport excellent ! i would definetely recommend this to everyone

i spend five night recently at the langham place . i have never be to hong kong before and so rely on this website to pick my hotel . believe the review , i stay in an essential place room , about   m . not big by australian usa standard , but plenty big enough . the bathroom be great , the shower offer a choice of rain shower fantastic or power shower , which i do n't use as the rain shower be so enjoyable . the towel be huge and so fluffy , wish i know the brand , so i could buy some . the bed be ultra comfortable . room service choice be vast , there be a western kitchen with plenty of choice and a chinese food kitchen . all the meal i order be delicious and price reasonably too . the staff of this hotel be fantastic , really a great asset of the hotel and i hope they be recognise for it . they can not do enough for you . i have travel trhoughout the us , england and australia and this be the first and only hotel where i feel i could ask for something , like a variation on the room service menu and not be make to feel like it be too much trouble . the lobby staff be never too busy to ask if i need direction or whatever . food tray leave outside the door , be swiftly collect , this hotel seem to be very generously staff , no wait for anything at all . the only beef i have and i have it at every five star hotel i stay at and that be that the bathroom be not clean soap scum etc ever during my   day stay . the room be wipe down and that be it . like i say , all hotel be the same , so i wo n't hold it against this one . go for the langham place , you wo n't regret it . it also sit above a shopping centre and an mtr station , take the airport train to central , then change to mong kok station

visit langham place in may   for   day    night

i have be to hongkong many times and have stay in several hotel before , until i find langham place . the location be perfect , next to the mtr and the langham shopping mall . the moment you step inside the hotel , you will find a wonderful fragrance envelop the whole hotel . the rooms be wonderful , and very well maintained . . my latest trip in march be to celebrate my wed anniversary . the staff find out about it and a complimentary bottle of champagne be already chill in my room when i check in

i really enjoy this hotel . i decide to do the airport express subway combo to the mongkok station and walk through the mall . it be early in the morning around   and i only have a   wheel carry on so it be fine . it be a   minutes trip though , and up and down floor

as with the previous review , we have only good things to say about the langham place . we stay for ten days in june   with our two child ,         , in a quad room . beautifully appoint , although not huge . a great option for family as long as you do n't need much privacy . room contain a queen size bed and two normal single bed not rollaways , so everyone have a good night 's sleep

we stay at the langham place hotel at the end of june   this hotel come highly recommend on ta , for good reason

we have be go to hong kong for vacation for years now from the usa and we can not say enough for langham place . i could see lp get overlook often because it 's in mong kok but for visitor go to china for the first time or to experience true hk life , there 's no better place than lp . with the mong kok mtr in the basement , travel within the city be super easy ! style , class , great view , great rooms , and the best staff make lp the only place we stay when in hk

we have just return from a week long stay at the langham place . we choose the hotel after the large number of glow review already here on ta and once again be very glad such a website exist to make our choice easier

if it 's harder to write a review of a hotel when there be little to criticise , then this will be a very difficult hotel to review . from the plush reception , to the great room service , the comfortable bed and the fantastic shower , everything about this hotel be enjoyable

we stay at this hotel at a very reasonable rate for a week , more than   of equivalent   hotel rate

great hotel in a great part of town . if you get a good deal on price then look no further

i have write a few review about hotel in hk but i have yet to submit any review on langham place . not that i dislike the hotel    on the contrary , since i discover this hotel , i have yet to stay in another hotel . this be i think the third time i stay in this hotel . i have not get around write a review on this hotel because other trip advisor have already rave about this hotel . but today , i be add in my two cent worth because i think this hotel really deserve all the praise it can get

a friend of mine and i stay at langham place at the beginning of june for four nights . we could not think of anything to complain about . we get there pretty late in the evening and be welcome by hotel staff who take us to the lobby . we have book the lowest rate available online at their website , and while at the airport before leave , we check rates on expedia . definitely give this a go , we be able to save over     change our last   night to an expedia reservation . this certainly help , as we decide to upgrade to club l access about     cdn a night which include breakfast every morning at the place best breakfast buffet i have ever have , open bar , snack all day long , and evening hors d oeurves . we also get a room on a higher floor which be awesome for our first stay in hong kong . the concierge on the club floor be fantastic . they be so helpful and accommodating . even if you do n't purchase the club room we do n't , at least purchase the extra access to that lounge . awesome place to relax and have a   floor view of the city . free internet too

a fab hotel , friendly curtious staff . extremely clean luxurious rooms , with everything you could possibly need during your stay the area of mongkok be the real hong kong , not just the touristy part

book   rooms and stay   night in essential place , get it directly from the hotel with a stay   night free   night promotion . be n't offer any upgrade or encounter sales pitch to upgrade as write in other reviews . upon check in i be tell one of the rooms be not ready , be a little disappoint coz i arrive at   and they should have get it ready by   have to wait   minutes before i get to move in my room , but that 's the only hiccup

an exquisite hotel in a superb location ! highly recommend , get a harbour view room if the budget permits . swim pool be on the roof and view be amazing   lovely to have a swim and take in the views . one of the best hotel i have stay at   once again , highly recommend

it be a beutiful hotel with luxurious rooms . the best part be that it be midst of the town still you feel out of bounds . very assesible to local metro and also to key shopping markets . little away from business centre of

we stay at the langham place for   night during may . the location be excellent and in     downtown    mong kok which be have many market close by , quirky restaurant and shop , large shopping centre all within metre of the front door . we feel that we have a more authentic local experience than our friend who be stay on the harbour . in fact they spend most of their time at our end of town ! langham place be close to the subway and easy to get around to other parts of hong kong

we stay there two years ago . this time we find with the change of the pink

fantastic hotel . as with all chinese hotel the rooms be a little smaller , but the amenities be top notch . rain shower , plush bed , beautiful bathroom ,   inch flatscreen etc . the only complaint be the remote be difficult to use and i watch a lot of tv !

this be my second stay at the langham place   first visit be january   , and we could n't wait to return as soon as the next batch of trade show come up

i stay at the langham place hotel after read all the good review on trip advisor . the hotel be a very good one . i am assume it be a new property . the room be modern and comfortable but on the smaller side . i do not have such a good view of the harbor from my room so you should request one at the time of booking . but if you want a picturesque view of the harbor you should choose another hotel . the bathroom be a good size with a bath and separate shower . housekeep do a good job and re stocked all the amenities daily . the metro be right next door in the attach mall which be very convenient . the hotel be more for holidayers than for business travelers . i would definitely stay here again

my wife and i stay in the langham place hotel , mongkok in april   for four days and return to stay in it in may for a few more days

we stay here to celebrate our wed anniversary and it be brilliant   from start to finish ! we book a room at prime place and stay in   which be a corner room with the most amazing view across hk you could easily see the light show from our room which we love ! . on arrival we be meet by a concierge who take our case from us and escort us up to reception the lobby be one floor up where the staff quickly book us in and take us to our room . our bag arrive a few minutes later . the room be perfect and spotlessly clean , the bed be huge and so comfy i almost do n't want to get out of it to go sight see ! the bathroom be lovely , a really good size with a big bath and seperate rain shower which be great after a day out in the humidity . the pool on the roof be awesome with amazing view over the skyline and there be several hot tub up there too . there be also a bar so you can enjoy a cocktail as you lounge about . we do n't eat at any of the restuarants but only because we be so busy   i am sure that if we 'd be there longer we would have do we stay   night . the location be great as it 's right in the middle of mongkok which be manic   full of street market and shop with people everywhere which give you a real taste of hk . it 's also connect to the huge shopping mall next door which seem to be open till about midnight and have loads of food place and shops . the nice thing be you can wander round the crowd street of mongkok but then step into the perfectly air condition , spacious hotel to cool off ! the lobby be perfumed but , believe me , it need to be because outside the heat and humidity make all of the normal street smell a bit more pungent so the air in the lobby be very refresh ! overall , we have a brilliant time here , the staff be excellent , the rooms be awesome and the location be perfect for all of the sightsee we want to do there be an mtr station in the mall next door so transport be incredibly easy ! . we will definitley stay here again   thanks langham place

as native hong kong ers , i be very happy and impress with the quality of service this hotel offers . decide to stay at this hotel after see a great hotel deal offer through the hotel website stay   night , get   free   so average     per night . a little pricey compare to typical hong kong hotel friend think we be crazy to pay so much for a hk hotel , but worth every penny . the rooms be consider big by hong kong standards . check in be easy arrive at   , and we get an essential room up on   floor . i especially appreciate the complementary shower service after a sticky afternoon before we catch our plane at night . no need to eat at the hotel if you want to save some money , as i be still able to find food after midnight nearby , because location be one of the main advantage of this hotel . have trouble use the phone system though , too fancy and high tech for me . do n't utilize the pool , spa or wi fi , so no comment there , but the fitness room have a great view of the city

my husband and i be very experience traveler , have spend night at place as various as guest house in kathmandu , the ymca in nairobi,and just last week , the emirate palace , in abu dhabi , and the ritz carlton in dubai . our experience at the langham be the one i be write about ! as many have note , stay on the club level be worth every penny ! senior team leader stanley ho be perfection ! so helpful and knowledgable about everything . for me,as a daily exercise fanatic,the fitness center be first rate , and the rooftop pool be memorable , cool , and clean

just return from   night on the   floor . everything about this hotel be quite exceptional . definitely worth upgrade to club access if you can   it will probably save you money in the long run as breakfast and all drink be include in your stay . the club lounge be a superb haven   the champagne flow from around   and be accompany by yummy snacks . the gym and roof top pool be both very good . the staff be very helpful and the area of mongkok be definitely buzzing . a true gem . i stay at the   season last year and would rate this hotel as better

we arrive at the airport and go to the hotel 's courtesy desk to get our car to the hotel . we be greet with water and a refresh kit and offer a dvd player for the ride to the hotel . once at the hotel we be greet at the car and escort directly to our room for in room check in . it be an amazing way to start our stay after an   hour flight

langham place be a great hotel situate in the mongkok area of hong kong . it be ideally situate right next to the mtr station which you can catch to take you anywhere very cheaply . stay on the   floor with a great view of the city

this be a stunning hotel , and our room be absolutely beautiful . we arrive early   and request an early check in and this be grant but we be force to pay an extra hk     for an upgrade . it be worth be though as the bigger room on a higher floor be fab and have stunning view and it mean we could catch some sleep straight away . the hotel have excellent facility , a beautiful pool on the roof , and the service be second to none . the only main drawback i can mention be the location   although it be locate in the same mall as a mtr stop , it take quite a walk and a lot of escalator ride to actually get to it and then you be still a few stop away from the main tourist spots . i 'd try to get a hotel in downtown kowloon next time or even on hong kong island if i could afford one . that say , if you do n't mind an extra   to   minutes onto your journey this be definitely the hotel for you

stay for   night on our return from a holiday in australia . we upgrade to a club room which be worth it , with all the club facility include drink and snack during the day , cocktail drink and food and lovely view from the lounge overlook hong kong . the buffet breakfast be extremely good and service too . the swim pool on the top floor be great . the service from the staff and friendliness be extremely good . we have a lovely room on the   floor with good views . we also take advantage of the free tour early evening in the area around the hotel . there be a good shopping centre nearby and also market and the mtr service which be quick transport to get around in . would defintely stay at this hotel again and after stay in a 'langham hotel ' in auckland would book at another in their group

spend   night there last week . overall it be a pleasant experience . when i check in the staff at the reception try to sell us a good upgrade deal and be quite pushy . their argument be that the rooms be slightly bigger . ok , the room i stay in be small but but then again you only sleep there . and the size of the bed be great . the glass wall separate the bathroom from the bedroom be brilliant . the breakfast be nice though i would suggest to have the breakfast either early in the morning or then after   as in between it be too busy . my room be suppose to have free internet but at the end of the day the want me to pay for it . i be disappoint in the early morning of my departure   be when i be tell at the reception that i have not pay for my hotel transport to the airport . because of early departure i have pay for my room , breakfast and transport when checking in . however they fail for some reason to charge me for transport . it be very inconvenient to do this when i be in a hurry to get to the airport . there be definetly better hotel in hk but if you decide to stay in kowloon then this be a good choice and the mong kok metro station be just around the corner

stay here for a week . the room be smallish but well appoint and contain nearly everything you could possible want . , include a ipod dock station . there be a charge for the internet in some rooms and in a   * hotel i think that this should be provide free . this be my only complaint , the rest of the facility be great and the swim pool area be a welcome stop after a day 's shopping . the asian bath be different and very relax

although our stay be genrally pretty good i am not go to gush over this hotel like some others on here

in june   my wife myself and our   year old son migrate to australia via hong kong

this hotel be lovely . it have a great lobby and it smell really nice like perfume . the staff be very friendly and helpful and have great english . the pool area be huge and really lovely to relax in after a nice day in the heat as it be still warm but have a nice breeze . if you do n't like swim then you can relax in the jacuzzi . there be also a sauna and a hot bath tub which be so nice ! i be however a little disappoint with our room but that be because we have   bed in a double room so we find it a little small but as a double room i think it would be an ok size . the location be great , right in a shopping centre which be fab for people that love shopping but also have many food place which is good . it be also a stone throw from the mtr which be so easy use and convenient and it 's very close to the lady market which be great for people that love bargin shopping . also very close to nathan road which be a busy and lively place . the hotel also have a club inside it which i be unfortunately able to go to but it be not noisy at all so for people that do n't like club you will not notice it . there be also a restaurant that look delicious but i do not get a chance to go eat there . i would definately recommend this hotel

the langham place be amazing , we have a brilliant time . we stay for   night   the staff be very helpful and the location of the hotel be awesome . we be close to the mtr and this make the rest of the city very accessible . we stay there for chinese new year and the hotel put on a dragon show for the guest   how cool ! the room make the best of the small space and the decor tv bathroom be all decorate to a very high standard . hong kong like most major city generally have small hotel rooms . i would certainly stay here again

this be probably one of the nicest hotel i have ever stay at . the rooms be very comfortable , and i especially love the bathrooms  very modern look , with a separate shower and bathtub . i love that it be connect to the langham place mall . very convenient location in hong kong  the mongkok subway station be close by , and the hotel be also just a few block away from nathan road , a very busy area . would definitely recommend it and stay there again

one word review â € “ â € œ wow â € 

  night stay in a club room on floor   good view of victoria harbor . room extremely modern and comfortable . service impeccable . the area be a little out of the way but only a few metro stop from the city center in all actuality . i enjoy look around   walk around the mongkok area and walk up nathan street but taxis be also affordable so there be really no transportation issue when one put a pencil too it

we book the langham place base on postive review here on tripadvisor , for our first trip to hong kong . book go very smoothly , even though we have to make change due to an error from the airline . from start to finish , top to bottom , everyone be helpful and cheerful . we muse to each other that the staff probably must be treat very well since each employee be pleasant and kind

when you see the award in the hotel that they be in the top     of hotel in the world you can see why . langham place be amazing . my wife , my daughter and myself stay here for   night at the beginning of april   slight confusion checking in but this be down to our travel agent not do their job properly , not the hotel fault but they still upgrade us to a bigger room on a higher floor . the room be clean and very lavish with excellent view of mong kok . the hotel facility be awesome and we take full advantage of the club l package . for an extra Â £   per night for the   of us we be able to take breakfast in the amazing dine room and then have free drink all day and night and yes that include champagne ! ! free canopes also . superb value for money

every trip to hk should include a bit of a walk through kowloon but the langham place hotel be about a   min cab ride north of the harbor in kowloon which make it a bit of an island for visitors . the neighborhood be bustle w  local resident and there be many veggie markets . i stay in both causeway bay and this north kowloon area and for ease of get around , causeway bay win as there really be n't any restaurant outside of the mall food court and the hotel if you get hungry and be     home    during the day or late at night . that say , this be a beautiful hotel w  really lovely view we stay on floor   , thoughtful design and excellent staff . the room be small standard for hk but very comfortable and overall the hotel be really elegant . the food late night , eat at the bar lounge , be okay , not great and the buffet breakfast be a definite disappointment . i recommend skip both but there really be n't a ton of dine choice nearby . i think this hotel be an excellent value if you recognize that it be a very pretty place to lie your head at night but you 'll want to spend the bulk of your time elsewhere

if you be look for a super trendy hotel close to the pulse of the 'real ' hong kong , look no further . club level be the way to go at the langham place ! rooms be spacious and offer floor to ceiling vista across the city   even from your shower cubicle . club lounge include private check in   check out services , wifi , breakfast , afternoon tea,s cocktail and late night sweat treat

i stay at the langham place during a short stay in hong kong on my way back to the states . i be somewhat leery of the location far outside central and the main tourist area of kowloon , but go with the strong recommendation give by my fellow traveller on tripadvisor . i be not disappoint

stay here for my   birthday . get the airport express to kowloon station then take a   min taxi to hotel at a cost off less then Â £   quick and easy

just return from a   night stay and the hotel be every bit as good as previous reviewer have write

it be our   visit to hong kong and my husband and i have previously stay in the shangri la on hong kong island which we both loved . however this time we decide to look for a hotel that be slightly less expensive and we also want to experience kowloon side of hk

the langham place be luxurious property set in a less touristic neighbourhood than most of its peers . still , if you want to experiment true hk market bird , flower , lady , jade , etc . , there be no other place to be . bustle with thousand of people at night , there be an incredible buzz to the place , without be link to hip bars or great restaurant

this be a very smart hotel , very clean     tidy , good facility     helpful staff . it be right next to a large shopping mall , with supermarket     food outlests   all great unless you want to experience the orient ! we could have be almost anywhere

i know this review be a bit late , but its still worth it . i have stay in a number of   world class hotels   oberois in india , mandarin oriental in se asia , sofitels in europe , conrad in the middle east   the langham place be by far the best hotel i have encounter in all my travels . why ? well let me list

i stay   night , with the promotional rate pay for   and get   night . so i save some money there , which i decide to spend on club access

my wife and i have stay here   times since   and have enjoy each stay . we book their essential room twice and stay in their sweet place during our anniversary in march   they surprise us with a bottle of champagne and chocolate in our room for our anniversary . i do recommend the club l , it provide great place for breakfast in the morning , as they serve western and asian food with make to order eggs and omelet , and a great place to relax and have a drink . the pool on the roof give you spectacular view of the area and its great for a dip too ! the staff be good and attentive to our needs . the only shortfall we have be when we stay at the sweet place , we ask for a king size bed in our room but discover they push two double bed together , it be n't a big deal as it be still comfortable . the attach mall be great for shopping and pick up snack although i must warn traveler , the surround area be not touristy , you will have to use the subway or cab to get to the 'touristy spots' . we will stay at the langham place again the next time we go back to hk

agree with most of comment in other review , fantastic hotel     good location   would definitely

my hubby and i stay there from feb     stay at the essential room   it the very nice   the room be clean   staff be effecient and friendly   they be helpful too and speak english which be good coz we always need direction lol and its very rare to find someone to ask directiosn to and actually understands u   the bed be comfortable adn the bathroom be spotless and spacious   i recommend it to everyone   its worth every penny ! !

i stay here with my   year old daughter for   days in march   i pick this hotel from the review post here . the location be excellent if you like to stay in kowloon , the real hong kong as i call it . we receive one night free on a special promotion . it be locate in an office tower and shopping mall complex , build in   train station below , but must still a bit of walk to get there walk through the mall or outside on street . a litte bit difficult to learn how to get around many escalator and elevator in the tower complex , and you must take the correct one . once we get lose in the parking garage look for the street level take wrong elevator . lobby be on   floor down a crosswalk from the atrium . beautiful atrium about   story high with shop and restaurants . one escalator in   level high ! just a beautiful place . i wish i could have stay longer . i be finally begin to understand the layout and amenities available . if possible , buy the upgrade for about     usd . 'entitles to free snack , desert , internet in room access , and breakfast in     club    or downstairs restaurant , etc . i do not get this upgrade . anyway , i do n't think you will be disappointed . cheaper than some other place which be not as good . we stay on the   floor . excellent room view and     tv . i will go again and enjoy the hotel more next time . we be always out in the city and never in the room ! staff very efficient , and friendly

i stay here with friend during october   and it be such a comfortable and great stay . very friendly staff who be attentive and pleasant . the continental buffet be great , but be not include in the costs of the stay . location wise  the hotel be very close to local shop and transport where there be an adjoin shopping centre with boutique shop and restaurant and train station underground

i stay at the langham with   girlfriend and it be great . the service be fantastic , the buffett breakfast be beautiful . the hotel be in a great position , close to great shopping and walk distance to the lady market

i don Â ´ t have anything bad to say about this hotel . everything be just perfect ! hotel and rooms be clean , restaurant serve good food

my husband and i have a plan one day lie over in hong kong . we choose the langham hotel becauce of its amazing location and service . we go all out at get a suite that be   a night . the vip longe and checkin have free food good quality and free drink even red bull ! with massage chair and an awesome view of hong kong . it be in the older section but it be fill with culture . for the shopper lover , it be connect to a huge shopping mall ! it be in the heart of all these great markets . the best part be we could walk everywhere , and if we not know where we where , all we have to do be look up , find out hotel , and walk towards it . go to the market at night ! the hotel have a tour there that be a walk tour and give you tons of information . our room be top of the line and very clean . they be very professional and only look to make you happy . to give you an idea how great and personal they be , my husband and i be walk back to our room right after we have check in , a man work there we have never see before say     good morning mr and mrs eastin    it blew my mind ! i be like dang   they be good here

we book two night at langham place hotel as a stop over on our way home from australia , but wish we could stay for longer

we stay at the langham place hotel four three night at the end of a ten week holiday . first and foremost , the location be excellent , right in the thick of kowloon . the staff and rooms be as you would expect from a chain such as the langham but there be other notable point that give it that little bit extra

it be a delightful and wonderful experience we have in langham place hotel . it be what you expect to a   star hotel worth every penny . hotel be absolutely live up to their standard . they give us a surprise champagne and chocolate in the room as a gift to our engagement i must say that trip advisory help me to choose this hotel . i truly enjoy our stay in hongkong and the accomodation . hat off to the staff they be extremely friendly and helpful . i do highly recommend this hotel to anybody

stay at the hotel and it easily offer one of the best services . receive a surprise birthday cake on my birthday , and event he doorman rush out to give us direction when they see us hold a map

we stay here for three night     Â £   a night in a prime place view . unfortunately , we have a room on the wrong side of the building , so we didn â € ™ t get quite the view we have expected . the room be very good though and have all the high tech gadget you â € ™ would expect in hong kong . the hotel itself be full of extra facility , like a rooftop swim pool , spa , chinese hot bath , sauna , free internet on the   floor shame there wasn â € ™ t free internet in the room though . the location be ok , and the staff be very attentive . overall , this be a very modern hotel , but its very overprice and there be much better option in better location

stay here for   time in   month and cant fault it at all . excellent service , great rooms , amazing rooftop gym and swim pool   well worth the money . i would suggest book on hotel website as you can add breakfast to your room at a discount rate . some people have comment its too far , i would disagree   its   stop to hong kong station a mere   min

my husband surprise me and book   night in hong kong last week . the hotel he choose be right in the heart of mongkok and with all the main market walk distance

i stay in this hotel for three night and base my choice as it be   in tripadvisor . the best thing about this hotel be its location , which be base in old time hong kong with lots of cheap eats and shopping around

i stay at the langham place for   night at the end of a   week trip to oz and newzealand . i have stay at a different hotel in kowloon on the outward leg of the journey as i think the location would be more convenient as it be walk distance to the harbour and only   stop across to hong kong island on the metro . i choose to stop at the langham place as i know it be go to be depress enough go home let alone stay in a budget hotel . i be not disappointed . the room be great . very comfy bed with good quality linens . nice bathroom with separate shower . it have a glass wall separate it form the bedroom , which be n't my thing as it seem a bit pointless as you have to keep the blind close to avoid see your partner on the toilet ! the hotel staff be really friendly and very efficient at checkin and arrange shuttle to the airport . it 's probably easier to take the train though as this seem quicker to us . the best bit about the hotel be the bar . we enjoy champage in there on our second night and the seafood bar and cheese board be excellent . the bar staff be very attentive and one of them have a real     tom cruise in cocktail    bottle juggle thing go on ! we see some people have afternoon tea the follow day and it look superb . we check out the pool on the roof and the view and facility be excellent it w a bit too cold for us to go in . we request a late checkout and be give until   free of charge . you get a lot of hotel for the money , i guess due to the location and would definitely stay here again if i come to hong kong . there be a metro station right next door so you do n't feel like you be far from anything . the shopping centre adjoinging the hotel be very good

just get back from stay at the langham place for a week and it be amazing . location be great if you want to feel in the heart of the action of mongkok . everything be so easy to get to in hong kong with the mtr and cheap taxi 's and the mtr station be only   minutes away . lady market around the corner . the rooms we 're huge and the flat screen tv be great . roof top pool have amazing views . the most impressive thing about the hotel have to be the service . not once be we not greated with a smile and help out very quickly , we have every thing that we requested . food be excellent . my only regret be not stay longer and i look forward to book this hotel next time i stay in hong kong

stay here for couple of night in february in an essental place room

just come back from the   's in hong kong . langham place be a quality hotel . great service , great food the chef be a   * michelin chef and great rooms . everything you need to know be on the cisco phone from message to sightseeing . tv from all around the globe and great views . earth hour be great and the snack they buy out be fantastic   i have never try raw beef before , but it be awesome

stay four night here . langham place be in mongkok which be not the popular tourist area . suggest you do not attempt to get here from airport by use the subway as it would be a nightmare get here from mongkok station with luggage . bed comfortable , lovely bathroom . spoil by smell of cigarette as we get out of lift and when we first get to our room it stank of spray use to get rid of smoke of previous guest . we be tell the non smoking rooms be in great demand and we have be put in a room which could serve as both . it be fine in the room once the spray smell have go but the cigarette smell in the passage be unpleasant . soundproof of room be not good and we could hear other guest ' tvs . shower robe , slipper , minibar and electric kettle . buffet breakfast superb with fantastic service   the staff have to be see to be believe , they be so good . eat at the ming court for a super dinner and also lunch time dim sum , both of highest quality . shopping center attach to hotel have a myriad of cheaper option for meal and lots of shopping . lots of market nearby , station for subway , it 's very convenient and much more fun than the touristy area near the harbor unless you really want the upmarket shop on your doorstep

we stay at this hotel for   nights . the standard size room may be small for some people 's taste , but it be good for us . staff and service be a + + . artwork in the building be a nice bonus . locate next to a shopping center and near lots of electronic and shoe shopping as well as nearby the lady market . a   be near too  which be convenient for drink and snacks . oh  and i do n't do this but you can order from a variety of different pillow type

husband and i have a wonderful vacation to hongkong and japan to celebrate a birthday and an anniversery . we stay in a total of four first class hotel see my review

nothing to complain about at all . it 's functional , well located and with plenty of good , attentive staff . but , i would hardly rate it as   * , the gym pool sauna be pretty pocket size and the room pretty average in size and facilities . the location be on the one hand great being join to a shopping mall and the underground , but there be little to do in the vicinity of the hotel outside of the mall . there be no western restaurant , nor bars , but plenty of chinese eatery and plenty of pink neon it be the soho of hong kong . the area be quite authentic and industrial   great if you 're look for a wash machine belt or power drill , not so great if you 're hungry and in the mood for a nice evening of dining sightseeing ! the journey downtown be only   min

this be our second visit to hong kong in two years and we return to the langham place . we be not disappoint on either occasion

from the staff at reception , to the girl that refresh your room each day , then come back later to turn you bed down , it be a great hotel . the pool , spa and gym area be to die for . the best part tho ' be the proximity to the mtr and bus and the shopping , especially eat in all the little local haunt

have read great review about hotel and get so say it be all true . great location , next to mtr . very good breakfast buffet and rooms where very nice . for around   you can upgrade to a club room which be slightly larger and on on a higher floor . worth every penny . glad we stay there and not on hong kong island as restaurant much cheaper in the kowloon area which end up save us a lot of money . truely a great hotel in a fantastic city

this hotel impress me and i be not easy to be impress

whilst there be no doubt value for money be excellent especially in room quality eg choice of   pillows_ this be no substitute for service at the expect   star type

great hotel ! clean , modern , excellent service , and the location be wonderful   although not an upscale 'harborfront hotel    , this hotel be still upscale , and the location near the mongkok night markets      ladies market electronic etc . be the best for walk around . definitely recommend stay here , and would stay again next time

we check in for   night in a club level room . transfer from airport by hotel car excellent , check in small mix up where they send us to the lobby first , even though i try to point out that we have a separate checkin on the   floor , they finally figure it out , but waste   minutes

hong kong be one of my well loved place to be as it be the langham place hotel . this time i stay there just for one night . as usual arrival by very efficient airport express train and mrt to â € œ mongkok â €  station , which situate under the hotel . access to the hotel from mrt be through the mall , which be ok if you have just light luggage . due to my very early arrival i do not get the request room on a very high floor but instead of wait for my request room to be ready to move in i decide to check in into a room on   floor without a nice view . i book a standard room , which be on the smaller side but still offer all you would expect from a   star hotel . the pool and wellness area on the top floor offer everything you might need to distress  sauna , steam , hot tub , japanese style shower stall , health club and an outdoor roof top pool huge enough for a few lap and a jacuzzi . in room dine service be quick and delicious as the amazing buffet breakfast   the place is  there be simply for everybody something to choose from . the overall quality and service receive be still top notch . there be just one hint  even so there be a few computer for internet access available free of charge , the hotel do charge for in room internet access  nowadays this should be free of charge

this hotel be spacious , luxurious and service be excellent . breakfast be plentiful , both western and asian and the i wouldn ' t stay anywhere else in hk . the free night market tour be just brilliant and give us a good orientation of where we be in relation to the shop and markets . just a fantastice   star hotel , can not fault them in any way whatsoever . stay in club l suite and feel pamper

this hotel be simply amazing . efficient , friendly and professional . as soon as we arrive , hot towel be offer to us at the reception . great location in mongkok , in the centre of the shopping area on the kowloon penninsular . everything be a short walk away . room be not as big as i would like it to be , then this be hong kong , space be a premium . would be great if the internet be free ! !

langham place be locate in mong kok   an area which feel like real china

we be stay at the langham place as i be write this during   week . we be on a trip around the world for   year , just to tell you that we have be stay in a lot of hotel , resorts   

i book this hotel base on tripadvisor review and the recommendation from my daughter 's school to stay in mongkok . from the minute we reach the hotel , everyone be extremely helpful , kind and friendly . i have book the least expensive room  i do n't find it offensive when i be offer an upgrade for     per night  but it turn out nothing be available . the room be very nice  the king bed with many pillow and the rollaway be comfortable my son say and he would complain if it be n't . we have a nice view , three chair so we could all sit somewhere besides the bed and the incredible windowed bathroom . we have a rain shower and a separate deep tub . the room have a tea and coffee maker why do n't we do that in america ?  so my hot water for tea do n't taste like coffee ! with assorted teabags , coffee regular and   kind of instant and milo a malt hot drink , a flat screen tv , with a dvd machine , an ipod dock ,   phone one in the bathroom , nice toiletry and free bottled water . the toiletry and water be replenish at turn down time and extra chamomile teabags leave at that time . the gym be great and the pool area be beautiful with large red chaise and bed like rest with an almost a total   degree view on the   floor . no matter what time of day or evening , everyone smile at me and say hello . it be a wonderful experience . and if you have not see one before or not in many years like me , do n't miss the wet market a block behind the hotel  a huge contrast to the mall and the small market in the mall

myself     my husband stay here last week     be so blow away with the hotel that i think i would write a quick review for the   time as i find the review on here so helpful when book previous trip

after reading all the glow review on tripadvisor re this hotel we book hope to have a wonderful stay . we book   night in a club room   an average of     pn . we be thoroughly disappointed . my husband often travel to asia for work and he think this be the worst       star    hotel he have be to . he reckon the holiday inn be nicer ! ! the club lounge be very small and cramped . definately could not just chill out there like we have expect too . we sit there for   minutes before we be attend to . the snack be average . drink ok . we then go to our room . it seem tired    the carpet be worn . the furniture scratched . it be small but we have expect that . i have book this hotel directly online in nov   and request lavender pillow from the pillow menu . when we rang to find out their whereabout we be tell they do n't have any left . we then make another selection   again , not available . and another   none . we just tell them to send what they had . in the morning i have book a reflexology treatment at chuan spa . i be a beauty therapist so be look forward to a real treat . again   nothing special . waste about     my husband could see that i be really down about this whole hotel experience so we cancel the rest of our stay there and move to another hotel . at this price i have expect much much more . i would rate this hotel at   star not  

we splurge at the end of our vacation to stay on the club level at this wonderful hotel for my first visit to hong kong . by spending maybe     a night we be place on a high floor   out of   with an amazing view , in a beautiful room fill with amenities , and we have access to the   hour club lounge , which offer check in out , concierge services , full breakfast , afternoon snack , drink , coffee , massage chair , internet , magazine and tv as well as incredible views . if you stay on the club floor , you do n't have to deal with the downstairs staff at all just the doorman    not that there 's anything wrong with them , it 's just extra convenience for you . not to be miss be the mall that the hotel be attach to , and a shopping arcade with   floor and huge escalator that go up   floor at a time

first , we agree with previous trip advisor member 's comment about this hotel and want to add a little more detail about the hotel . first , the l . club be a must if you stay at this hotel , it come with breakfast in the l . club or their restaurant     the place    . the selection be incredible and we would say it be one of the best buffet breakfast we have ever had . the food selection we be foodie out rank some of the best one in la vegas . the buffet have dim sum , smoke salmon , sweet fruit , flakey pastry , american breakfast food item and the best taste coffee individually brew . you will taste . if you choose to have afternoon cocktail , the l . club have a huge selection of beverage   champagne , wine , soda , waters , fresh orange juice and a variety of snacks . it be a great place to go after a long day of walk all over hk

we stay at langham place hotel   night last week for our first trip to hong kong

it be a very good hotel for the money ~   chinese rmb   night average , include tax     , room type essential place king bed

excellent hotel in central mangkok right in the middle of everything . club room be be bit small , but the in room amenities would make up for it . room be on the   floor with a pretty good view . the room have   phone one which you could access the hotel intranet for map and general information of hong kong and airline which be pretty cool . there ere no printout anywhere that i could find that explain charge for in room movie or local call

i go to the hotel in   , and return by myself this time come back to oz from the uk . i book a standard room , but recall that they have     rain fall showers    in the nicer rooms . like the prevous traveller , they try the sales job on me for an upgrade . i ask if i could get an upgrade as i be a return guest , but that not seem to count . in the end , i get an upgrade with   single bed rather than a king bed which i accepted . so the down side be the single bed , but hey i be on my own at the end of the day  

we stay on route to and from oz in a superior room     buffet    breakfast include very clean and modern we be on high floor so the view be fantastic , staff friendly and very helpfull hotel in great location for shopping and explore all in all we have very pleasant stay both

i have to say i be very dissapointed with langham place in hong kong . we have book a standard room and when we arrive after a   hour flight , the last thing we want be a sales pitch to get us to upgrade at an extra charge . not very five star behaviour

we stay here over the new year base on review on tripadvisor . it be great . we could only get the first two night in a normal double room but book club lounge room for the last   night which be a much bigger room and free drink in the lounge with full breakfast choice and snack all day and night which be definitely worth the difference as all wine and shorts be premium drink with fridge full of canned soft drink and mixer too

locate next to a nice shopping centre with lots of shop , restaurant and a good cinema . metro station in the same complex . perfect . service very good , hotel be quite stylish and very comfortable . every place in the city very easy to reach by metro network . use the octopus card for travel within the city   best choice

we stay there for   night and my stay be amazing

pass through hong kong for   night , i want a modern luxury hotel with stunning views . that 's what i get at the langham place hotel

choose this hotel a because i be aware of the langham hotel in london and b due to all the positive review on trip advisor

this be our fifth trip to hong kong and i think that i shall never stay anywhere else

i 'll start by say that any hk hotel with a pool be a bonus . this one be not only on the rooftop with great view , but it 's heated ! there 's a whirlpool as well and a gym on the level below , with equally impressive view

we be recommend to stay here by trailfinders and they be absolutely right ! we upgrade to a club room and have the use of their lounge which be fantastic with breakfast , morning coffee , afternooon tea and cocktail available when you be ! the rooms be so luxurious with bathroom to die for ! we find the huge supersized bed to be really comfortable with choice of pillows . the hotel staff be so helpful , courteous and pleasant and attend to your every need   we would thoroughly recommend a stay here as an oasis in a mad city ! truly affordable luxury   they certainly know how to treat their guest

what all the review say about this hotel be true ! we be in hong kong for the bledisloe cup and decide on the langham . it be probably the best hotel i have stay in . the rooms be quite small normal for hong kong but feel spacious due to the clever use of glass and mirrors . the bathroom be really nicely set up the space be manage in such a way that it do n't feel small

this hotel have everything you would wish for , very luxurious , clean spacious and comfortable . we upgrade for a small fee to a higher floor room which give us a better view

this be my first contribution to tripadvisors reader and as i use this fabulous website to choose the hotel in which my spouse and me will stay i contribute too

me , my partner and our little toddler spend the   valentine holiday in hongkong . we stay at the langham place . i frequent hongkong and i usually stay at the marco polo prince

i take my father to hong kong for his xmas present and after look at review for various hotel i opt for the langham place and it be a great decision ! we have a residence suite on the   floor with stunning view over the city and the harbour . we book the limousine transfer from the airport through the hotel which be worth the money after a long flight , we arrive in the airport and go to the langham desk to be greet by a choice of drink and our case take off us   we do n't then have to touch the case until we unpack in the room . on arrival at the hotel we be take to the private check in in their club l lounge and again provide with refreshment whilst we check in . the staff be courteous and polite at all times and make us feel right at home . the room be large with all the amenities you could want and whilst the mini bar be expensive , that be what you expect from any large city hotel . the bed be comfy and if i could have unplumbed the shower and put it in my case to bring back to the uk i would have do ! the benefit of the club l lounge be massive   breakfast albeit simple provide daily and free tea , coffee and alcoholic drink all day . we spend quite a bit of time in there between venture into the area relax , enjoy the view and unwinding   perfect . the restaurant in the hotel be excellent but on the expensive side however again , along with the standard of quality come the price you pay . the area around the hotel be great for hustle and bustle and lots of market near by to browse and pick up bargains . a first class hotel that know how to treat people   i would return tomorrow

some distance away from tourist area but underground convienient

we really book this off the back of tripadvisor reviews . when i speak to a couple of people who know hong kong they raise their eyebrow suggest that mong kok be a bit of an odd location . i liken it to the difference between stay in the west end of london v east london . or if you do n't know london the difference between stay in brooklyn and manhattan . when i get to nyc , i always stay in brooklyn , better value , cooler , up and come and perhaps a bit trendier . i think the same apply for kowloon and mong kok . the langham be only build in   and it 's in the same complex as the area largest shopping centre and on top of a metro stop . before it be build , it be an area that not many tourist visit so it do have a more local and more real feel than hk island . the hotel be in the market district of hk and it 's well worth take the free tour at   from the lobby which help orientate and initiate yourself in the area

this be a hotel that you really appreciate when you stay at another hotel . everything be perfectly design and the service be exceptional . our room be average size for an australian hotel , but reasonably large when compare to other hotel in hk . we have a great view of the harbour and market below from our club room

we stay at langham place for four night to kick start our big tour

hotel be outstanding ! service , facility , location all top notch for a reasonable price

a first class hotel . definately one of the best in hong kong . stay here during chinese new year week and thoroughly enjoy it . deluxe room on   flr be spacious with a great bathroom , amazing view of the city and huge bed . excellent gym , sauna , steam room , jacuzzi on the   flr with more breathtaking view of kowloon . and the swim pool on the roof ! i would recommend this hotel for its service , rooms , facility and all round   star feel . the location be in the heartbeat of hong kong with plenty to see , do and of course eat ! get around be easy as the mtr be beneath the langham shopping mall . simply faultless and will be stay here again for sure

first , let me assuage any fear guest might have about the langham place be in a     bad    location . while there be a couple of dilapidate apartment tower nearby that be n't pleasing on the eyes , at no point do my wife or i have any fear about our safety while be out and about on the street nearby . probably the only reason this hotel be not more expensive be because it be further up the kowloon peninsula in mong kok than other hotels . this be easily overcome by the fact that the hotel be connect to a really nice mall that have a mtr subway station . hong kong 's mtr system be great for get around , and if you need to be somewhere quick , the taxis be cheap . the mall that be connect to the hotel have a nice food court and even a small little supermarket if you want to stock up with water and snack so that you 're not pay minibar price back in your room

we arrive in mong kok by the fantastic airport express bus . pay     for an hours journey have purchase an octopus card you must buy one . enter the hotel via the beautiful shopping mall we be dealt with quickly and efficiently by the reception staff . we be tell we have be upgrade to a better room which be nice . the room itself be very high up with great view over the city . the room be clean and well kept . good facility in the room as well . a very very expensive mini bar be empty and replace with our own wine and beer ! the leisure facility be really nice   a rooftop pool with jacuzzi and great view   a sauna , steam room and another jacuzzi in the change rooms   a very well stock gym with floor to ceiling windows look nice from the outside but we be on holiday !

as usual , i scan tripadvisor com thoroughly before settle on a hotel for our hong kong trip , as there a lot of new hotel since i go in   langham place stand out in the review and i book via opodo com for an essential place room at Â £   prpn , which seem a good deal for a   * hotel in the centre of kowloon

we arrive via tour bus at driveway , bellboy gather our luggage . a lady greet us , take us to elevator where we go up to the check in lobby . we be greet by a check in staff . present our passports . while wait , the first lady who greet us offer my whole family hot steam towel , it be a nice gesture . we go up to our rooms shortly . upon inspection , it be roomy . bathroom be very clean     smell clean . it have complete stuff like shampoo , conditioner , body wash , toothbrush     toothoaste , shaver     shave cream , tissue box ,   roll toilet paper , hair dryer , soap . in the cabinet   bathrobe ,   set slipper , iron board , electronic safe , shoe brush     shoe slip in assist , detergent , sew kit , shower cap , napkin bag , comb , emery board , cotton bud , laundry bag     request list . ref be fully stocked . full complement of tea bag , coffee , sugar , cream , milk ,   complimentary bottled water day , coffee maker     kettle , power adopter in case you forgot to bring one , lcd tv     dvd player , internet connection , note pad , brochure , magazine , pocket size vicinity map show hotel , banks , mall , food area . street market , etc . lots of pillows . electronic control aircon . clock radio with an ipod

we fly to hong kong with emirate via dubai and follow the two   hour flight we transfer to the langham place

as with every hotel we stay in in hk , the service from the moment you car pull up be exemplary . your bag will be lift out of the car for you and that 's the last you 'll see of them until they be bring to you room . a word of advice be not to turn up around midday as that be when everyone else be checking out and there be usually a queue at the regular reception

the room decor be modern . the hotel be connect to langham place shopping mall and mongkok station

this place be great . the view from the rooms over the bay be panoramic . the wall face the view in our room be totally make of glass which look good . the service and everything about this place be superb . the local area be interesting with local market and there be a tube station in the mall next door should you want to head over the the island

a great place to stay when you do n't have much time . we arrive at lunchtime on one day and be leave the follow evening en route to sydney . love the location and easy access to the markets . we spend a good couple of hours just explore the local area . if you want to go further access to the underground be two min walk

langham place be quite simply the best hotel i have ever stay in . from begin to end this stay be an absolute pleasure . the room , which be on the   floor , have a stunning view over the city , and whilst not of the hong kong island , be amazing as it look over the typically hong kong tower block of kowloon and beyond . the room be well present and quite spacious , very modern with every thing you could need . the hotel facility be fantastic , include a roof top pool again with more great view of the city . the breakfast be delicious , really vary and well worth the price . every member of staff we come into contact with be polite efficient and very helpful . the concierge be knowledgable and helpful throughout . i simply can not recomend this hotel highly enough and it fully deserve it 's top spot on this list . compare with the price of some hong kong hotel further down the top   , this hotel be an absolute steal

book by internet via expedia while sit in hotel room in hanoi , vietnam . confirmation be immediate . i be concern that we would get a less than great room as we do book through expedia , but not a chance

do not be put off by the fact that this hotel be in mongkok and not straight on the harbour front . this make the experience all the better as you actually see more of what the real hong kong be all about . it be a bustle and lively area with various market round about . the concierge run a tour of the local area that last about   min each night . it 's free so do n't miss it . there be a metro station nearby and can be reach within   minutes of leave the hotel , either by weave through the floor of the adjacent shopping mall look out for the huge escalator   i have never see anything like it or by walk out of the front door and go round the corner

attention to detail excellent . location excellent    service excellent . rooms excellent     staff excellent   can not go wrong with this hotellll

this property hit the sweet spot . its combination of superb service , fine amenities and great location make this a top choice in hong kong

thank you , thank you , thank you very much to the staff of the langham place mongkok lpm . you make this our best hotel stay ever . everyone â € “ from pink in reservation , to the three or four different consierges we speak to , to the room staff , to the checkout receptionist  be over the top . lpm do not only meet expectation   but , it exceed those big time

we stay   night in a club room over the xmas period the rooms be small but well appointed the club lounge be worth pay the money for and the staff be so very helpful

langham place hotel be highly recommended . the only downside be the distance from star ferry , however it be well locate in nathan road above an underground station   excellent for shopping both in mall and market   some tourist some local

book langham place after read the review on trip advisor and we be not dissapointed . we take a club room and while it costs a wee bit more , i reckon its good value . we eat breakfast every morning in the place and they offer a good variety which should cover all tastes . we eat a hearty breakfast which keep us go until evening and its include in the room price . club privilages also include wireless internet access and use of the spa and rooftop pool . lay in the hot tub look out over the hon kong skyline be brill . club l access give you breakfast , afternoon tea , light snack , soft drink and some of the hard stuff between   and   , so i think upgrade to club actually save

langham place super   * hotel in the hub of mongkok . langham place customer service be excellent . we up grade our room so it be nice and big with fab view of the city . we eat at the hotel chinese restaurant a couple of times , which be also excellent . we stay at   hotel whilst we be in hong kong over christmas and new year that be all very good . we like the luxe manor best because it be so quirky and different , with the add value of free bottled water and internet access worse breakfast though . my only bug bear which i notice a few people have mention be the langham place be what i would call a typical   * business hotel any thing extra how ever basic like water , internet access you have to pay extra for , i do think in this day and age internet should be in the price you pay at the start as it be a basic necessity for most people these days . however say that langham place offer good value for money over all

langham be the first stop on a mont long trip for us and we love it ! after reading review on this site we go ahead and book it and be not dissappointed . although not on the main hong kong island there be plenty of shop and restaurant in the area   the shopping mall that be literally attach to the hotel be great to have on the door step

check in be quick and efficient and staff be proffessional , we be on the   floor and although the lift be very quick some with view of outside on the higher floor they do take a very long time to become available

i stay at langham mongkok with my family for   night in december . the hotel staff be , like other   hotel in hk , very efficient , polite and professional at the front desk , room service and housekeeping . the hotel decor be modern , though the bathroom be a bit small . everything be very clean and tidy . the location be fantastic . right in mongkok . the only thing i wish they would improve be the security   anyone be allow to enter the lift at the ground level to the guest room floor without identification . the only time that you need to insert your doorcard into a slot in the lift be past   there be no security personnel at the street level lift lobby and the front desk for check in and check out be on the   floor . but hk be generally a safe place , so i do n't let this bother me much

fantastic location !

we stay here for three night from   december   and just love it . much as i love live and travel in europe it be a nice change and a real joy to go to asia and experience a service orient culture again

from our first enquiry email to the moment we check out of the property , the langham place hotel be an absolute pleasure to deal with . we love the great location , attach to the shopping mall and to the mtr station , yet in the middle of the real hong kong once you step outside . the lady market and some great electronics store at your doorstep

all the employee where helpful and friendly . the room live up to expecations and be great value for the high quality . a little problem with the internet connection be soon fixed . excellent room service . my short stay conclude with the duty manager escort me personally to my taxi . could not have ask for better treatment

the hotel rooms be very nicely decorate and it feel very warm and homely

i be more of a budget traveller so this be a fantastic experience for me . we begin our honeymoon with   night in a club room and really appreciate the extra service and the lounge with the complimentary snack and drinks . we also use the pool and the gym which be both excellent . the staff be very friendly and helpful and as we be leave very early in the morning on our last day even arrange breakfast in our room before the restaurant be open which be much appreciate

i travel extensively for business and leisure . i have hilton diamond vip and always stay at the conrad hilton in hong kong when on business . this time , for a family vacation , make more geographical sense to look for alternative hotel location . select the langham place base on review here . excellent choice for a change ! outstanding service from all staff during our   stay over the christmas period   courteous , friendly , very professional . very good property , good location if you be a tourist however , relatively far from financial business centre , good food . refresh to not have to complain or be disappoint about something .  

a very belated review i am afraid but my husband and i be on our honeymoon . we stay in a club room which be just gorgeous with a small kitchenette with mini bar , lovely bathroom , massive bed and plasma tv and a separate live room with plasma tv . the view over hong kong be stunning . our room be clean , tidy , very comfortable at all times

i usually stay at the tiresome shangri la and sheraton in kowloon for my business trip to hong kong . after much complaint make to my colleague in hong kong , they decide to have me stay in langham place in mong kok

a fantastic hotel

we stay   night on a stopover break from new zealand . the location of the hotel be great , right next to a large shopping mall with direct access to the mtr . we could not fault the staff who be always available to answer any query . we go on the hotel free   hour evening guide tour of local market which be informative . the pool be excellent with wonderful view over hong kong skyline . ask for a high room for wonderful view   this hotel would not be good for guest suffer from vertigo ! the glass wall between the en suite bathroom and bedroom be a bit of a shock until we realise there be a blind to pull down ! the restaurant and bar be expensive but very good . plenty of other eat option in the adjacent shopping mall we have a   departure and order breakfast in our room at   , it arrive bang on time and beautifully present

we have just return from spending a week at the langham place and have a fabulous time . from the moment we arrive the staff could not have be more helpful and friendly . we book an executive room and we be most impress , particularly with the view and the bathroom

my wife and i spend our christmas and new year holiday at the langham place and it be the best ever . even though it be three years since we last stay here there be note welcome us back . we stay a total of nine night and book the sweet place on the   floor at the club level . it be well worth it for the extra room space and inclusive club benefit and facility

the hotel be locate in a very busy working area and it be great to go outside and see small market , the mtr and a shopping mall . we stay for four very comfortable night in a club junior suite

very modern hotel . rooms be quite big per hong kong standard

i stay at the langham place with my   year old father and   year old son , who have learning difficulties . i love this hotel   the subtle decor , the gorgeous scent aroma of the entire place , the view from the room , the classy bathroom . it be all a delight

my hubby and i first stay at langham place hotel in july   for four nights . we be very happy with the hotel 's service and room that we go home and rave about it . we even recommend friend and colleague to stay at the hotel when they plan for trip to hk . the hotel have create a lasting impression on us

what previous review have say be true ! this hotel deserve to be on the very top list of hong kong . the room be very well decorate and with a little integration of technology have make it a whole lot better . the only bad thing be that internet be not free

the langham be a luxury hotel at a very reasonable rate . it 's a very short walk to the subway that quickly and cheaply take you anywhere you want to go in hong kong

this newer high rise hotel in the mong kok district pride itself on high tech feature like a cisco smartphone and little touch like a doorbell and tasteful light outside your door that indicate if you do n't want to be disturb or , conversely , would like the room make up . what surprise us , though , be the fact that one entire wall of the bathroom , which run along the tub and face the bed , be clear glass ! be this so you can watch tv while you bathe   or be it intend for more interpersonal vision ? a shade on one side and blind on the other allow you to make your own decision

my husband , daugher and i rent two club rooms , which be great . wonderful , comfortable bed , clean modern rooms , although not the largest we have ever stay in . bathroom also be new   wonderful shower with both     rainbird    and hand hold shower fixture , plenty of hot water , good water pressure . also the heat air condition work well . the three absolute for a good hotel room   good pillow , good shower , ability to regulate the room temperature . pay for a room on the top floor with access to the     club    be more expensive but well worth it . the concierge there be very helpful . there be always something good to eat available they have breakfast , tea , cocktail and a dessert time , it have ready computer access and be quite comfortable after walk around the packed street of hong kong . you have the choice of breakfast in the club or downstairs , with the downstairs breakfast much more elaborate , with plenty of choice of food . know , however , that everything be clear promptly at the time they say breakfast ends . we arrive at the hotel late in the evening and leave mid  morning   both times use the limo service , and again , although there be cost involve , we find it be worth the money . the location be n't the best   most american do n't stay in kowloon , we be tell by local ex pats we meet , and they refer to it as     the dark side,      but we find it convenient to the underground and easy to get where we want to go . we also want a more traditional experience , rather than a purely touristy one . we do n't visit the market there but do another several block away   mainly inexpensive but not terribly impressive goods . the attach shopping mall be exactly that   a fairly traditional shopping mall . all in all , we really enjoy our stay

my husband and i stay at the langham place for   night at the start of our honeymoon . we could not have pick a better hotel

langham place cowloon be a brief stay in heaven . the service be incredible . the cleanliness and decor be outstanding . the restaurant be fantastic . the spa ! the space be gloriously tranquil and amazingly equipped . the rooftop pool area be a marvelous little getaway in the city with it 's comfy furniture and excellent bar service . walk into langham place with their warm and helpful greeter be better than any hotel i have be in . langham place be worth every effort to stay

change hotel in hongkong after have read comment from other tripadvisor visitor

this hotel be gorgeous especially the spa

the langham kowloon be by far my favorite hotel in kowloon . yes , there be the peninsula but you be pay at least another     hk per night . the langham place offer the best value for the money and the rates have be fall over the last year

my wife and i stay at the langham place for   night at the begin of december to celebrate our   wed anniversary . from the moment we enter the hotel we feel welcomed . the staff be attentive , friendly and courteous and go out of the way to assist , e .g . when we ask for direction to the lady market . which be close by the hotel , it be n't just an explanation , the member of staff take the time to come out side with us and point us in the right direction

usually when you book a top rate hotel from this site you get good value for money . not this time ! book prime room for me girlfriend birthday . try to check in at   and they say we could not check in until   ! when you pay over   for a room you at least want to spend some time in it ! . eventually they tell us we ca n't have that room and we have be upgraded . sadly tho the room we be upgrade to be downgrade ! also housekeeper barge in after   min of arrival to clean room it have be clean   previously and be disturb by a bellboy try to give us a bucket of ice that we have n't ordered . other people at check in seem to have same problem about room not be ready . me and the girlfriend laugh it all off but seriously tho the service be worse than terrible

this be a very nice   star hotel in the middle of kowloon , hong kong . i book a weekend special direct with the hotel and the cost be     for   night with tax and service . ask for a high floor with a harbor view , which they will give you if available . free internet available on the   floor . super nice gym available on the   floor     if nothing else go there for the sunrise and sunset view ! rooms slightly small , but very well appoint , shade and blind available to provide privacy between the bathroom and bedroom area no problem with glass partition . staff very accomodating . hotel connect to very nice shopping center with store , food court , and supermarket

this hotel be by far the cheapest   star hotel i have ever stay in

i book langham place for a three night romantic getaway for my partner and i and from the moment we step inside the hotel , our expectation be far exceed and we could n't have be more impress by both the service and factilities on offer

i have to concur with previous reviewers . this be a wonderful hotel . the staff be exceptionally good . we have book   days at the langham and have book   days in macau . after speak with other traveller , they say that we should only spend two night in macau . after hearing that , we change our book in macau and book the intercontinental in hong kong for the extra nights . just to show how muuch we do not want to leave the langham , we cancel the intercontinental and spend the extra days at the langham . this hotel really feel like a home away from home . there be only one unfriendly person the whole time we be in hong kong and she be the person cooking eggs in the langham restaurant . for a city of million of people , that 's pretty impressive

love this hotel . not cheap but not a bad deal for what you get . super modern , well design rooms complete with full electronic gear and awesome view the hotel rooms start high up and it 's the tallest building around

i have stay in lhp twice , once last year and another time this year   i ca n't start to say how much i love the place . i could live there forever   ! i love the bathroom !

the langham place be a fantastic place to stay , i have never experience such politeness and customer service . the staff be incredibly helpful , very welcome and polite and nothing seem to be too much trouble . we spend   night here on the way to au and book a king size room which be fantastic . the standard rooms appear a bit on the small side from the glimpse that we see of them but i am sure the other facility in the hotel would make up for this . the gym be great as be the spa area and the pool . the mong kok area be an interesting if somewhat hectic place to stay but hey that 's the case everywhere in hong kong , do n't expect to walk anywhere in a hurry , this be the most populate area on the planet and it certainly feel like that when you take what should be a   minute walk down to victoria harbour   do n't expect to do it in less than   minutes

i move here after originally book into langham hotel in tst by mistake   the staff there move me quickly to the langham place . i have previously stay at jw marriott on hk island but think it expensive and seek out the langham place due to its proximity to my office and it be cheaper than jwm

i spend two night at the langham place in hong kong , mongkok district kowloon

we stay for   night at the langham place over a weekend

summary

i stay here with my wife for my   birthday . we decide to splash out and stay in one of the suite call 'sweet place ' two bathroom , two tv 's so we could have access to the club lounge . i recommend visitor do this as it also include breakfast which be excellent . if possible try and get a room on the   floor . this be where the club lounge resides and it then almost become an extension of your room . you can just pop outside your room to get unlimited drink and deserts snacks etc

go to hong kong for the   time can be a bit daunting and if you 're look for the perfect place to situate yourself , then the langham fill the bill . it 's at the heart of kowloon and close to mall , train and ferries . the staff be of the highest standard and ca n't do enough for you , right down to the chambermaid

stay for three night in a standard room . as with other review , find the hotel to be excellent   the room be spacious , the bathroom fantastic and the bar excellent . give the rate , it be incredible value for money

my boyfriend and i only stay here for one night on our way back to london for the phillipines . i wish i could have stay forever

after see all the rave review here we book the langham place for our two stay in hong kong this month . everything be true   this be an excellent hotel ! check in be a breeze . we be very early so we could change in the spa after an   hour flight to hk . hotel room be ready around noon   what a great room . not very big but feel more roomy due to the glass wall of the bathroom . everything you could wish for be there in the room . great bathroom with a view of the city and harbour , very comfy bed with lots of soft pillow , all kind of amenities . i ca n't think of anything negative about the room or the hotel . we book breakfast in advance   hkd per person , great . on our last day we have to leave very early for an   be flight to the mainland so we have breakfast in our room at   am . at exactly   breakfast be serve to our room , everything that we ask for be there

i am not go to repeat everyone else but you ca n't go wrong with a club room and access to the lounge   price include all drink and food throughout the day in the club lounge and the club rooms be amazing

we recently return from stay at langham place in hong kong   i can only say it be an excellent experience . we splurge and request transfer from the airport   do this   hot towells , water , porter all await you   worth the price , then we arrive , have our own check in person , take us right up to our lovely room on the   floor   nice view   finished   from then on it be great service , terrific breakfast , lovely comfortable clean room and answer to all our questions . i simply can not recommend this hotel enough  

we book this hotel for a   day stop over on our way back to the uk from new zealand , the previous recommendation be very accurate and it certainly do n't disappoint

as a club member , we get   days upgrade to the suite and the service be wonderful . our group have   people but only   check in of course so we have to tiptoe around the club level and i am sure the staff know but just try to ignore it for our own sake . delicious food and drink in the club be available to dine in or even take back to room all through the day and free breakfast for   people room . in the morning   people in our group have their breakfast in the club house and   in the buffet area downstair , totally free of charge we know we be badddd . beside welcome fruit on the first day , every evening we receive a free plate of chocolate cookies and   cup of ice cream hide in the freezer . the bed be a bit small though . swim pool and sauna steam room hot tub be beautiful . they use molton brown and their own brand langham toiletries . the food court link to the hotel be amazing and i am not even a food court person . the shopping mall which langham be connect be not very big compare to other mall in hong kong , but they have store like h    m , seibu , i t , kiehls etc and a movie theatre . the mongkok mtr station be right across the street , hsbc bank be within   min walk if you have hsbc account anywhere in the world , go to the bank here to convert your money because they offer the best rate with no fee . the mongkok area around the hotel be full of activity and shop electronics , shoes , night market etc open until very late . the flower  birds   fish market be also close by . if you want a luxury hotel within a local hang out area on kowloon side , langham be the best choice for you

we stay here for   night in feb   , and love the hotel

love our stay at the langham . we take the train from the airport to kowloon station and take a cab to the hotel cost     . there be porter ready to help us with our bags . checkin be quick and easy . we be give a free upgrade to the executive level

mong kok may seem an odd place to base yourself in hk but believe me , it work

they obviously invest a lot to make this a good hotel . but  

i have to say this be the only   star hotel i have stay in so i do n't exactly speak from a wealth of experience , but i find the hotel to be amazingly well equipped and well present without be ostentatious . the staff be very attentive but not overly so

stay at the langham in early sept for   nights . since i be travel with my wife and   old , i book a residence suite and have pre ordered a transfer from the airport . this be a great choice

this hotel be very nice and have all the mod con you would expect . personally i would n't stay here again purely because i would choose another location next time but the hotel be lovely , especially the pool

langham place be a wonderful hotel in a great location . mtr station in the building make get around hong kong very easy . i stay in the hotel alone , security be great and i feel very safe . i would highly recommend this hotel . look and smell great too

i stay at langham place hotel w  my partner for   night in later sep early oct . i think our stay be worthwhile because the room , facility     services match its   rating , while room rate be more affordable than the other   hotel in kowloon

stay here for the first week of honeymoon . the hotel be fantastic . book club level room directly with the hotel , so get a discount for     pay in advance . stay on   floor in a studio room   this be at the end of the corridor and have get   degree view windows instead of wall for half of the room . view be amazing , especially as this be the tallest building in mongkok . stay at club level mean we have access to the club l lounge and you could eat and drink here , all day and also have access to computer , internet and printer

this hotel be just superb ! great rooms with a huge plasma tv , high tech bathroom , great bed , beautiful view ! a huge shopping center ist just outside the hotel as be the metro station of mongkok . on the room there be a beautiful swimmingpool and a great fitness center ! the hotel to be in kowloon mongkok

they do n't come much better than this . efficient and friendly staff , stylish interior and excellent facility   what 's not to like ? we stay two night and love every minute of it . for a first visit to hong kong , it be a great choice that make us enjoy the town all the more . i would have no hesitation in book this hotel again or in recommend it to friend

we take the family   adult   kid ,         to hong kong sept   for a week and have a wonderful time at the langham place hotel . we have a quad room and it be perfect with queen bed and   single 's , a magnificent bathroom and wonderful views . the pool on the   floor be a real hit with the kids . the staff be plentiful and attentive . the buffet breakfast be extensive and the ming court restaurant be very good . the hotel be attach to a very good fashion shopping mall and close to lady market , electronics and sport good streets . we find the mtr a dream to use , once we purchase the octopus card . entry to the mtr station be via the shopping mall   all undercover and air condition

i be in china for all of august   for work . i work primarily in china or on the border in sheung shui . normally i stay closer to the border , but due to the olympics i have to make other plan

i want someplace different to stay in hong kong this time and choose this one base on trip advisor reviews . the staff be super friendly and attentive . i mean they be great ! ! i choose the smaller room and yes , it be small , but it be nice . cleverly decorate , a little wear and tear but well within acceptable ranges . bed softer than usual chinese style , but still pretty stiff for my western tastes . the bathroom be unique and have take up the newer style of have things open and visible if you want , but they allow for full privacy if you want that also . watch out for the faucet in the sink tho ! jet power and all over your shirt

we stay at the langham place       september for   nights . i be look forward to it after reading the review on ta . we arrive in the afternoon after a long overnight flight from the uk . it be strange to arrive at a small space and take a lift up to the lobby . check in be quick and painless and i have arrange an upgrade to an executive room before we arrive

my partner and i stay here in late september   i truly ca n't understand the rave , salivate and gush review on here

this hotel be one of the highlight of our honeymoon . we will always remember the langham fondly and be so attach we 're choose to stay with them in their hotel in krabi for our next holiday . it really make a difference when you 're on a high stress sight see holiday to have somewhere you can go back to to relax at the end of the day . and the view from our room be amazing . we have so many scetches of the hong kong skyline

a hotel that perfectly blend luxury and technology , from the moment reservation be make online to the i pod enable music player in the room

previous writer have rate this hotel highly and i be simply add my fulsome praise . we stay for a week in september   it be rare to enjoy such hospitality and attention to detail in a modern hotel . location be convenient , interesting and well connect by taxi and public transport . rooms finish and equip to a high standard . staff , whether concierge , restaurant , check in , spa , pool or club lounge well worth pay extra be efficient , friendly and helpful . to be frequently greet by name and a smile be commendable . other h k hotel , while often excellent feel 'stuffy ' in comparison . slightly larger room would have be nice but the hotel lack for nothing . probably the best city hotel experience i have ever enjoy

my wife and i stay at the langham place mongkok lpm in late august this year

this be my second visit to the langham and it be nothing short of fantastic  i arrange for the limo , which for   people work out at around       more than the airport

we have just return from stay at this lovely hotel our first think when we pull up be eegh the location,more about that later we be take to check in and very quickly book in we have an executive room on the   floor,it be great,large flat screen plasma tv,dvd player,coffee tea tray,floor to ceiling windows with a great view,the best bit be the bathroom with a glass screen look into the bedroom,a lovely deep bath tub a glass shower cubicle and a glass wash basin we also have bathrobes and slippers the bed be very comfy and large king size the room be spotlessly clean and the maid do a brilliant job each day as do the turn down staff who replace towel etc if needed the pool be on the   floor and open from   until   each day,they have change rooms with shower and hot tub in,also everything else you could need gel , shampoo ,conditioner ,hairspray , deodorant,hairdryer the breakfast buffet be excellent you can have eggs cook any way hot buffet mix of chinese and english,bread and pastry counter,cereals porridge , cold meat and smoke salmon they even have yakult and much more include a choc fountain the dinner buffet be out of this world for   mon to thurs and   on fri sit and sun it be worth every penny ,the king prawn be the biggest ive ever see and the desert counter be to die for they have to much to list here the location at first look a bit scruffy but once you get walk about amongst the million it seem like it of people it be great,we preferred this side to hong kong island you be a   minute walk from temple street night market and   min from lady market and we feel very safe walk about at midnight there be also a huge mall and mtr station adjoin the hotel the only thing i would say be watch your bill,we go to ask about get an early breakfast as we lraving at   and they try to tell us we be only book in to have   breakfast out of   day stay,i have give them my voucher from travel agent state   days but they be adamant and say they would have to ring them,it turn out we have pay for   so they say we could have the last days in room when i go to check out she be go to charge me ,said computer not be update   days ago she say we wouldnt be charged,we will wait for the credit card statement to come this be the only blip they have alco leave a large bottle of wine and chocolate in our room for our wed anniversary which be lovely so all in all i would say stay at this modern spotlessly clean and friendly hotel and soak up the local atmosphere we think it be great

we have just return from a   night stay at this hotel and i can only echo all the praise extressed by fellow reviewers . inparticular i would advise visitor to pay the extra for the club lounge   if you consider it include breakfast which be something like Â £   a head anyway then it 's not a whole lot more . we be in and out of there all the time . it be very handy to use the lounge as a base , an extension to your room . we 'd get back from visit and nip in for a drink and a nibble whatever time of day almost . it be never overly busy and we chat to a number of people . the sinlge visitor we speak to quite like the fact that it be an opportunity to interact with others

myself and my husband stay here at the end of our honeymoon . we stay in   hotel in thailand before we arrive in hong kong . we have arrange the hotel car pick up service which be fast     efficient . on arrival at the hotel we be be lead to the main check in desk however as we be stay in a club room we shoudve be take straight up to the lounge to check in . i have email the hotel let them know we be on honeymoon and they say they would have champagne for us but we not get any . we be disappoint after the fantastic treatment we receive in the hotel in thailand

too expensive but

the

if you want the authentic hong kong experience , this be the place to stay . it be luxurious and situate in the middle of mong kok , one of the more interesting shopping district in hong kong . just two block away from the hotel you 'll find the lady market , pack with street trader , and bustle with locals . this be not to say that luxury shopping be not close at hand , as the hotel be adjacent to the magnificent langham place mall , with shopping on over   levels . the mong kok mtr station be access easily from the mall , give fast access to hong kong island . watch for the early morning subway crush though

our langham place stay start on a high note with our arrival at hong kong airport,we have arrange transfer with the hotel and our arrival at the airport hotel desk be greet with smile refreshment a lovely welcome and a speedy stress free transfer to the hustle and bustle of mongkok and the tower glitter langham place hotel where once again the staff ensure that our welcome,check in and transfer to our suite on the   floor go smoothly and quickly the rooms be spacious well appoint with a small kitchen lovely marble bathroom and a view over mongkok towards the harbour to die for the hotel be locate within walk distance of the market and a direct link to the underground station and you feel as if you be in 'old ' hong kong the langham place isa luxury modern hotel where the staff do everything to ensure that you enjoy your stay  we will be back

i have just return from a   night stay in a club room at the langham place and would definately recommend this hotel to anyone , particularly the club rooms . check in be do in the club lounge which be the only problem i have with this hotel . there be always a wait at the club desk whenever i go there include check in and check out as they seem to be do the job of concierge and front desk for all the club rooms . at least you can enjoy a drink in comfort whilst you wait ! the staff be always very friendly and efficient and apologetic if you have to wait

have just get marry in fiji we arrive in hong kong for the start of our honeymoon . i have choose the langham place hotel from the review on trip advisor . i book my accommodation direct with the hotel and be very impress with the efficiency they show with my bookingenquiries . i can honestly say this hotel throughly deserve it top rating on trip advisor

this be such a beautiful hotel . the staff be extremely helpful at all times . i love my room which be very spacious and it be so nice to be able to watch the olympics from the bathtub ! the huge tv on the wall be great and i be so busy that i never do use the dvd player provided . the cleanliness be awesome , the bed be very comfortable and the pillow so soft . i also try the lavender and rise pillow from the pillow menu , mmmmmm . the hotel provide complimentary water in the room and plenty of tea , coffee and milk in the fridge . there be a safe in the closet . i have a free newspaper daily . there be free use of internet in the portal on level   with   mac and   pc so i only have to queue once . the rooftop swim pool be very nice . the only drawback i could imagine some would find be the location in mongkok but i love travel by bus and the hotel be only   block from the nathan road and all the bus there and the mongkok mtr station . i use the extra sightsee part of my day as a bonus . on the other hand , the hotel be very near the lady market and temple street night market . the langham place mall be link to the hotel and there be a food court and a little convenience store

this be my second stay at the langham place , my last visit be two years ago . the hotel have a good location in mongkok , which be a slightly run down area but be safe for tourist , with easy access to a number of attraction and shopping area , the primary reason for most peoples visit . the mtr be next to the hotel , although taxis be cheap and more convienient . the hotel have a good size gym with a roof top pool , and the well equip change rooms feature a sauna , steam room and hot tub . although show sign of wear , the rooms be fairly spacious with nice bathrooms . service at the restaurant and reception be efficient , but fairly clinical , i unsuccesfully attempt to arrange a late check out from my room , a simple and reasonable request , but i be advise to contact my travel agent in the uk as this would be easier ! if this be your first visit to hk you wo n't be disappoint with this hotel location and facility , however for return visitor or the more discern traveller there be better alternative available

great experience here . excellent service from the moment we walk in the door to the moment we left . the club rooms be worth the extra money because you get club privilege   late check in   free drink and food     great view over hong kong from the club lounge and you can use the facility after you have check out if you have a late flight

oasis of peace in the middle of the bustle of mongkok . superb hotel with all the expect facility at a good value price . our   floor executive room be spacious , clean     comfortable . excellent service throughout . we have never have as stress free an arrival in a new city as we do in hong kong , have book the transfer from the airport to the hotel . good location close to subway , make easy connection to all parts of the city

go with my wife for   week and weren Â ´ t disappointed . good location mtr every   min in every direction just on a reach , mall connect with nice shop an food stalls recommend the pepper house , great rooftop pool   floor , nice spa facility and gym on   floor

we stay at the langham place for   night in august and be not disappointed . my wife and i both agree that be probably the best hotel we have ever stay in

in my job i get the chance to stay in many many hotel all around the world that range from   + star everything to   star its a room depend on the location however as its business i am not pay so im always interested in try new place and take a chance

i spend   days in hong kong , between three hotel all   start in hk island , kowloon , and mongkok

where do i start to tell you of our fantastic experience recently in hong kong mong kok . well , firstly we pay for a limo pick up and return to the airport , so once our flight land from denpesar in bali , we collect our luggage and make our way to the langham place reception desk situate at area b where we be greet with a welcome pack and a variety of soft drink and waters . we be advise that our limo be wait for us , and be take directly there by one of the assistant from the desk . our driver welcome us by our name , load up the car and sweep us away in our mercedes , offering us more water on the way

wow , what a gem

after reading all the glow review of the hotel on tripadvisor , my wife and i decide to spend three night at the langham place , mongkok in july

the hotel be clean , beautiful , convenient . every detail from the scent to the paper to the bathroom mirror be execute with oc ness . the hotel staff be very sincere , friendly , helpful     anticipate my needs . when the ref in the room be not cold , it be replace within   minutes

stay for   night at the langham place in july   as part of our honeymoon . have a junior suite on floor   , good value for money , well worth the extra spending

we choose the langham place after read the review on tripadvisor   and we be not disappointed . we spend   night at the langham place last weekend

this be alovely hotel and the staff be great . although the food and drink be of a very high standard they be very expensive . rooms be nice and comfortable though be alot smaller than we think and the bathroom be not as high class as they make out   still have a nice stay though and can not complain about the hotel

an oasis of calm and luxury in the heart of bustle mong kok . we stay on the club l floor which aside from have a gorgeous room with a great view of the city it mean we have a special personal check in in club l where there be a free internet den , massage chair and unlimited food , drink , breakfast , afternoon tea for club l guests . the whole hotel smell of gingerflower which be lovely and be connect to a huge shopping centre with loads of nice shop , restaurant , coffee shop , supermarket , cinema     basically they make it hard for you to want to leave the building

stay here for   night during my trip    booked the club room  and believe me they be great ! ! ! my room be on the   floor and there be a amazing view of the hong kong from my room !

i stay in a deluxe room at the langham place hotel in mong kok with two friend for five night

this hotel , as others have say be amazing . the staff be brilliant and ca n't do enough to help you , the facility be great . it 's right on top of the mtr station so if you need to travel then it 's easy . the location be good for eat and shopping nearby if you do n't want to go far . the pool and spa be amazing and the change facility provide everything you could ever dream of require to get yourself ready for a long flight

we choose this hotel base on the review on tp and also personal recommendation by friend of a friend . we stay   night in aug . we have a   room king size and a single bed and although small for european and definitely american standard , it be adequate and normal for hk standards . we have a room on the   floor and the view be amazing . it facility in the room be really good and love the ip phone , ipod dock facilities . cupboard storage space be small for   people   enough for the few days but not for   week

stay here for   night and it be awesome . my wife be a frequent guest here for work and i do n't believe the glow report but she be true . we have family room which have   singles and a double ned . the room have everything that you could think of in terms of complimentary water , toiletry , cordless room phone that work anywhere in the hotel etc . we use to olive in hong kong and choose the location as it allow us to show the kid a different amd more real side to hong kong as compare to central . the langham be situate in the heart of mong kok and be close to     sneaker    street and     electronic    street . the mtr station be a short   minte walk from the hotel and you can access disney land via   stop on the mtr

this hotel be in a class of its own   a stand alone . the ambiance , the respectful and helpful staff , the quality of the hotel

i choose this hotel a because of the excellent review , b because of the convenient location in kowloon . i be n't disappointed . although the rooms be the usual hk size , they be impeccably clean , have all you need and more , and the service be attentive and professional . i would go for a higher floor executive room next time , although my standard one be cozy and modernly furnish

we stay here at the end of our   day trip to china and we be a little tired of travel by the time we hit hong kong . i do not find this hotel as compel as other reviewers . i be not that picky and there be nothing really to complain about with the exception of the pretty small rooms . this , even though we be on the executive level which have the     larger    rooms than the standard one on the lower floors . the other hotel we stay at all   star place be actually nicer than this one . the rooms be larger and the food on the club level , be better and more plentiful . breakfast on the club level be fine but after this , there be n't much to munch on . the spa be very , very nice

langham place be an outstanding hotel with the add bonus that it costs less than most other hotel of it 's caliber in hong kong

the langham place in hong kong be an awesome hotel . all i really need to say to sum it up be that you can order different flavor pillows . there be even a pillow menu that describe each flavor and its benefits . this be the level of service at the langham . if you decide to stay , you should stay on the floor where you get access to the club room . this room feature free drink and internet along with a place to lounge and relax in your very own massage chair

absolutely fantastic , best hotel experience i have have

have just move on from a   night stay at langham place , luckily move just before the storm hit hong kong . stay in room on   floor , an executive room . excellent view of kowloon and could just about see the harbour from the big windows . rooms be compact but big enough unless you be stick in it all day . amenities be good , bathroom nice , tv large with some english language channels , iphone thing useful if you have an ipod to plug in it

i spend far too long reading a bazillion review on tripadvisor before book this place . here be the summary

stay at langham place on a business trip

from the limousine pickup at the airport , through the personalise check in process , right through to checkout , the whole experience be seamless

this be our first trip to hong kong although we have travel as a family through asia alot my family of   and kid   and nearly   absolutely love the langham place where we stay for  

we stay for   night at the beginning of jul   and have a fantastic stay . on arrival , they give us the wrong rooms , but then upgrade us to a suite . the club l rooms be great and the club l bar be excellent . include drink be all name brand , include free mumm champagne every evening . also , food and canape be more than enough to forget go out for a meal

i just return from a few night stay at langham place hotel

a great hotel with fantastic service . while the rooms have be slightly small the level of service by hotel staff certainly make up for it . in room access be provide complementary for club rooms which be a nice bonus

after week of deal directly with the hotel i end up with a fabulous deal . stay in a spa room for one night as be book a treatment anyhow and the price work out the same . start with a standard room but watch their site and eventually have a suite deal for Â £   more per night than a standard room . whole experience fabulous , from be collect at the airport with a member of staff wait for us at the door . spa room be small but fabulous , the whole experience make us forget about any jet lag . access to the member lounge well worth it , have a few drink there every night and some food after tours and shopping . breakfast be better in the main area but much busier than the lounge . love the luxury but be leave alone at the same time . buy an oyster card , well worth it . not really worth get the train up the peak as you ca n't see anything . you can use your oyster card on the star ferry and then get a bus to the peak   better than make your way into town , walk and join the long queue for this short journey . if you be vegetarian remember that most of the food contain oyster sauce ! for fast food , recommend curry in a hurry within the mall

i have be to hk many times but this trip by far be the best in terms of hotel experience . langham place be a great hotel with superb personal service and fantastic food . you must upgrade to the club rooms ! it 's worth it and completely change the experience . from check in to the personal room walk through , everything be   star personal service . and the   hour lounge , massage chair , free flowing drink and snack be perfect after a long day of shopping and walk around town

diamond in the rough my girlfriend and i stay at lhp for   nights . it 's in mongkok , and all of the happen place be about   minutes away by train , and   hkd by taxi . it would really be helpful if you buy the   mtr pass if stay at lhp . now the good part   we stay at the club rooms , and it be pretty standard because it be n't that spacious . the exclusivity be key because not anyone may access rooms above the   floor . it be always well maintain and all the amenities be first class it be definitely a room for honeymooner or a weekend getaway with a love one . then there club l . its a quaint lobby on the   floor that serve as a chill out lounge with all your hedonistic needs . they offer snack and drink   , breakfast until   , cocktail and champagne from   , and massage chair that face a huge fish tank , etc , etc , etc . all these for free . i be blow away with the amenities because you can basically just pig out in the lounge area , eat some good cheese , drink champagne , and enjoy the view , and not worry about pay for anything . it feel like you 're at home , and yet have first class service . on our last day , since our flight be at       , they let us stay and lounge and settle down before the long trip home . i figure , after a long and tire day of shopping around the city , if we have no place to rest , relax and recharge , our trip would have end awful . fortunately , langham place give the best service and provide the best amenities . full props to its professional and very accomodating staff ! my girlfriend and i ca n't stop talk about it on our way back home . nice

great location

i can say little more that perfection

we stay at langham place for a two night holiday in their standard double room . the hotel be very luxorious and right in the center of all of the market , so very central location . everyone at the hotel be very helpful and always courteous . the room be very small , but this seem to be standard for hong kong . we be travel with our   old baby and the staff be great about set up a nice crib and even give us a basket of baby necessity baby soap , lotion , etc

stay for   night in june   the room be a little small , but the bathroom be quite elegant and spacious . bed be wonderful and luxurious and pillow be fantastic . highly recommend join the business club   hk night which include breakfast for two , free internet in room and or lounge . spacious lounge with free drink and food open   hours , and free newspaper in various languages . staff be wonderful , friendly and helpful in all respects . all in all just a great place !

first impression be good , but if you take a closer look you might not be so happy . i have stay here almost weekly for the last six months . this hotel be glamorous , with well appoint if small rooms , stylish bathroom and hi tech gadgets . the staff be efficient , the spa , health club and pool be well appoint and the location be great . however the bathtub in most rooms i have stay have black mould around it from the water which do not drain away , and often wet the floor make it a slip hazard . the room attendant start cleaning from   , so expect to be wake early to the clang of metal rubbish bin on marble bathroom floor , and the slam of doors . especially if you be in rooms   to   which be near the service area . the bed be extremely firm and the pillow very soft , so call for a feather pad to be place over the mattress if you do n't want to wake up sore . several times the tv remote , the tv itself of the hi tech telephone have break and have to be changed . you can get a bigger and better room for the same money

we be on a   month round world tour with two small child   and   we take a langham suite with access to club l and this be one of the best hotel we have stay at . the service be impeccible , the concierge answer all our questions . club be definitely worth having . food at the place be brilliant . recommend the buffet . chef provide great childrens meal recommendthe baby shepherd pie suite be quite small   this be typical for hk . when we talk to the concierge he recommend the resident suite for family with an extra room if you have larger child because it have a kitchennette . right on top of the mtr which mean everything be a short ride away . main shopping area be right here . swim pool be fab with excellent view   floor and the spa and gym be   * really amazing . unless you really want hk island this place be impossible to beat for value for money .

if you expect people in hk to speak english fluently , i think you would be disappoint that most people do not speak the language , or at least pretend that they do not know . if not for the hotel staff in provide me with the utmost detail of what i need to know , i would have have difficulty navigate through the street of hk . i be especially thankful of stephen poon , the assistant manager on duty the evening of my arrival . without his willingness to help my wife and i , our honeymoon through hk would not have be as good . the staff at the langham will take the extra effort to make your time worthwhile

just back from the langhamplace hotel what a great place to stay we thouroughly enjoy every moment of our stay here , the staff here cant help you enough and go out of there way to make you feel comfortable and have an enjoyable holiday cant speak highly enough about them . the hotel itself be amazing artwork everywhere on all wall and in every room there be something for everyone to feast there eyes on . the rooms be not big at least ours wasnt we stay in the lowest room category but what you not get in size be more than make up for in comfort and conveniance with big plasma tvs,dvd player and a phone system that be like your own information library you can get everything from exchange rates to weather forecast to airport timetable it be something else believe me . the bathroom be spacious and have a bath and shower with great water pressure very clean and all the usual complimentary item throw in and more,the bed and pillow be very very comfortable a great night sleep we be so glad we stay in mongkok as it be a great area and only a short train ride to anywhere . the hotel be link to a shopping mall that be massive itself and the surround area be pack with all sort of shopping . please try some egg tart cook fresh everymorning by the local they be to die for . we highly highly recommend this hotel it be the best i have stay

great concierge service , great customer service , great dine , too ! ! ! gorgeous rooms , fantastic view , this be by far one of the best hotel we have ever visit ! we have a minor mishap one of our two rooms be unavailable till the evening because of a cruiseship layover . we be a bit upset after due to our extensive travel , but after we discuss it with the front desk , they handle it very very well . we be compensate fairly and professionally . the follow day they deliver wine and treat to both rooms and include a handwritten letter from their manager ! very classy service

my husband take me to the langham place hotel not to be confused with the langham hotel for our first wed anniversary . we have a club suite and it be amazing   the bathroom be bigger than the blue banana ! ! it be absolutely divine . the roof terrace pool , the dream menu selection of bed , the spa , the restaurant , make the whole experience exquisite . the club louge provide a self service and well stock bar with a variety of snack available throughout the day . its lovely feeling to drink champgne overlook hong kong !

the langham place be on kowloon and in a great location . however , do n't be fool into think you will get any harbour view from here . you wo n't . we stay in a club room on the same floor as the club lounge it be a nice room , with a great bathroom . the room size be a little compact but it be all we need for a two night stay . we use the lounge facility every morning for breakfast , and again for cocktail in the evening . the it facility in the lounge be also first class and available   we eat at the restaturant one lunch time which be actually quite good consider it be a buffet . the hotel be connect to a good mall so there be plenty of choice close by . we take a cab to the star ferry to cross over to hong kong island . cab be relatively cheap here . the pool on the top floor have a great aspect over the city skyline and be quite a cool place to hang out for a couple of hours one evening . we take the bus service from the airport which be great as the langham place be the first stop in kowloon . we order the limo service for the return journey which be seamless and a nice treat . overall , the hotel be really good . great value for money consider how expensive hong kong hotel are . the rooms be a little on the small side , and we not get to check into our room until   despite arrive at   however , the hotel do allow us use the lounge facility until our room become available which be well appreciated . will definetly stay here again . highly recommend

we read many review , and try to find a hotel in hong kong that offer luxury , but at a relatively affordable price . we wound up book the langham in mong kok . we book a   room suite on the club floor through the hotel 's web site which i would highly recommend surf , it 's a little complex but the best deal for this hotel be there , at a little over     per night . while , as most people state , we find it a little out of the way , the hotel be wonderful . first , i would highly recommend the club floor rooms . the rooms be higher up , offering relief from the claustrophobia of hong kong . second , the club lounge be excellent   and , like the rest of the hotel , it just grow and grow on you . it 's open   hours , unheard of in this day and age , and offer breakfast , many course of light appetizer , sweet at night , and drink of all kind , both soft and alcoholic , and champagne at certain hours . it also have   massage chair , a business center with mac 's and pc 's and printer , a dvd lending library , nice seat , and a nice staff , and expresso maker which i love , expresso every day , and excellent expresso at that

well , perfection be not attainable , but langham place be as close as it can be . i am not write a long review because everything about this hotel be excellent , whatever it is . the rooms , the location , the staff , the buffet breakfast , the pool , the gym , the spa , everything exceed my expectation

it 's easy to understand why this hotel be rank     in tripadvisor . we book   night here in may and be totally pleased . as previous poster have mention , the rooms be well maintain , the bed very comfortable , and the service be excellent . we book an executive room on an upper floor , which provide very nice view of the surround area . the maid leave us two bottle of water each day , with another two bottle leave with the nightly turndown service , which be very helpful . we opt for the daily buffet breakfast at the place restaurant , which the hotel offer at a discount rate if book with the room on their website . we look forward to the breakfast each morning , as the variety , food quality , and ambience of the room make for a very relax and enjoyable meal . the buffet include some dim sum , noodle or fry rice , various entree , an omelette station , breakfast meat , juice , fresh fruit , pastry , bread and coffee and tea . the service here be also excellent . we also try the dinner buffet one evening , which although pricey , be well worth it for the quality and variety of the dish

we just stay at langham place in hong kong for   nites in may . it be a great location . connect to a large shopping mall and a mtr station . to go to the mtr station , you can walk indoor all the way . the shopping mall have a supermarket . it be easy to get snack and drinks . the food court in the shopping mall be great also . there be many great shopping place around the hotel . within walk distance . in regard to the hotel , we love the room . it be a bit small for the price . for less   , you can get a suite with a live room at eaton hotel which be close by . but the rest of the room be great . very clean . we do not understand how everything can sparkle after each cleaning . the shower be sooooo clean . the maid also go out of her way to give us bottle of water when she see us come back from a long day of shopping ! however , it be a bit disappointing that the room smell musky if the a c be off for a short time . try to keep it on . we also have trouble with get both english and chinese newspaper . they do not understand that we would like both   try to explain   days in a row and i speak cantonese . my husband do not read chinese even though he look chinese . in summary , we love it despite these little things . we will consider go back there but will probably pay more for a bigger room

we just finish our stay at langham place hotel . this one be an absolute gem . we love our stay here . first of all , this be a classy hotel with amazing service and outstanding amenities . the rooms be excellent and include very confortable bed , a large screen plasma tv , internet and spectacular views . there be excellent food in the restaurants . the breakfast be very luxurious . you can also order afternoon high tea , which be a great experience . there be a fantastic gym and spa

we stay four night in a club room in early may . everything be great about this hotel , from the pickup within moment we arrive at the airport until they drop us of again four days later we prebooked the limo service , very efficient email response from the hotel . the location be also brilliant , with     old    style hong kong outside the door and     new shiny    hong kong   minutes away on the mtr . buy an octopus card as soon as you get there , it be the easiest way to travel , it be a type of cash card that you load with money and then use for all your travel need , mtr , bus etc . you can even use it for shopping , we end up use it everywhere rather than cash . public transport be very cheap and superefficient

if not for a poor start , i would consider rating this hotel as excellent . to begin , the hotel have a visitor 's desk at the airport where you can get transportation to the hotel at a reasonable rate good . regrettably , the clerk put me on a bus to the wrong hotel bad . not a big deal . mistake happen . they quickly rectify it by have a limo pick me up quickly and transport me to the correct property . i arrive there at       p .m . and be notify that they have grant some guest a late checkout and that my room would n't be ready until         hours later ! why they grant guest such a late checkout be beyond me ! i be perturbed , to say the least . the clerk try to assuage me with a coupon for a free drink at the bar , but this only anger me more . i go for a walk to kill time and return at       to find that my room be ready . after midnight , the phone wake me up   times . apparently , someone in another room be call the wrong number . i be a bit annoy that the operator would n't tell me who it be or that she do n't offer to call that person and ask them to stop the calls . eventually , i set the phone on dnd and that put an end to it . to be honest , i need a full day to get past a horrid start . but i 'll give credit where credit be due . the hotel rebound strongly ! first , the room be very clean and comfortable and it be connect via a walkway to langham place shopping center . it be also right next to mongkok transit station . they have the best fitness center of any hotel i have ever be at in addtion to numerous holistic therapy offerings . it 's quite impressive ! the staff be extremely courteous and friendly . the hotel have an internet access area with about   pc 's or laptop that be free for the guest to use . there be always one available when i go there . i eat at one of their restaurant the name escape me and have a very good meal . during one of my stop at their internet access center , i access their website and send some feedback about my disatisfaction with the start to my stay there . i be pleasantly surprise to return to my room that evening and find a message from a manager apologize for the problem and ask to discuss them with me . i never get a chance to talk to him because of my schedule . however , we correspond via email and he remove the bus fare charge to the hotel and the limo charge back to the airport from my bill   a generous and appreciate gesture . finally , i should mention that the concierge desk be extremely helpful and make things very conveneint . i should cite eddie ho in particular . he could n't have be nicer and go beyond my expectation as to assist me . in summary , i give the hotel the benefit of the doubt and chalk the poor start up to a bad decision on their part , but then they make up for it after that . i would probably stay there again

enjoy our stay at this hotel very much . we book it because of the recommendation on tripadvisor and we be definitely not disappointed . we book directly with the hotel and include breakfast with this package . i would recommend that you take the breakfast as it be an excellent buffet with a huge choice of food . we also book the limo from the airport which make our journey from the airport less stressful . the staff at all times be very pleasant and helpful . although the bedroom be not the largest that i have stay in they be very well appoint and have all the amenities that be necessary with lots of lovely toiletry in the bathroom . the room be immaculately maintain and we be never disturb in the room yet it have always be service when we return to the hotel in the afternoon evening . the hotel also have a lovely pool on the roof . apart from the hotel and adjacent mall the surround area be not particularly upmarket and if i have know this when i have be book the hotel i would probably not have go there but in fact it be not a problem and we never feel threaten at any time . i be happy to walk in the vicinity of the hotel on my own without my husband . although the hotel be slightly further out from the centre this be not a problem as it be adjacent to the mtr which take you all over hong kong quickly and at a very reasonable price . again it be clean and very safe . if i be return to hong kong i would certainly stay again at this hotel as you get luxury at a very reasonable price

i be head back to hong kong in   week to give a training class and i insist that all the traveler stay at langham . the location be perfect as it it directly across from the train station . get to hong kong island or anywhere be be very easy

i stay at langham place   may       may   just b c most of review from here influence me to book this hotel

  star overall ! ! ! ! the langham place in mongkok have a + + + service ! it be a beautiful hotel with various facitilies to suit family and business traveller

book directly with the hotel and stay over new year

as per the previous review , this hotel be really something special , i stay on the club floor , enjoy the club lounge , have a stunning room , with a stunning panoramic view of the city , the service be flawless , and very good value for money

the langham truly deserve their rating . i concur with all of the previously write review ! i ca n't possible add anything else

my wife and i stay here for   nights . it be our second visit to the hotel   and it be fantastic as last time

absolutely the best hotel i have ever stay in , regardless of it be in the best i would advise location in hong kong . from the second we be greet by the very friendly , genuine and helpful staff i know this be go to be a fantastic visit . be our first stay in hong kong , they quickly aid us in where be best to go and point out the worthwhile market to visit and where to haggle etc . the rooms be spectacular , the view incredible , and the access to the mall next door be great and easy to access mong kok 's mtr . the pool be beautiful , the spa lovely , and the service exceptional . we eat in the place restaurant one evening and the food and variety be fantastic , as be the ming court restaurant , where we be give good advice not to over order as the food be rather sumptuous ! overall , from the brilliant tv and film selection down to the very funky bathroom , we love our stay here and would without doubt come back in a flash

lovely feel to the place with great staff   the breakfast be worth the Â £   and the spa be amazing . the down side be a very noisy bar where the noise radiate in to the lobby  you sadly could n't sit there and chill out with a cocktail at the end of the day unless you be shout over the dj music . the other down side be the rooms be seriously small   when our room service come on a table you could n't use it as it be too big ! i also believe it be free wifi but it 's Â £   a day . the pool be also very small so it 's not the place if you 're a sun worshipper . would recommend if you 're there for a few days and want to be near the market and mtr

we have an amazing   night stay in this hotel , without doubt one of the best hotel we â € ™ have ever have the pleasure of stay in . the first thing that strike us on arrival , aside from the extremely friendly and efficient staff , be the smell . we later learn that ginger be the langham â € ™ s signature scent which permeates throughout the hotel , extremely subtle yet noticeable but just beautiful . we be offer an upgrade for hkd   per room per night , even if the rate be a little more expensive as we travel off peak , i would recommend avail of it as it be money well spent . the upgrade give us access to the club lounge , which have food and drink serve all day and also include breakfast each morning , an exquisite buffet selection with some chef on hand to rustle up an omelette of your choice ! the rooms be extremely comfortable and modern , a reasonable size with some great view of the city . the hotel itself be locate beside the metro station which make it a good base for travel around the city . when we book our trip to hong kong i be disappoint that we weren â € ™ t stay at the renowned mandarin oriental , but once we enter the lobby of the langham we feel it couldn â € ™ t be much better than this

this be our first trip to hong kong and we select the langham place hotel purely on the review we have read on trip advisor . i have to say this hotel thoroughly deserve its no .   ranking and we would definitely return . i would also strongly urge everyone to upgrade to a club room . the extra you pay per night be well worth the first class service you receive from the moment you arrive at the hotel , and the polite and attentive service you get in the club lounge throughout your stay . it really be a pleasure after a long flight to be meet by our pre booked people carrier , to be give soft drink en route and then take straight to the club lounge for the check in . the club rooms be excellent and i now understand why everyone rave about the bed and menu of scent pillows . we also love the quirky glass wall bathroom which be keep spotlessly clean and fill with all the extra you would expect and more

firstly i have to say this be the best hotel i have stay at in my   years yet . this be my first time to hong kong and i be worry about what to expect . but i certainly not need to worry

there 're many classy hotel in central if you pay a certain amount of money , but sometimes you feel it 's overprice because you ca n't be satisfy with the room , the staff , the location etc . do n't worry , it do n't happen in langham place . the staff be extremely friendly and supportive , the rooms be spacious and modern , there 's a metro station right next to the hotel , and the price be fair enough . i really ca n't think of anything to complain about . . but i have an intereting experience once   i be stay with my sister and we want to give this good looking porter some tip , about   euro i remember , then he say 'no , no ! please ! i ca n't ! ' and go away . . . anyways , i think this be the best hotel in asia with no doubt , and i 'll definitely come back here again

of the numerous five star hotel i have visit in asia , this be one of my favorites . the service be exceptional and there be really a buzz about the place . as a younger business traveler , i especially enjoy the energy and a modern elements of this hotel . the management make a tremendous effort to insure that my colleauges and i be very comfortable

when we be book a trip to hong kong the travel agent have try to book us into somehting closer to main area of hong kong . we have see langham place in a brochure and after get a quote the price be actually cheaper for more inclusion and a much better hotel . we stay there for   night and do not want to leave

as most reviewer here have note , this be an absolute gem of a hotel with amenities and facility that be generally in the almost   star hotel class at much less than   star prices . the only significant drawback be the smallish room size , which also mean that there be n't much furniture to sit on in a club l room other than the bed . there be one desk chair and one none too comfortable sit chair , so for two people , watch tv have to be do from bed . however , the bed be ultra comfortable and the choice of pillow which you can select in advance of arrival from a pillow menu be excellent , easily match the bed , pillow and linen of the peninsula or any four season

i have stay at some hotel , all around the world , but this one be absolutely amazing

i totally love this hotel ! the rooms be sizeable and clean , the bathroom be fantastic , the bed be so comfortable . the location be in the now revamp 'cool ' area of town mongkok where there 's tonne of food to eat , and a trendy young shopping mall with cinema connect straight to the hotel . service be also excellent

my wife , my   daughter and i just complete a six day six night vacation at the langham place during april   it be very , very enjoyable for many reason and i â € ™ ll break down the hotel and our experience base on location , rooms , amenities , staff and restaurant for everybody to review and make their own choices . each category will be rate on scale of   , with   be horrible and   outstanding we all would definitely stay there again , and for those who be make their first trip to hong kong we both love the city and entire six days

this hotel be cheaper than all the other   * and high end   * hotel in hong kong because it be situate in the less fashionable district of mongkok . do n't let this put you off because mongkok be a colourful , exotic , bustle shopping area . the hotel be right by the metro and it take less than ten minutes to get to central on hong kong island . the upper floor of the hotel also have glorious view of the harbour

have be to hong kong for the past   years and stay at numerous   ,   and   star hotel , we choose this hotel base mainly on tripadvisor 's top rating   and we be happy that we do so for a   night stay , from   to   april

upon arrival , we have a long   hour flight and the front desk say that we might need to put our luggage in the room and come back at a later time since we arrive so early . however , after search on the computer , she then say that     'oh i see a room available '    i think what they should have do be check first to see if a room be clean first and if not then let us know

very impressive stay from start to finish  excellent website make it easy to book , immediate feedback from concierge re airport pick up

this be one of two hotel we stay at in hk , the other being the novatel citygates on lantau island , near the airport . in many ways , this be an excellent hotel , but it have one major drawback   the rooms be small , and the bathroom be even smaller . for this reason alone , the novatel be better

have arrive on an early morning flight from sydney , we be delight to find our room available

this place be great . at first i have be a little apprehensive about stay here as i think it be too far from hong kong island and report of the area put me off . however i experience no problem at all , hk island be   min away on the mtr and the hotel be adjacent to the station . also no evidence of red light district etc . mong kok be a great area full of market and the hotel be part of a complex which include restaurant and a cinema . staff be great , room be immaculate with a great view from my room on the   floor !

i think this hotel will probably be the standard we use for all hotel we stay at in the future . it be our   wed anniversary and so i have decide on a cruise , with   days at the langham place to start with

just a perfect stay . the staff be excellent always ready to

we stay   night in a club room . every thing about the hotel be great . the staff be very friendly and nothing be too much trouble . the club lounge be   class and it 's well worthwhile pay extra for a club room

wow ! the langham place be fantastic . the service be impeccable , the room although small be very nicely decorate and all our need cater for   we even have a coffee peculator in our room with fresh ground coffee ! the swim pool be stunning , tower over the building and look out to the harbour if you could see that far due to the smog

we stay in the langham place for three night on the   of march , as the start of our holiday , as we be move on to a cruise

i stay at langham place from       march   on arrival i be tell that the room i have book be not available and that i have be upgrade to an executive room but with twin bed instead of a kingsize bed which would be replace the next day

well i have stay at this hotel a few times , and this be the second review i be writing . this review include some picture

can not praise the langham place highly enough . hotel staff extremely polite , welcome and efficient . i 'd book a car to collect me at the airport   the hotel have a desk in arrival , and there i be meet with smile and present with a soft drink and a sony psp play an informative video about the hotel , which i watch in a very nice mercedes during the half hour transfer to the city

we would recommend stay at the langham place hotel as we enjoy a couple of night there on our way to oz . the hotel be well situate near the mtr station for sightsee and generally get about . we have book the cheaper option of room and be badger by reception to upgrade . we do n't succumb to their offer and be pleasantly surprise by the lovely basic room . the service be extremely good , with all the little touch that make your stay special . slipper by the bed and chocolate as a welcome gift , to name just a couple of things . the staff be all very friendly and helpful and could n't do enough to make our stay enjoyable . we appreciate all the fine aspect of this hotel and would especially recommend the fantastic spa . wow ! what a fabulous experience ! do n't forget to go to the top floor to see the most incredible view of hong kong

just return from   night at the langham place hotel in mongkok , with my fiance , which be very nice and offer a different experience from stay on the isand or kowloon waterfront . mongkok be more of a     locals    area and really give you the feel of what it be like to live in hong kong

stay in a club l room for   night , and i ca n't think of a single complaint . the room be smallish but well think out , so it do n't feel cramp at all . the bed be probably the most comfortable i have sleep in . the huge flatscreen tv could be watch from the bath , thank to the glass wall on the bathroom

we have hesitation about stay in a hotel in the mong kok area as we have hear that it be n't the best part of town

we start our honeymoon to vietnam with a two night stopover in hong kong . langham place be our     splurge    for the trip and be we be not dissapointed ! the hotel be beautiful and the room executive room be very nicely lay out . amazing bathroom ! and a great view of mongkok . we enjoy drink at the bar and do to jet lag be able to take advantage of early morning swim on the top of the roof . what a way to start the day

after unsuccessfully try to get a good deal for this hotel on two or three different online book website such as asiarooms com , i finally book the escape package on the hotel 's own website

stay in this hotel on our outward bind journey to nz for two night and again for two night on our return flight to uk . the hotel services be fantastic as be the club lounge   well worth upgrade to . the hotel be immaculate , the facility be great , the staff be very helpful . the hotel be centrally situate and be very close to the clean and efficient mtr . hong kong can be overpower , its energy be intoxicating . however , the langham place provide an oasis in which to relax

this be our second time around in the langham place hotel

only one night   but love it !

great hotel and the location be also brilliant . the hotel be connect to a shopping mall which also have an mtr station subway . by use the mtr you can travel directly to hong kong island in about   and its very cheap and easy to use . you can also explore the surround street which have night market and great place to eat out ,shop etc . overall we find the hotel great as the hotel be a very high standard facility plus the location allow you easy access to mongkok and kowloon and also its very easy to get to hong kong island from the hotel

this hotel be absolutely fabulous   very marble and glass if that 's your sort of thing of course ! . the room be very nice indeed   with a rather strange glass wall between the bedroom and bathroom there be a blind ! . we do n't try the restaurant but the bar be relax and we even enjoy the singer . however , the location be not great as there be quite a walk to get to the water front

spend   night here from   march   excellent location very close to mtr     you can buy an urban pass that allow you to travel on all mtr line for   day for   hk dollar about Â £   . you can reach the waterfront in   mins . hotel attach to shopping mall with lots of cafe     restaurant so you can eat cheaply if you do n't want to pay hotel prices . we eat buffet breakfast in hotel very wide choice of food , tasty     good value     have   meal in the bar which be also good . room comfortable , staff helpful     polite

i have a fine stay at the langham place hotel but i be slightly disappoint with the size of the hotel room on arrival . it be a standard room and it be very small . i be able to upgrade to a studio suite for extra cost which be much more similar to a   star hotel room . the staff be warm and helpful . the facility be new and the rooms be very clean and nicely appointed . i highly recommend the pool on the roof and the spa both be first rate . the restaurant in the hotel be very good the price of the buffet breakfast be expensive . we opt to get in a cab and have breakfast at the intercontiental hotel that overlook the water and city for roughly the same price . i be not sure i would stay here again the location be not great for a tourist . i spend a lot of time on the metro or in a cab . i think i would have better off in central . the rooms be cheaper due to the location versus other   star hotel but ,frankly , this be not a   star hotel . other   star hotel be the same price in but have better location

weary after a   hour flight my family include   child be delight to receive a warm welcome at this luxury hotel

we have just return from a week 's stay at langham place in mongkok . we have a lovely time apart from a bad experience at check in

beautiful hotel . feel like royalty . upgrade at check in to a suite room . it have absolutely everything and we have never see so many gadgets . hotel be join to a good shopping centre . great restaurant in the hotel and very nice staff . would n't hesitate to stay here again

i leave the girlfriend with one instruction

what can i about the langham place   basically this hotel leave me speechless

my friend and i stay here for   night in a twin room . it be small but beautifully furnish and the staff could not have be more helpful and efficient . from the moment we walk into the reception area we be treat like honour guest , nothing be too much trouble for the staff . from the lift lady to the pool attendant , they be a delight

the langham place hotel be an oasis in the middle of crowd mongkok which be completely safe by almost any measure . the hotel be beautifully decorate and furnish in both the public area and rooms

it be not surprising that the langham place in hong kong be rank at number  

we stay   days at langham place in a beautiful club room . as others have note , if you can , do pay a bit more for a truly first class experience . we have a spacious room on the   floor . the bed be so comfortable     there 's a pillow menu if you 're not happy with the several type of pillow already provided . the bathroom be big and immaculately clean . we love the huge showerhead directly above . the bathroom have a big window into the bedroom but there be a privacy blind . the separate bathtub be a good size . toiletry include be of excellent quality and quantity . they even provide tootbrushes , comb ,     razor

while i am less euphoric than some or other recent reviwers this be undeniably a well function hotel . i do have a slight problem with the location . while by no means remote , it be a good cab or subway ride to the scene of most of the action , the reason we come to h .k . yes , the mong kok station be quite close , but one still have to buy a ticket , get to the platform and often stand in the jam pack cars . mind you , the fare be cheap and the car modern and clean , but it 's still a subway . the service at this ultra modern hotel be excellent   fast , efficient and invariably friendly . the club lounge be one of the best i have ever encounter and well worth the additional cost . i must confess that i like the idea of get a chill beer  or any other beverage for that matter with alcohol or sans at , say ,   p m rather than wait for the freebie at       or   p .m . a generous and wise policy on the part of hotel management . we occupy an executive suite on the   floor which , while not huge , be well configure and even have a small kitchen kitchenette . the view be nothing special , but that partly relected the room location and lousy weather heavy overcast . one minor complaint be the over airconditioned lobby and restaurant where breakfast be serve the first two morning we foolishly skip the lounge , think it would not be as elaborate . big mistake   it be even better than downstairs and the classy , intimate atmosphere make the occasion much more relax , not to mention it be n't freeze . would i return ? very possibly , but after   visit to h .k . my first in oct .   i have grow a bit tired of the place . it 's become very pricey and  maybe i am show my age  too frenetic as well . moreover the shopping be either too high end or real kitchy mong kok . lastly , the air quality , never its long suit , have really deteriorated . yet if you have never be there be there anyone who have n't ? , it remains  not unlike vegas  a must . but for my money , if give the choice , victoria island or harborside kowloon would be a better locale , especially for the first time visitor

we choose the langham place because of the review on tripadvisor and we be delight with it . our only negative comment would be the location   it be in a rundown area and the checkout questionnaire of the hotel actually ask guest whether they 'felt safe ' walk out of the hotel . the answer be that we do not , especially as tourist be warn to be wary of pickpockets in the event , we have no problem but the next time , i think we would try the sister hotel , the langham , which be much nearer the ferry terminal and other attractions . incidentally , we be surprise how little english some taxi driver could understand . we only discover on our second day that the hotel can provide a small booklet listing numerous likely destination , include the hotel itself , in chinese script . this be very helpful

we stay for   night in feb   on the way to nz . we get a special deal on a suite after see the chance of this opportunity on a report from a tripadvisor review . we pay hk     for a suite on the club foor , book on the hotel website . absolutely great

we stay at this hotel for   night recently and it prove to be a most enjoyable experience . we arrive off a cruise ship quite early in the morning with no real expectation of be able to check in until the afternon , but the super efficient club room manager eunice manage to find us a room and we therefore unpack by   do book a club rom if yoo can afford it , the staff be more like personal concierge , the snack lovely and the drink free flow

we stay in the langham hotel for   night at the end of december and it be fantastic . this be the start of a four week trip and it could n't have start better

slap bang in the middle of mong kok ,   min from the airport be this impressive structure connect to a shopping mall which be at best average by hk 's high shopping standard

langham place be the best hotel i have stay in . my husband and i spend three night in this wonderful hotel after a long trip in china

great place to stay in the real hong kong , surround by local market and adjoin a modern shopping mall with its own metro station , so get around be very easy . large modern rooms with view across the city , very comfortable with all the amenities you would expect . amazing buffet breakfast ,with one of the largest selection we have ever see , even include crab,prawns and chocolate fountains . i recoment the organized trip to happy vally race it include a buffet dinner all your drink a   hk dollar starter bet , and all from the comfort of the honk kong jockey club headquaters overlook the coarse , pluss a visit to the parade ring . although we be not race fan this be an outstanding night and amazing value at Â £   per

we book the hotel because of its location and the review about it

stay jan   ,   at first a little apprehensive   website look great , but a little out of the way in mongkok . but when you arrive , the room be great . thoroughly modern , great view we be on the   floor . the bed and pillow be the best i have sleep in . i ask the hotel where to buy the pillows . only drawback be the extra charge for in room internet . however , the   floor have a number of internet terminal and most of the time we do not have to wait to use . service staff be very polite and helpful

where do i start about this hotel . we originally book this hotel , cancel it for another hotel then change it back , and i be so glad that we do

great location right next to under ground so easy to travel to different parts of hong kong  staff very friendly rooms very clean and smart

my first ever visit to hong kong and i decide that i would be influence by some of the review of my fellow contributor on tripadvisor as well as be seduce by the idea of stay on mainland hong kong rather than the island . so we stay for two night at the langham place , mongkok

we stay at the langham place hotel for a   night stop over on the way to europe and it be lovely . we have initially book a quad room but upon check in be advise that there be something wrong wtih the bathroom so be upgrade to   connect rooms on   floor . the rooms be very comfortable and spacious enough . staff very friendly

we have never be to hong kong before so we book the hotel without know much about it . we be absolutely delighted . the service be exemplary , the room divine and all the other facility fantastic ! now that should make you book

my husband and i stay for   night in this hotel and i have to say it have be the nicest city hotel so far . their service leave no wish open and the staff be very helpful with everything . there be a couple of thing that really make this hotel outstanding . for one they offer a very comfortable bed , probably even more comfortable than the one we have at home . and i can also highly recommend their restaurant . it be an all you can eat buffet and the food be very excellent , include fresh seafood . whenever i will return to hong kong this will be my hotel of choice

i choose this hotel base on the review from the tripadvisor com website . i be not disappoint

as they say â € ˜ perfection be seldom achieve â € ™ but after stay for three night in hong kong i can see the langham place hotel be really strive for it . in my opinion they be not far away as for the â € ˜ experience â € ™ , it be one of the best hotel i have stay in . i book direct with the hotel and order the room , breakfast     limo package

this property exceed expectation

we stay here twice over xmas on stopover and deeply grateful for the understate luxury and overall calm of the place

  class hotel   amazing staff

wonderful hotel locate very close to the mtr . room be not large but just right . bathroom be very clean . hotel be connect to a very large mall . book the room early on the hotel 's website and save     . we have the deluxe room for   week and the executive room upgrade for one day . the only difference be a separate shower stall in the executive and slightly larger room . concierge be very helpful with recommendation for food . we take the hotel shuttle bus which be   hkd which work out well . would stay here again if ever in hk again

my husband and i stay here for three night over christmas and love it . the hotel be very service oriented , and we feel every one of our request be well attend to . i definitely suggest purchase club access , as it include a substantial buffet breakfast every morning , along with wine , cocktail , beer and snack in the afternoon and evening . it 's a relax oasis to retreat to when the busy ness of mong kok wear on the soul , especially after come off a   hour flight . the location be a bit out of the way , but be an easy ride on the mtr red line to the southern tip of kowloon or into central

stay here for two night in october and have to agree with most of what have already be written . the hotel be excellent , part of a big shopping mall and also right beside the buzz and fascinating mongkok . if you want to be down near hong kong itself with view of the bay then this be not the place to stay but we go down that part of the city several times quite easily by mtr or taxi and do not feel we be miss out by stay in mongkok . in fact it be quite refresh to be stay somewhere a little different

the langham place hotel in mongkok be a very stylish , very modern and very comfortable hotel . its location be great   only a few minutes work to the mongkok mtr station and only a quick   cab ride to central . the langham place be surround by great shop   it even have its own   story shopping mall across the street connect by a walkway

this be our final hotel and destination on our honeymoon and we be unsure of what to expect as it be book as a gift by the brother in law    we needent have be worry , this place be wonderful and in a great location

this have to be one of the finest hotel in the world , with exquisite facility and an all round air of style and sophistication

i live in langham place for   month in   and have stay there a total of   or so times in the past few years

just return from a   night christmas stay at the langham place hotel with my   year old daughter . we book the hotel after read the review and be not disappointed . everything that have be write about the hotel , staff and location be spot on . the hotel deserve its   * rating and our room on the club floor be lovely . afternoon tea in the club be excellent and my daughter reguarly take extra warm scone up to the room . the hotel be situate in a very busy area   the real hong kong but it be situate next to the mtr station and it be easy to get around hong kong . the market tour provide by the hotel be very informative and help us with our barganing skill when we venture out alone

follow our visit in october   for a stop over , we use the langham place as our base for an extend visit to hong kong . just at the end of the chinese new year , the atmosphere be great . this time we stay in a club room and use of the club lounge

love the hotel and the location . take our   teenage boy with us who also really enjoy their stay . great that the hotel be attach to the mall . staff be friendly and helpful . rooms small but comfortable . all the facility be first rate . would definitely stay here again

hotel in hong kong be aplenty , from the typical backpacker inn to fabulous temple of luxury . the langham place mongkok exist on the upper end of the spectrum , boast some smart , well appointed feature without completely deplete one â € ™ s budget

we stay for eight night in late november   , and have an amazing time . this report be quite detail , so for those who don â € ™ t want to read it all , let me say that the langham place be a superb hotel , in an exciting , vibrant location , and we would recommend it to anyone who want the very best quality at an excellent price for hong kong

we stay at the langham place for   night at the end of a   week honeymoon in thailand and what a fantastic place . it have everything   great service , great style , great rooms and one of the best hotel swim pool anywhere in the world

i rely almost totally on tripadvisor review when book hotel , so be expect a marvelous experience at the langham place hotel . i be not disappoint ! i have be to hong kong   times , but this time i decide to take my child     their spouse party of   for   nights . i figure mong kok would be more fun for them than elsewhere ,     want a somewhat newish hotel for their introduction to one of the world 's most exciting city

my partner and i stay at the langham place for   night in november . i have stay in quite a few good hotel in hk , but this hotel stand head a shoulder above the rest .

the langham place hotel be a wonder place to stay in hong kong . locate in mong kok , it be   mtr stop and a world away from the much more touristy tsim sha tsui . mong kong be a work class residential area as be well evidence by the site and smell permeate the street below . walk the street through this neighborhood , you will be body to body much of the time   but you 'll get a good flavor of the real hong kong

i book this hotel for my parent '   vacation to hong kong . they have n't be back for   years so i think that it 'd be nice to stay in a   hotel . they tell me the stay be excellent and that the free breakfast must book a package to receive be spectacular   it include all sort of culinary delight from dim sum to sushi to omelette cook to order , etc

as one of the newest major hotel in hong kong , this hotel provide an ambience that juxaposes its surroundings . it 's locate in one of the busiest district in hk , a place full of busy shopper and street vendor that bustle and hustle well into the wee hours of the night

the langham place hotel offer a well equip room , which be design incredibly well to fit a relatively small space although the transparent wash basin in the bathroom be a little freaky ! . the hotel offer a fantastic   floor open air swim pool     spa facilties that offer a luxurious feel . the hotel be well locate with plentiful shopping and resturants in the immediate vicinity . the tube station be also locate directly below the hotel

i stay at the langham place hotel during my first visit to hong kong from   to   i love hong kong and the langham place be excellent in every regard

first impression of the area be that it be a bit run down but totally traditional . on arrival at the hotel two very pleasant guy take our luggage and a smartly dress lady accompany us in the lift to the   floor

well , our second stay in a club room be just as wonderful as our first , a year earlier

stay there for   nights . this hotel be the best i have come across in all my travels . the rooms be very comfortably but what be more important , the hotel have think of everything that a traveller would need to feel at home and well looked after . the room have a cisco smart phone and all one need to do to ask for service or help be just to press one button . the smart operator function like a one stop service personal for everything   from laundry , to food , to set you up for a quick checking out etc . spa be just excellent and the gym be   hours . i have stay in many hotel and i always have issue with the opening hours of the gym . they normally start at   be and there be n't enough time to get in an hour of exercise and then be head out for a meeting at   be unless i skip breakfast . the concierge provide box , sticky tap and strings for pack   something a traveller who be do some heavy shopping would need . the room be also very well think out . there be excellent range of free beverage , the see through glass bathroom give the room a sense of space . the room we be at be on the   floor and it have a panaronomic view . the whole place smell clean and good . the hotel be just next to langham place a shopping centre with lose of retail space and food ! it sit on top of the mongkok station and i think one ca n't ask for more in terms of location . food around the area be readily available and electronic , sport and lady market just a short walk away

i recently spend   night at the langham place hotel , on my first trip to asia . i book directly with the hotel , and get a reasonable rate for an executive twin bedded room include breakfast

have read previous review of this hotel on tripadvisor i have high expectation   which i can safely say be meet and exceed ! everyone go to hong kong should stay here

lovely hotel . great location for shopping . adjacent to train station so you can get anywhere in hong kong easily . i book a club room and on arrival be upgrade to a suite which be pure bliss . arrive early in the morning and my room be available immediately ! ca n't recommend this hotel highly enough . i will be stay there whenever i be lucky enough to get to hong kong . its an amazing hotel in an amazing city

just finish   stay at langham place and i am glad to see that nothing have change since my last visit in june . the service and facility be excellent , again , and even though mongkok seem more crowd if that 's possible , i love the location of this hotel . i stay in a residential suite on my first stay and then in a langham suite on my second stay and i much preferred the residential suite . the live room of the r feel much more spacious with the kitchenette instead of the bathroom of the ls . although the bedroom and the bathroom of the r be the same size as that of the l , there be also more foyer space between the two in the rs . the service and attitude of the staff at this hotel be just amazing . as an example , my room attendant go throughout the hotel look for a remote that would activate the nicam feature on my tv and be only successful on her third try but i really appreciate the effort she extend on my behalf . the personnel in the club lounge be efficient and helpful and you will just have to experience it to see what i mean . wonderful hotel

we stay at langham place hotel for   night , from nov   to nov   ,   there be   of us and stay at their executive room on the   floor . no regret at all

stay for one night at the end of november   excellent service level and quality of room   i would definitely recommend this for a longer stay

lovely place , the review be right . we stay in a suite , they be do a special suite deal on there website so we book thru that . that give you free internet access and free use of the pool and the club l lounge which be great . free drink and food   hours a day , not just generic drink , the real brand macoy ! so bombay saphire gin , champagne not sparkle wine everything be first class . book the limo transfer to the airport which be defo worth the extra little amount over a taxi , sit in the back of an s class mercedes be opulance ! very close to the mtr subway , which be an absolute credit to the city , clean safe and cheap , buy an octopuss card to travel easily on the mtr , you just scan it over the reader and the fare be automatically deducted . its   on trip advisor for a reason , its brilliant

book a club room for   nights . book a hotel car from the airport , a perfect way to arrive . upon arrival be take to club floor and be upgrade to a club suite

i spend   night at the langham place hotel on a business trip to hong kong . i love so many things about this hotel . the rooms be very comfortable with great bed , a pillow menu , nice bath robe , a huge bathtub , great bath product , and a nice large tv

have just get back from   brilliant days in hong kong , stay in the langham place . like many , we be sway by the review to book a club level room and do n't regret it for a minute . fab view , wonderful service   just take a wrap or jumper if you 're susceptible to air condition

langham place be a great hotel in mongkok . if you 're head to hong kong for work or pleasure this be a fantastic place to stay , without pay the high price you 'll find in central   and only a few train stop away

stay at the langham place for   night from   november . i have book the hotel follow such wonderful review on trip advisor and be not disappointed . the trip be a suprise for my husband 's   and it certainly be a trip to remember . i have book a club level room with access to the club lounge . when we check in   not in the lobby but in the club lounge with a cup of tea and a hot towel   they ask us if we 'd like to upgrade to a suite . i be quite happy with the room i have originally book so declined . however , they give us the suite anyway . so , just keep this in mind . what can i say about the hotel which have not already be reported . the staff be wonderful . concierge can tell you anything you need to know and give you the easy way to get around . they be just wonderful . we purchase an octopus card which be the greatest creation go and travel everywhere by mtr   star ferry and bus . the transport system be one of the best i have ever come across . the location of the hotel be , in my opinion , perfect . the market be all on your doorstep , i feel safe everytime i go out on my own to do a spot of shopping whilst my husband and son have a swim early evening . we have breakfast in the place each morning as the variety be so vast compare to the club lounge which be just continental . but the lounge itself be well worth the extra if you be considering . afternoon tea from around

we stay at langham place for   night over a weekend and be please we choose this hotel

get back on sunday and be miss their bed ! the hotel be excellent at what it do and i be glad to say that overall it deserve a high ranking on ta   the basis on which i go with this hotel

we stay in a chuan room for   night and it be a great experience . the rooms have futon bed however they be suprisingly comfortable . the bathroom have a great shower with two type on shower head a large rain rise and also a standard head against the wall . the bathroom also have lovely generous size bvlgari product that smell devine

my wife , son and i stay at lp for three night   november   and we would hghly recommend it . after alot of research , we get the best rate through their website which include breakfast and a return limo transfer from the airport . the latter be fantastic after our long flight from lhr   even give a psp with a video all about the hotel and hk on it . room not the biggest this be hong kong but clean with the all glass bathroom and a good view . standard buffet breakfast   try the evening buffet in 'the place ' one night . good spread but quite expensive . much better option available on several floor in the attach shopping centre . free internet access available at computer in the work and play section . great view from the pool , but it be a bit small and often crowd with no lounger available . we be travel with a one year old   staff very child friendly sometimes overpoweringly so ! . location be very good   nice walk down to star ferry terminal and temple street night market or you could easily use the mtr . taxis actually good value as well but make sure you take the hotel provided translation card     not many driver speak english ! would definitely stay here again for its relative good value , excellent location and friendly staff

everything about this hotel be   class , the people the facility , the food meet the standard and the area be perfect for business and leisure travel in hong kong      great hotel

this be our second stay at the langham place , this be truly a   star hotel

we return to the langham place after visit earlier in the year and once again be not disappointed . it be an affordable       * hotel with a luxurious spa and great roof top pool . the location be unbeatable for shopping and transport links and the staff be well train and friendly

my ten year old daughter and i stay at the langham place hotel in mong kok for one night last weekend as a finale to our trip to hong kong . my little girl be apparently experience     cultural overload,    homesickness and travel exhaustion but the quiet luxury and friendliness of the staff soon put her at her ease . we love the view of the harbour include the sound and light show from our window seat on the   floor . the cosiness and creature comforts of our room make it a haven from the city below . the roof top pool be beautiful and have superb view both day and night . the spa staff be charming . we upgrade to the executive club which give us access to nibble and drink when we want them

my husband and i spend a week at the langham place and love it . from book through to departure , the staff be professional , pleasant and eager to please . the standard of housekeep be exceptionally high . our room be spotless and beautifully make up every day . we have an executive room , although we be offer the deluxe on arrival as our room be not quite ready . we decide not to take the deluxe as we want the extra that the executive have to offer . we be not disappointed . the oversized bath be very welcome after the long flight   the separate shower be spacious and the rain shower feature be lovely after a hot and humid day out and about in hong kong . the bed be so comfortable and roomy . try the different scent pillow ! the spa and pool facility be excellent and , again , incredibly clean . we get the feeling that the staff enjoy their job and take great pride in what they do . nothing be too much trouble without be intrusive . try the hotel 's evening buffet which offer you the most incredible selection of dishes . hong kong be amazing   transport system be cheap and efficient . we ca n't wait to go back

my girlfriend and i stay at this hotel for   night in october . we book a club room and base on what we read on tripadvisor , we have high expectation of this hotel . we be not let down  

this hotel in a word   fantastic

locate in mong kok as soon as you step outside the langham place you be in the middle of the real hk   and also the most densely populate area . it 's an unusual location for a   * , but it 's a weel service hotel with very high standard   and i mean high ! if you don ' tlike heights do n't go here   there lift be scenic although a couple be enclose and the swim pool on the   floor treadmill face the view from the  

wow , what a surprise ! this hotel be pair up with a shopping mall that be   story vertical . this hotel be not near any other high end hotel and be away from the waterfront , but that make it unique . the entrance be thru the shopping mall , but that give you tons of place to eat and shop right outside your hotel door . it be one block from nathan road , a major shopping street and two block from some great cheap shopping streets . lady market , sport good street , and electronics street be nearby . be sure to haggle . the metro mong kok station could be access from the mall and you can walk down to the tip of kowloon in about a half hour . of course , that mean you not shop all the way down . it seem a brand new hotel with superior service   and we just come from japan     where service be superb

our first stop before a tour of china be   night at the langham place in mongkok . we be lucky to receive a very affordable deal on the website for a residential suite on the   floor , and be thrill with the luxury that await us . super soft king size bed , plenty of space with the extra lounge area , and the bathroom be fabulous . even the small touch like welcome fruit , sweet and chocolate mouse be a pleasant surprise . even the check in process in the club lounge be very quick and friendly with a welcome cup of cha   was appreciate after a long day travel , too

the lamgham place be a beautiful hotel . the room be small but comfortable with two bed , small table , flat screen t .v . wet bar and cool glass sink in the bathroom . screen come down for privacy . restaurant be good . locate near the subway and shopping mall . not near any souvenir shop but interesting area to walk around in

the hotel be marvellous . would definately recommend upgrade to the club lounge , we have   woman travel and it be a great place to stay . the club lounge have nibble and drink all afternoon and be definately a nice place to relax and unwind after a huge day shopping ! the pool area be great and if you like a morning run , there be nothing better than the treadmill in front of full glass windows overlook hong kong . not to mention plenty of other machine to give yourself a nice fresh start to the day

i book this hotel through qantas who organise flight for my husband and myself from oz to europe with a   day stopover in hong kong on the way home

my husband and i stay in october for two night , on our way home to oz from a european holiday . i have book a suite , which be a special deal through the hotel 's site

love my stay at the langham place   night in october ,  

my husband and i love the hotel . nice     modern furnish rooms , very comfortable beds . staff be very friendly     helpful . try its chinese restaurant , food be pretty good . kid love the harbor city in tst area better . however , we would definitely go back when we travel without our

langham place hotel be a gem in mongkok   a   luxury hotel in the middle of the densest area of hong kong . excellent shopping , food , and subway bus access be right outside the hotel environs . we have consider stay in the sheraton at tsim sha tsui for the view , but give the amount of pollution from the pearl river delta , we know there would not be any good view of hk harbor anyway . the rooms at the langham have glass enclosed bathroom , but if you need privacy you can always draw the curtain down . we also make good use of the spa facility and rooftop pool . no complaint , and if we need another hotel stay in the future we would definitely use langham place again

i be a little sceptical at the rave review that this hotel get from trip advisor reviewer as they seem too good to be true . however , have stay there for two night in september   , i would endorse the positive comment that have be write about langham place . the staff seem to go out of their way to be courteous and friendly . in particular , the concierge staff in the lobby be very helpful in provide information about diferent location in hong kong and how to get there . the rooms be beatifully furnish and equip and be a cut above those of the average large hotel in this class . it be worth ask for a room with a view as some floor provide better view than others . my friend and i have book two rooms , one of which have stunning view while the view in the other be far less spectacular . the mezannine bar be very pleasant and reasonably price , at least during the early evening happy hour . room service be efficient and of a good standard . there be a swim pool and spa on the top floor with great view over the city . it be a really pleasant place to go in the evening or early in the morning . the hotel be also in a great location within walk distance of the top end of nathan street and very close to the metro station . it be link physically to a shopping mall which mainly cater for a clientele of under   but have some good cheapish restaurants . the hotel be also within walk distance of the night market in temple street although much that be on sale be scarcely worth the effort . i have be in hong kong before about seven years ago and be surprise at how few bargain be to be have now . beijing provide much better opportunity for the enthusiastic shopper

base on trip advisor review , i book my group of   people in this hotel . the rooms and service be exceptional . the web site offer suite at hk     dbl . include a huge breakfast and a club room stock with wine and food and goody

book the langham place hotel in hong kong as a result of trip advisor review and i be not disappointed . this be quite rightly the no .   rate hotel and offer terrific value for money if you book one of the package deal direct with the hotel

this hotel be fantastic . we stay here for   night in one of the club rooms in september and the overall experience be great . on arrival we be immediately take to the club lounge where we be offer green tea and hot towel whilst we be check in . once check in the staff offer us champagne and take our luggage to the room . the food in the club lounge be delightful , as be the on tap champagne whenever you want it . the hotel be locate right next to a shopping mall and metro station which make it very easy to get into the middle of hong kong or to get the star ferry . you be also next to the lady 's market

very good hotel , worth every dollar . good location , good food . breakfast be awesome

i have just return from my first trip to asia and i have have a great experience stay at the langham place . i be expect too much from this hotel because of all tripadvisor â € ™ s reviews . the first impression be excellent with a great front desk service that have do a nice job try to find me a room at   ! ! ! we have a terrible flight from los angeles to hong kong and my wife and i be really tired . after a few minutes all check in be set and staff arrange a room for us at the   floor   exactly with partial view of the bay and the city . however , the best part be come   the suburb and magic bed of this hotel ! i have be travel around for some time and have stay in very nice hotel but have never find a bed like this one . it be impossible to get out of the bed

have be a flight attendant for years i can truly say this be one of the nicest hotel i have ever stay in . this be the langham in mongkok not the one on the island , although i am sure that it just as impressive . stunning rooms with flat screen tv , dvd player and best of all you can watch movie whilst lie in the bath ! do avoid the   rooms as these be disabled rooms , and although obviously bigger , there be a wall in the bathroom which mean no watch tv in the bath

a good standard for the price in hong kong . staff anxious to please   on occaisions possibly over so . bed comfy and the rooms just big enough and very stylish . it be in mongkok so a little bit away from the main centre for business and tourism but the mtr be very close by . the spa and fitness centre be great as be the roof top pool . i would stay there again

the langham place hotel provide good quality accommodation and have very friendly and helpful staff . it truly be an oasis in a hot and humid hong kong . it be great stay in mong kok away from the usual tourist haunt and tout   however , equally the hotel be conveniently very close to the mong kok mtr station . this then give us easy access to the rest of hong kong  the mtr be a great rail network . we be a family of five and have two interconnect rooms which suit us well . the 'included ' buffet breakfast be also a treat and keep us go for best part of the day . the child , especially , enjoy the chocolate fountain   even at breakfast

somehow we end up pay double what we think we have to pay for this hotel . this most likely be because an error we make which be beyond the scope of this review . we pay     a night for this hotel which we feel be over priced . furthermore , when we get there they offer to move us to a better room they proceed to tell us what a great room it be   view , size , etc    but for only     x    amount more . i be use to get upgrade periodically at no charge . i find it strange that they be offer what appear to me to upgrade me for an extra fee . maybe that 's just hong kong

we have a great stay and would certainly recommend stay here on a trip to hk . the rooms be small , that â € ™ s hk for you â € “ but the location be awesome you really feel like you be in the thick of things visit the food market at the back of the hotel to see how local shop for dinner , it â € ™ s an eye opener



we stay in the langham place hotel for a week at the end of august early september . the place be a   star hotel and it deserve every star ! the view be magnificient . the rooms be very comfortable , you can even choose your own type of pillow green tea leave , rise , etc ! . the bathroom have a shower and a tub , white marble , thick white towel , bathrobes etc . huge flat screen , dvd player , etc . the nicest thing be , on august   , we hear a knock on the door at   , when come back from lunch   a guy with a silver plate with a birthday cake and a card . a little thing that i really appreciate   the swim pool be also very nice , on top of the building , with a superb view . the design in the entire hotel be really great . the staff very helpful and friendly . the concierge will write down anywhere you want to go so that you can give the taxi driver . there be also a spa . i have a massage there and be use to them , and it be very professionally mafe . so , two thumb up , definitely

i have a great stay at the langham place in mog kuk for three nights . i want to step away from the touristy side of hong kong and see a lively , local area but stay in a nice hotel . if that be what you be look for than this hotel be the place to be , especially with its access to the mall , great restaurant and just steps from the subway . the hotel be modern and upscale , and the staff be friendly and helpful

the hotel be above the mong kok subway station . it be very convenient to go everywhere in hk . beside the hotel , there be a shopping mall . we can find various food there . rooms be so clean and fashionable . they spray a kind of essence in the lobby it smell great and make me feel confortable and relax

this be a very nice hotel, , but definitely more for business than tourists . there be little to walk to   it require constant use of the jam mtr or bus to get get anywhere or to see anything

this hotel be in the perfect location , especially for first time traveller to hong kong . the area be call mong kok and have easy access to their excellent subway system . the hotel itself be attractive and the rooms be small but roomy enough . breakfast be very good and we enjoy the easy connection to the shopping mall attach to the hotel

i have stay here over   times and every time i love it even more ! the rooms be fantastic , especially the corner rooms and the blissful bed be the best ! the portal work and play lounge on the   floor be a great place to have a drink after work and the rooftop pool and hot tub be some of the best in hong kong ! the gym and spa be also first rate

book via their website but take note that the rates can change so you may find yourself cancel and rebooking for the best deal

the complex , and hotel itself be an ultra modern oasis in an area with a lot of local charm , and somewhat off the tourist path . the stone 's throw to the metro station still make it accessible to the city

as you may have already gather from the multitude of glow write ups on this hotel it be absolutely tremendous . the whole experience from initial book to final check out be excellent . as many people have already say we find the best rate on the hotel own web site , there be also the opportunity to book breakfast at a significant discount , pay as you dine can be pricey . there be also the opportunity to skype the hotel through their web site to sort out and queries problems you may have . just prior to arrival we receive a welcome email inform us of what offer be available , which be nice touch . our family room be fantastic on the   floor . great view of hong kong and the bed be indeed blissful . the room be excellently equip and the mini bar have a good variety of drink at a reasonable price . the pool area be superbly locate on the roof of the hotel with excellent panoramic view of hong kong . the chuen spa provide virtually every type of massage and treatment available and be well worth a visit . many people have comment on the surround area of the hotel be a bit dodgy , but i think that it what make the langham even more special . busy street market just round the corner , the langham place mall accessible via a cover walkway , much cheaper breakfast alternative exist in here as well , and the mtr be only   min from your room . my family and i never feel threaten once whilst in hong kong . perhaps the langham â € ™ s biggest plus point be it â € ™ s superb staff . everyone of them have obviously be well train , as from the door staff to the management i come into contact with , they be polite , helpful and extremely proud to be of service . the breakfast buffet selection be excellent with all the food of a high standard . complementary internet be available on the   and via the tv in your room for a daily tariff . i would strongly recommend that anyone visit hong kong try the langham place hotel as it be fantastic

i stay at the langham place in hong kong with my family for   night   . we have one residence suite and two standard rooms

while not in the most upmarket area it be easy to get everywhere . the hotel be great , food be very good and the staff be very helpful . the spa be fantastic and the pool area very pleasant . the room be good and very clean . very good value for money

stay at the langham place for   night on our way back to uk from auckland . book adjoin executive rooms as we have   child in tow   this be arrange very easily by e mail with the hotel . absolutely fabulous experience from start to finish . arrive very early in the morning in air new zealand flight . pre booked the hotel mpv to pick us up , where they have ice cold drink wait for us , and from there the service just get better and better . fabulous lady in pink look after the kid as we check in , and then we kill some time in the roof top pool whilst my wife go to the chuan spa and have , by her reckoning , the best spa ever

we stay at the langham place hotel in mongkok for   night recently and love it

what a great hotel apart from the check in desk where the staff all seem new and do n't really know how the system worked . stay in a kowloon room which be excellent , ultra modern , superbly clean with view over the city . the bar be great for a pre dinner drinks . the buffet dinner look superb although we do n't get a chance to sample it . the service at the hotel be outstanding with all the staff very efficient and friendly . the hotel be in mongkok and be a short metro ride to hong kong . would definitely recommend this

we stay at the langham place for a week this july . we have a deluxe room , which feel a little smaller than usual . breakfast be n't include in our rate but the hotel be right next to a shopping centre so we always have breakfast there . there be also lots of other restaurant close by . the hotel be also really close to mong kok mtr station . the lady night market be just around the corner as well

we stay in the hotel on thursday night in a standard deluxe room before head out to macau the next day and back again for a night stay in an executive room much bigger

this   star hotel be in the middle of all the shopping action . it 's a   minute walk to the local market and you 're next door to the very classy langham place shopping plaza . royal plaza , another great shopping complex , be a   minute walk away . you 'll pass fa yuen st if you head in that direction , that too be a great place to shop for bargains . the hotel be also next door to a mtr . it be in a busy area of mongkok but if you plan to shop then this be a great place to stay . there be also lots of place to eat near by , especially in the langham place shopping plaza . the langham place hotel have a great buffet breakfast , worth the extra payment and the view from our   floor be fabulous . we pay a little extra for an executive room , get a good deal from their website . the room be small , but who need a big room when you be out most of the time ? the marble bathroom be excellent with a deep bath . the bed too be comfortable with many pillow to choose from . we have internet access and a reliable room safe . the staff be great too and english be speak well . i do n't have anything negative to say , we have a great   night stay

while i think this place probably deserve to be in the top twenty of hong kong , i do n't quite get the number one ranking here  its exaggerate ! i book the langham place in hk precisely because of the review it get here at tripadvisor sucker !   p but if i be to return , i would feel indifferent about return to this hotel

stay at the langham place in the beginning of august   first time in hong kong so i have great memory and i be happy with my choice of stay in the kowloon area . there be plenty to do in kowloon , nice restaurant , young fashion people , nice street market , good view of hong kong

my husband , son and myself arrive expect the very best we be not disappointed . this hotel be choose carefully for the review , situation , room view of hong kong island and proximity to shop and cultural visits . the rooms even whilst have a bath , you can look right at over the hong kong skyline ! i can not describe how hypnoptic and compel this view was day and night we leave the curtain open all the time ! i have never sleep in a more comfortable bed and the room be well equip and serviced . we eat breakfast huge and vary array for all taste , cultures worth being adventurous

stay at the langham place hotel for   nights    it be splendid ! ! the room be quite small but smart ! ! everything be very modern and they have room service twice a day . very good place as u can eat at the mall connect to the hotel , and u can even do ur last minute shopping there   very close to lady street but not that much to buy compare to temple street    the good thing about this hotel be that u just walk down the hotel and there be the mtr subway    very convenient even with ur shopping bags   

i travel a lot for business     the quality of the hotel make a big difference to me . i really like the langham place and in comparison to the hotel in hk island or tst , think it be excellent value

i be originally from hong kong and have family there . as a result , i have be back a number of times and know the hong kong area and its hotel quite well

stay at the langham place hotel in mongkok for five night with my elderly parent on a business cum pleasure trip to hong kong . thus i be able to testify that this be an excellent hotel to stay at , either for work or for play

i book my hotel room month in advance for our holiday to ensure the proper experience for my family . i pay extra to stay in   rooms on the     executive    floor for   nights . my family and i wait in line at the front desk for   minutes after a transcontinental flight . meanwhile , in line , i over hear the person in front of me get upgrade to an executive room free of charge because they do n't have a standard room available for him at that time . i give langham place the benefit of the doubt since it be so highly regard on tripadvisor . eventually , my positive attitude turn sour when the front desk inform me that i would have to wait an additional three hours before my rooms be ready . i book month in advance , watch as the person in front of me get an     executive    room immediately as a free upgrade , and have to wait three hours with   minutes in line . my family and i be relegate to wander the hotel and street exhaust from our long haul flight . no remedy be offered . i feel i pay full price for discount service and treatment

stay during the christmas period when it be extremely busy but find that they be friendly and informative . i think it have only just open

stay there on our way back from oz . have book a suite deal and pick up at the airport . own separate check in and all handle v . swiftly . we be travel with a   old baby and the hotel be brilliant . the suite be lovely , bed very comfy , location great . we book a babysitter and explore the temple street night market which be close by . on our last day we have book an extend check out which be     of the night rate but there be a problem with our suite and when we complain we be upgrade to a bigger suite and not charge for our final day    absolutely brilliant customer service

spend three night at the hotel at the end of a quick trip around the region . room be ok size wise but the two twins bed only have two inch between them so room be fairly small even though we be in the higher floors . maybe it be to make room for the separate shower in the bathroom ? blissful bed be not quite there accord to my princess daughter who wonder where they manage to get such a hard pillow top matress . but it be the best one we find in the region . pool be fine and need after a long day sighseeing . view from pool area on roof be fantastic

this hotel be just fantastic   excellent service , personalize care and upmost courtesy and friendliness from the staff . truly professional . we wish all hotel could be like this one

have always stay on the island , i be unsure about busy mong kok . my apprehension soon disappear upon arrival ! this be a wonderful hotel and represent extremely good value for money in hk where quality do not come cheap . i would highly recommend the club floor . a wonderful lounge   the first i have ever be in that be truly   with full bar facility and food serve over this time . the rooms be large , new and very tastefully furnished . up to date and easy to use technology . staff be attentive and helpful and very well trained . great restaurant ! the mtr station be easily access in the basement of the hotel . i do n't think i will return to the island again and really enjoy the 'real hong kong    which this neighbourhood is . i always feel very safe . well do team langham place  we will look forward to see you again soon

i be n't convince that there be that much to do in hong kong itself but stay in this hotel totally make my trip . the standard of service be excellent   put most other hotel that i have stay in to shame

we stay here for a week in mongkok . this be on the kowloon side and mogkok mean     busy corner      and it certainly be   you get a real bustle for the city

just return from hong kong , where i reside five days at the langham place , inspire by the review on this site . i decide to stay at this hotel not only because of the overall favorably opinion but mainly because of the rapport between quality and price , which turn out to be excellent . for a good hotel with great amenities and services , it be reasonable . i be not a fan of huge hotel of this type , but i find that the service be maintain on all levels . i love the spa and the outdoor pool which be big enough with an amazing view

we stay in langham place over the holy week in a   bed room suite in the club floor . we have a twin room and a room with an extra bed . the rooms be spacious enough to commemorate us well . the extra bed be a little short but pretty comfortable . the big flat screen tv set in both rooms be a nice feature too . beside a nice and well lit bathroom with shower , bathtub and toilet we have another toilet room in the suite which be very well receive be a party of   the rooms have a view over kowloon rather than hongkong island but it be pretty impressive nevertheless

we just return from a ten night stay at this amazing and wonderful hotel . the staff make us feel like we at home or even better than home . very helpful and courteous . though the room be small , the amenities make up for it . comfortable blissful bed , large flat screen television , rain showerhead be all great . even better be the fitness center and swim pool with one of the best locker rooms i have ever be in

this place be just great ! the rooms be perfect , the spa be great , but quite expensive , the gym be fantastic , but the best place of all be the change rooms ! they have a chinese hot tub , a steam room , a sauna , a swim suit dryer , locker , toiletry , big white fluffy towel , sterilize hairdryers and so on . all with candle and relax music . i spend an hour in the gym and then and hour here every day . i be so please nothing in hong kong open until   be !

my family consist of my husband ,   child         and my mother stay here for   days . what a fabulous location . what more could you ask for a huge shopping centre adjoing the hotel , mtr at the bottom of the shopping centre . the excitment and fantastic shopping of mongkok just outside the door ! ! ! the bed be extremely confortable especially when we have stay a few night earlier in our trip at another hotel and the bed be like an iron board . we have book   residence suite which consist of a small kitchen lounge with separate king bed and adjoin to the suite be a club room with a queen bed . be on the club floor be sure worth the little extra upgrade cost . it be so relax to be able to come back after a busy day shopping or sightsee and be able to kick back and watch the most wonderful view from the   floor with a wonderful glass of red . the child be most welcome in the club as we have experience at different hotel where child be not permit into the club     ! ! ! ! this be something that i alway now check with . all in all if you be stay in hk this be definately my pick

my wife and i stay   night at the langham place in april and it surpass all our expectations . extremely comfortable , fantastic staff , great location , amazing roof top pool , luxurious spa and to top it all at very reasonable rates

the room be very small for five star hotel . i have check in at   but be tell that the room be not available , have to wait for one hour . after i get to the room,i find out the it be not twin bed room that i have make a reservasion . i have to call the reception and be tell that by the evening the bed will be changed . i be very upset with the service i get and would not return back to this hotel again . this be very poor serseve coparing to hk five star hotel

make a big mistake and book the hotel for   days arrive one day before scheduled . get to the airport and find the langham place driver do n't look around the arrival area   walk towards the back of arrival a to find the langham place desk  he advise that we be   hr late and we would be charge for the first night . a quick call and we be waive the previous night and rebooked for the follow two

beautifully appoint hotel common area and room . stay on the

the fact this be   tell you all you need to know , great hotel and great value . the rms be lovely with fantastic power shower and comfy bed just what you need after a long flight . service be very good . there be lots of really nice little touch that make it a first class place to stay

our family stay at the langham for   days . the location be excellent , and conveniently locate near the ferry and lots of shopping be n't that why you go to hong kong

i visit hong kong about   times a year and usually stay at the conrad . i decide to give this hotel a try as they have a special deal for suite and i be so glad i did . the rate i pay be cheaper than a regular room at the conrad although they always upgrade me to the executive floor , be a hhonors diamond . i have a residence suite and it 's actually a sit room with full kitchen and a bedroom . the grohe fixture in the bathroom be very nice and i certainly appreciate the big   inch ? plasma television in both rooms . the only complaint i have be the bedroom be a little on the small side but the choice of pillow be certainly a nice touch and the mattress be nice and firm . i like to watch tv in bed and be surprise to note that the tv do not have a timer switch . the service be excellent and all the staff i come into contact with be very helpful . i love the location as i enjoy walk around mongkok and hong kong be hot and humid in june , it be so nice to be able to duck back into the hotel for a quick shower and change of clothing everytime i get hot and sweaty . i already make the reservation for my trip in the fall and i hope they continue the suite deal next year

my wife be sooo picky about hotel , however she have nothing but praise for langham place from the second we arrive at their counter at the airport . we have nothing but   star service from that point . we arrive at   for a three night stop . get our room at   an hour earlier than book   have breakfast in the attach langham place shopping centre while waiting . great view from our   floor room . on the third day , while try to resolve a family crisis at home , we have major problem with the phone in the room , which be professionally resolve by the front desk manager and his team . breakfast be a buffet with an extensive variety in a pleasant open environment . rooftop pool and spa jacuzzi be so relaxing . they also have a     spa    on the top   floor for massage and other therapies . staff be so helpful and so many of them ! mtr metro be access through the connect shopping centre . this be now the only hotel we would consider in hong kong

this be a beautiful hotel with fantastic service and a really convenient location

i stay here for   night and be impressed . as our airport limo

fantastic hotel , the only slight gripe be that our room be slightly smaller than others we stay in during our trip . pool be an amazing experience , the rest of the spa area be superbly executed . the link to the mall , the excellent restaurant and cafe , and the proximity to the mtr be major pluses . but the very best thing be walk into the neighbourhood , its not like further up in kowloon where there be tourist everywhere , this be a vibrant , real and very chinese part of town . i love the combination of a crazy street scene , and a beautiful hotel when you have have enough of it

first of all , as ever thanks to all of you who submit advice on this site   it 's never let me down yet

langham place be one of the best hotel that i have , it 's really really nice and will be a favorite hotel for those who love to shop like me , it be connect to langham place shopping mall and be you can also try to ride in one of the tallest escalator in asia . it be connect to langham place shopping mall and be you can also try to ride in one of the tallest escalator in asia funny me , im like a first timer little girl to ride an escalator but take note its a tall one    . also just a short walk away be the lady market and about a   minute walk u have fish market and then about   minute walk you have flower market and bird market which be interesting to see . the main shopping off temple street night market be easily accesable from the mtr subway locate in the mall basement , take one exit

i be at the end of my   week trip through asia , during which i have go to singapore to meet with my vendor , go to guangzhou to meet with my client , back to singapore to get engage yes you read that correctly , and then to hong kong to meet with client . needle to say , i be incredibly tired and just want a nice place to stay that be convenient

after spending four night at the langham place hotel in mong kok , i be surprise to see it atop trip advisor 's rating for hong kong . it 's not that the hotel have major flaw   indeed , our stay be quite pleasant   but it be n't extraordinary either . langham hotel maintain two property in hong kong   the mong kok location be a bit farther from the main tourist attraction , while the other hotel be more centrally located . have i the chance to do it over , i would not opt for the mong kok location . that say , the room be clean and comfortable , the staff very helpful . the hotel be connect to a mall by a sky bridge , so there 's a food court , coffee shop , and a host of store just a few steps away . free internet be a nice perk , too

stay   night at the club level and get all kind of goody

a little about me , i am a college graduate with an architecture degree and be not rich by any means and thus do n't have the funds to stay at hotel of a luxurious sort and though i have be fortunate enough to stay at some pretty suave hotel in my short life the langham place be simply one of the best . though i would have preferred a hotel locate on the hk island side of the harbor the location be fantastic . get to the hotel be a simple bus ride away from the airport and you literally do not have to go above ground to get from the mta station to the hotel . the hotel be connect to a brand new shopping mall with a starbucks right outside the lobby and the famous mong kok shopping market right outside the doors . the design be hip and wonderfully fun . the hotel bar be hop with live music at night and the spa , gym and rooftop pool be all free for hotel guest to use . the gym may not be fully equip and i am sorry to say i do not try pay for the full spa treatment but the rooftop pool be spectacular . the room feature be wonderful and the bathroom be a design treat . do n't forget to ask for an ipod stereo if you happen to bring your ipod . and while there 's free internet downstairs there 's only a few computer and it 's slow but to get the quick connection in your room you have to pay around     a night . so all in all the hotel be amazing . so much so that it be dangerous because we spend much more of our five days in hong kong enjoy the hotel than we would have like to . and that 's one of the biggest compliments i can give it

stay at langham place for   night from   may in the standard

stay at the langham place for   night and love it ! great shuttle bus service from airport to hotel   good when you want the easy option of be dump of at the front door when you 're jet lag

stay at the the langham this past march . have book a club room , get upgrade to a club suite upon arrival . very nice , wonderful view , a bottle of champaigne and chocolate be wait as we be celebrate a special ocassion , on the floor check in out , great plasma tv   in the suite , free drink   pm i believe , free breakfast , great omelette , just nice . the location be fascinating to say the least , in old hong kong . very colorful , have to see the street market by the hotel , most everything be alive , quite an experience . as for the location , we think it be a little far from the main attraction , since most of the action , night life , etc . be in the harbor section . however , we crisscross the city one day in taxis for just about     which bring me to a great experience we have with a taxi driver . we hail it to go from the jade market to a buddist temple we have all the destination write in chinese by hotel staff since taxi driver speak very little english . when point to the driver where we want to go , he see the name and location of the hotel we be stay at think we want to go there . ended up leave my eye glasses in the car , case and all . i think for sure i 'll never see them again . would n't you know , the driver remember us we be the only westerner in that particular temple and the hotel we be stay , and return them when his shift be over in late afternoon . unbelievable . security at the hotel be pretty tight , my wife smoke , only allow outside the hotel , and whenever she go for a cigarrette in front of the hotel she 'd be assign a door man to watch over her , and the same for other guest who go outside for a smoke . it make you wonder about the general safety of the area . however we walk around , day time , without incident . all in all , have a great time in hong kong and at the lamgham

langham place hotel

me , my wife , and my   kid have a wonderful stay in langham place hotel in mongkok from may   ,   upon arrival , we go up to the lobby which be locate on the   floor . it be not as big and wide as i have see in official hotel photo , but do not lose any of the glitter and elegance nonetheless . staff be proficient in english , very attentive , and even upgrade me to an executive room . true enough , there be   lady in red who will press the elevator button for you . the room be not big as compare to other hotel , but it be not cramp in any way

everything write about this hotel be true . book a club room be definitely worth the extra cost . superb service . great position for those that want to be in the midst of     old    hong kong , but stay in a state of the art hotel . we walk everywhere . nelson street with its live fish market , fruit , vegetable and meat stalls be just as remember   years ago , as be the whole area . the flower and bird market be just around the corner . and we think an easy and interesting walk to the star ferry and thus to victoria

great hotel

not much to add to all the other review

great location for explore kowloon and useful to be so close to shop and food outlet in the langham place mall as well as mong kok mtr . room be quite luxurious with lcd tv screen and good quality bathroom . a good base for get around hong kong

wow , where to begin

one of my favourite hotel i have ever stay in if not the favourite !

let me start off by say i have be go to hk for almost   years . i have stay at the regent now the intercontinental , the harbour plaza s , as well as the sheraton , nikko , shangri la , and a few others

this be the best choice if go to hong kong . it be in kowloon but there be a mtr station across the street which get you to hong kong island in about   minutes . the food be amazing and the service be top notch . the rooms be beautiful and appoint with every detail imaginable . the gym and pool be on the roof top and better than any other i have see and i have see some of the best go to the portal restaurant for great burger , drink , etc   the chinese restaurant in the hotel be excellent . also have a starbucks in the lobby connection bridge

from the moment we arrive at the langham place hotel at   in the morning the standard of service be set . we be happily grant an early check in and speedily send up to our delightful room that have extensive view over the city . the quality of all the fitting and ammenities be excellent and we be able to begin the process of make the most of our   night stay in hong kong

we arrive on christmas day   the first stop of our honeymoon . the hotel be in a great location   mongkok be fun and busy and give you a taste of life in hong kong . the location be fab   just a few sec walk to the mtr . buy a octopus card which you can top up when you need and then get cash back at the end of your stay . we wizzed our way back and forwards from kowloon to hong kong island   it be really easy . have recently use the tube system in new york and boston   this be a doddle . we do usual sights   peak , big buddha by cable car , ocean park to see the panda it be so busy there ! ! ! . we be leave a bottle of fizz by the hotel and a christmas gift . our room have such a comfy bed   bliss after long haul flight and prepare for the wedding . great view over hong kong , great bathroom and fanastic service

my boyfriend and i book this holiday with thomas cook signature as a package deal ,   night in hong kong ,   night in bangkok and   night in phuket , thailand

the best thing for us be the location . mongkok be as chinese as it get in hong kong . the extensive night market five minutes walk away have far more local shopper than tourists . bus and train be on the doorstep so you can get anywhere else in hong kong with ease . harbourside location seem sterile by comparison . the hotel itself rates four and a half star     the miss half star be the relatively small size of the rooms . but it be very quiet at night and the air conditioning be effective . staff be excellent . a highlight be the rooftop swim pool and luxurious change rooms . do n't bother with pay for the hotel breakfast    there be a delifrance in the shopping centre next door at a quarter the price . one or two tips . buy an     octopus    card at any mtr station there 's one immediately by the hotel to make it particularly easy to travel around on everything from train and tram to minibus and the star ferry . because public transport be so good there be no need for organise excursion     much more exciting to do it yourself . we recommend lamma island easy ferry ride for an exhilarate walk between the two main villages . stanley market may be touristy , but it do have some great bargains . aberdeen 's high rise development have to be see to be believe and take a sampan trip round its harbour ignore the tourist trap float restaurant . the number   bus which leave from outside the star ferry terminal be just as spectacular a method of get up the peak as the funicular which often have lengthy queue . if you be there on a sunday go to kowloon city park or victoria park for local colour

stay at the langham place a   start hotel very expencive but very poor service . one have one type of bed and they be rock hard , do not complain as you will only be insulted . more like a faulty tower hotel then a   star

what a great find for our stay in hong kong the hotel offer first class service s and be particulary well site for all the exploration we undertake of the island . although the room be relativeley small   this be acceptable as there be only two of us  and the standard of cleanliness and facility on offer far outshone this 'minor ' observation . i would recommend and have be since my return !   the langham place as a first rate hotel with super facility , location , service and best of all , value for money

the room book be for a family of three , they call them kowloon room , which suppose to be a bit bigger than the standard room in the hotel . i still find it to be small for three peoples

love this hotel . it 's now my favourite city hotel in the world . yes , rooms be compact , but they be well proportioned and have everything you could ask for . bed be heavenly and the location be wonderful . i love mong kok   it 's a vibrant and exciting place to explore , but the hotel be very close to the metro so it be quick and easy to get almost anywhere . i very much hope i will return . i also stay at the silvermine beach hotel on lantau which be not this kind of luxury hotel but be also worth stay at as it offer an interesting contrast to the city hotel . it 's only a half hour ferry ride and offer easy access to place like the monastery and tai o small fishing village

we , a group of three traveller , stay in a suite in the langham place hotel for a week and overall , we have a fantastic experience

i stay at the langham place hotel in early april , and think it be a good place to stay if you 're look for something nice and have ~     a night to spend

despite a number of positive review here , i be a bit hesitant when i originally decide to book a room , because mong kok be a very busy area and a bit far from the place i need to go

the positive review from tripadvisor lead us to book this hotel and in general we have a similar positive experience as most people who have place a review . but i feel a number of the review have lack some balance . have stay at a few hotel around the world i can offer the opinion that this be definitely a four star hotel pretend to be five as sell to us via the british airway website . on the positive side the health spa , food and staff be all excellent and the hotel be well locate for the mtr and shopping in mongkok . the health spa and facility be some of the best i have use

langham place hotel mongkok

we start off our trip around the world here . i â € ™ would be to hong kong a few times before and always stay in kowloon area , its a lot less touristy and you get to see the real side of hk and its people . you be right in the middle of all the shop and there be an mtr station right beside you that will have you to the harbour in less then   min

we have a blast here , stay in a club room with access to the club lounge well worth the extra cost but still very very reasonable . the lounge provide bladerunner skyline view , a relax live room atmosphere , plentiful complimentary nibbles drinks and , above all , the most amazing massage chair i have ever use in my entire life . wow ! you must check out that chair ! the hotel 's mongkok location make us feel like local and allow convenient access to the rest of the city via an mtr station across the street . food in the hotel lobby restaurant be outstanding on   different days . the rooftop pool and sauna facility be among the best we have use and it be a pleasure to just sit and 'be ' in the adjacent contemplation room sip tea afterwards . the staff be always helpful and make us feel very welcome without gettting in our faces . we would stay here again without hesitation

book the room thru     booking com    web site . stay at the hotel be very enjoyable easy walk distance to all the shopping you would need internet be free and available   hours at the business lounge also they have this canadian jazz singer sing   night a week her name genieve gigi  she be really very good

from the moment we arrive at reception to be greet with warm towel after a very long journey from the uk , i know that this be go to be a very special hotel

worth book into the club floor for the daily cocktail hour,internet access and all day nibble

a great hotel despite challenge

i spend the final two   days of february   at langham place . my experience , for the most part , be     mixed    at best . in other words , some things they seem to do very well , while regrettably totally     miss the mark    on others

we spend   night here and book a club room which give access to a lovely lounge with food and drink , internet access , fab view and a massage chair

my wife and i stay here for four days in february and both of us absolutly love it . everything be clean and new with a very pleasant smell introduce into the public area by the hotel . everyone of the staff be pleasant and helpful , include the concierge who be always happy to assist with map , place to see and restaurant reservation

this be an excellent hotel with excellent service in one of the most historic parts of kowloon . it 's go to be my home away from home whenever i visit or work in hong kong . the mtr be right downstairs , there 's plenty of outside restaurant and shopping inside the connect mall , and even a theater next door if you have get time for a movie

i stay there   times . the concierage staff be very unhelpful . i think some of them have an attitude problem

as a regular business traveller this be the one hotel i always look forward to return to . i have stay here   times and i be return on monday again and ca n't wait . from the lovely rooms with great view to the excellent restaurant and superb food . but the real bonus to this hotel be the spa on the top floor . it be beyond excellent and if you do stay please try it as it be excellent value for money . a brilliant brilliant hotel

the langham place hotel in hong kong be like every hotel should be

this be our first visit to hong kong , a   night stopover on our way to australia . after much deliberation should we book harbour view hotel   should n't we book harbour view hotel we decide on a non harbour view hotel to fit in with our budget . we decide on the langham place hotel in mongkok . before arrive , we be unsure of the area location of hotel and the style of hotel . we be not at all disappointed . as soon as you arrive at the hotel you will be impressed . we check in and go straight to the bar which happen to have happy hour at the time . great food and drink menu selection with seafood counter . buzzy yet at the same time relax environment . the hotel location be fabulous . right on top of an mtr station with easy connection to travel all over the city . a very easy underground system to use with safe , clean , fast , regular trains . easy to get anywhere on kowloon or the island . the hotel be within very easy walk distance to the famous market and shopping streets . speak to concierge who be excellent and can help with all query , question and direction . regard the hotel , we have a standard room on   floor which we be very please with . very comfortable , great bed and bathroom with glass wall ! ! . good view too . hotel be attach to large shopping complex access via reception which be great for shopping but also have a food hall with menu to suit all . even if you do n't manage a swim , be sure to take a look at the hotel rooftop pool . enjoy ! we would definitely stay at this hotel again

just return from a trip round asia , stay at the langham place for three nights . lovely hotel , good location , only down side room a little small , however if thats all i can moan about thats good . good choice at breakfast . in room facility be good with largish flatscreen tv and dvd player , fantastic shower in the marble bathroom . bed be so comfey , just what you need after a long flight . close to the mtr which be easy to use . eat out be fine as the hotel have a direct access to the shopping centre via a walkway bridge . quite a few eat place here that be good value for money . the staff be very polite and friendly . close to the lady market for some cheap clothes etc

amazing hotel . we stay in the studio suite which be rather spacious . it be on an upper floor and have floor to ceiling windows which look out over victoria harbor and also at victoria peak . the room be very clean and modern , as be the rest of the hotel . its location be also excellent . locate in the mong kok area of kowloon , it sit practically on top of an mtr station so you can get around very easily . it be within walk distance to just about all of the various street market in kowloon as connect to the langham mall   which be great in the event there be a sudden storm , you can kill time w o get wet . we would stay here again in a heartbeat . do n't let anyone tell you that this area of hong kong be not the place to be   have also stay in wanchai , we preferred this location as it let you experience the 'true ' hong kong up close and our your own   much by just walk right out the door of the hotel . it be a very safe area as well , we be walk the street at   and do not feel uncomfortable . in fact , it be not uncommon to see many people on the street at this time



i not normally post review but we stay in this hotel over xmas until just before new year and i think this be probably the best hotel i have ever stay in . service be unbeatable , my executive room be first rate and the pool , sauna and other such like facility be excellent . i find it hard to find any fault in this hotel , even its excellent location in mongkok

stay here for three night as the first leg of a trip which then go on to thailand

its worth go to stay at the langham place just for the dessert ! the chocolate fountain and individual portion of gorgeous pudding be 'to die for '

this be my third stay at this hotel this year . i use to stay at the jw marriott every time i am in hong kong . the marriot be not bad but a bit more pricey . the langham place be relatively inexpensive and it offer spotlessly clean rooms and awesome service . i be go to continue to stay there while i am in hong kong

a true modern gem in hong kong at a great price   everyone at the hotel from the front desk staff to the maid go out of their way to make us feel welcome and comfortable . hotel be connect to a great shopping mall with restaurant starbucks , deli france etc and right on top of the mong kok mtr station

my sister and i travel to hong kong for a cultural experience we will never forget . after read the ranking on tripadvisor i decide to book our   night stay at the langham place hotel . it be fantastic ! there be a few things that be particularly nice     the hotel bar lounge scene which have great food and drink which we enjoy immensely before head out on the town on our   night and many more to follow   the cleanliness   the location   mongkok give one more of a 'local ' feel of hong kong   while on the small side , the bed and pillow be great as be the rain shower , especially after the long flight   the fitness facility , we save our hk   and skip the spa but love the free sauna     gym   the hotel staff   unfortunately i come down with bronchitis too many night at the bar i suppose and the front desk arrange for a doctor to come to my room the follow morning . for only hk     i receive excellent medical care which include all of the prescription drugs . honestly the only thing i would like to change would be the slow lifts elevators . buy an octopus card and travel on the mtr like a pro . it 's incredibly easy to get all around hk and much faster than take a taxi

i read so much about this hotel before take the plunge and book it . well the first bad experience be to catch the underground to mong kok hotel location with a cranky wife ,   hungry   year old boy     about   of luggage . the underground be about a   escalator trip + short walk to the hotel lobby and it do not stick out in your face even when your at the lobby level because you be actually in a shopping mall

stay here not long after it openned . great rooms with glass wall bathroom so you can lie in the bath watch the plasma screen or look out over kowloon

stay here for   night in nov dec

the high tech feature be a little daunting at first as be the see through window from the superb bathroom which as well as enable one to watch tv whilst take a bath , also expose the tiolet to anyone in the bedroom

there 's not much to add that have n't be say already   this be a great hotel ! our   floor room have a fantastic view . it be very clean and contain everything we needed . the jacuzzi   pool area on the   floor be excellent and be also quiet so you never feel crowd

we book this hotel because our first choice , base on this website , hotel nikko be unavailable . have stay in the langham place i am glad

stay here for   night

the hotel be awesome   it 's true about what earlier review have commented   the aroma when you walk into the lobby , the greeting you receive when you walk in . i stay in the executive room   it be very nice , the plasma tv , the bathroom , and the view   i 'd definitely stay there again    what 's cool   i make my reservation through their website in july   when it come close to my arrival date , the price go down two times   so , if you plan ahead , check periodically on the rates   you may be surprise ! i 'll post photo in the near future

first class five star hotel with terrific contemporary design which manage to avoid the stuffiness of compete five star hotel in hk

have a lovely stay at the langham place during a six day stay

we arrive in hong kong after a   week tour of mainland china follow the silk road so this hotel be an oasis that allow us to recuperate before return home

excellant stay . beautiful hotel , inter connected with a shopping mall with a good mix of shop and cafe and restuarants . also beside the mong kok mtr station so easily accessible from anywhere in kowloon or hong kong island

we stay for six night in late october . the hotel be great . rooms , service     food be fantastic . i notice many complaint regard get to the mtr subway , we find this quite easy . just go to the ground level , walk across shanghai street , through the mall     the mtr be just on the other side . if you take the walkway into the mall from the lobby level of the hotel it will be painful to get there

we stay at langham place hotel , mong kok in september for   night on a stopover from australia to the uk . we also stay for   night on our return journey in october but pay for     note of caution   do n't get your time zone mix up and book the wrong night ! ! ! we book an executive studio room for   , on a bed and breakfast package

stay for three night in the standard rooms . even though this be a brand new hotel , i think the decor of the room , especially the bathroom to be quite ugly ! room be small but functional . air contditionaing be fantastic with an easy to use digital thermostat . a power adapter and ethernet cable be provide free of charge inside the mini bar . broadband internet both wire     wifi be super fast but not free . the business center bar provies about ten terminal to suft the web free of chrage   minute time limit . a poster below find the rooms to be noisy and the elevator slow that be not my experience . no noise from the street or from the hallway , and no problem with the elevators . but i agree that get to the hotel from the subway station via the mall be frustrate   you have to go up five different escalators . i quickly learn that exit the station via portland st . and walk around the exterior of the mall to the hotel be much quicker . i have no problem with the location   hotel be just a five minute walk from the northen tip of the temple street night market , and everything else be just quick train ride away with hong kong 's super efficient subway system

the langham place set out it 's stall as one of the top hotel in the world and certainly pull it off . we stay for a few night en route to australia and be familiar with most of the top hotel in hong kong , we be blow away by this place

view   outstanding . rooms   outstanding . service   outstanding . location   outstanding . value   excellent

i book this hotel for a short business trip base on the numerous glow report from this site

stay here once or twice a year . design wise it 's fantastic . a really beautiful place with wonderful rooms and a great location in mongkok . great for business in kowloon as your right on top of the mtr . pretty good shopping center contected directly to the hotel . lots of local color day and night in surround mongkok . more of the real hong kong than you 'll see in central or tst . service be hit or miss , though overall pretty good . room service be delicious . try the cheeseburger or steak sandwich , you wo n't be disappointed . always look forward to return

i stay in this hotel with my mother , maid and   very young kids . we get a kowloon quad room for   exclude taxes . the room be very comfortable , but feel a little cramp

amazing

we stay for   days , honestly the room be only ok when you take a look closely for the detail , might be too high tech feeling for me   very small like those typical hk 's apt , but the attach mall be amazing , one of the best place to shop local hk designer stuff , and it happen to be the discount time , check the mall if you guy have time , very cheap and good trendy item

the hotel be the newer , more beautiful sister to the langham hotel in tsim sha tsui , and it be connect to a huge mall in kowloon . while the tsim sha tsui location be more desirable with top brand name shopping like gucci , hermes , ferragamo , etc just a stone 's throw from the hotel , i like the mongkok location better i have stay at both because of the convenience factor . you can get to the metro without ever leave the building , since it be connect to the mall . there be also an impressive food court in the mall

we stay here in sept for   nights . its a fab hotel and we do n't want to leave . we have an early check in  which be no problem

the last days of our honeymoon we be in hong kong at the langham place . they offer a terrific service start at their welcome desk at the airport . you can choose to go by limo to the hotel   . once we arrive we be welcome and take directly to our room on the   floor . great warm welcome ! this experience last during our stay

believe all the good review   this hotel be absolutely fabulous . this be a modern hotel with excellent service and high quality facility

i stay in the langham place hotel for a week with my wife and two child   and   . we have two separate rooms on a highish floor . i am not sure i can add more than what have be said . rooms be really lovely and luxurious . public rooms be very nice and service from the staff be excellent . we have breakfast every day in the nearby shopping mall which be also amazing . all in all , this be really a terrific hotel . and expedia offer us a really good rate . well worth the money . one drawback of this hotel be that the next hotel you visit ca n't match it and thus may appear disapointing

i book the room through a singapore travel agent and when i go there with the child , they do not allow me to use the pool as they say that my room be book with the travel agent who enjoy very special rates with them , i have to pay additional hk     per pax in order to enjoy the facilities . thank god that my child be not dress up to swim yet . i write a personal complaint letter to the hotel upon return home and receive a reply from them say that they have amend this policy and all guest can use their pool now . too late , i already feel discriminate against

the stay at the langham place be at the end of the holiday . we be glad that we choose a   star holiday in hong kong . when we arrive , the weather be hot , humid and extremely smoggy . of the   days in hong kong , only   be clear hot days

we stay for four night at the end of july and absolutely love the experience . we arrive about   but no problem checking in then . fantastic view from our room on the   floor . we request and get a non smoking room . touch i really like   ice make machine on each floor , huge plasma tv with free dvd hire , free internet access from the business centre , friendly staff , great roof top pool   and his and hers shower , steam room and sauna . in fact , when we say we have a late night flight , they let us check out at   but suggest use these facility and the locker room . this mean we have a relax time by the pool , a great shower , change into fresh clothes before going . yes , the room be n't gigantic   but the view from the window and the glass wall between the bedroom and bathroom make it seem more spacious . and there be a blind you can pull down for privacy ! i love where it be located . great shopping mall for the food court and the more up market retaurants on the higher floors . we have many meal at both . close to the mtr , and close to some great local markets . warning   tonic water be very difficult to find . i find one place nearby only . and my husband want tomato juice , which on the suggestion of the staff we get in the shopping plaza with international food where the big ship come in . i would definitely stay here again

everything about this hotel be outstanding . the best there be to offer kowloon side and close to mtr . excellent value for   * luxury

my friend and i stay at the langham place hotel for   night in july and find it to be pleasantly surprise despite of our high expections . mongkok be definitely not a typical 'tourist ' area but we find it actually more convenient . the attach langham place mall offer a huge selection of restaurant and fast food outlets . even on early morning on weekend , you could still get a very reasonably price breakfast combo at the delifrance outlet . the mtr station be a stone 's throw away . in many ways , the location be actually more convenient than tsim sha tsui since you do n't really have to walk outside for transportation in the swelter summer heat . by the way , there be at least     and a   hour wellcome grocery store within a   block radius

this hotel be wonderful    i can not believe anyone would have anything negative to say about it . i travel frequently on business and pleasure and this hotel be fantastic ! the service be a + . the room we stay in the studio be top notch

i just can not believe that anyone would have anything negative to say about this hotel as it be just beautiful and a true   * ! the staff go out of their way to please you and everywhere you walk , staff smile and wish you 'good morning ' even the 'breakfast staff ' in the place remember each morning as to whether we preffered tea or coffee and graciously pour it out for us as soon as we sit down to have our breakfast . the hotel be stunning and immaculate   i be very fussy and i could not fault anything

my mother and i stay at the langham place hotel for   night after our   week in viet nam as a stop over on july   ,   upon arrival , the bellman take our luggage and promptly direct us to the lobby above the street level that we arrive on . the lobby be very spacious and have a pleasant fragrance . we be give cold face towel , which be quite refreshing . the staff be very courteous and speak english quite well . after a few minutes , i find out that they have book the suite for us instead of the room we request so they proceed to correct the mistake and book us into the club room on   floor . before we leave , i have do some research and also read about the review and thanks to those wonderful review and picture , i know what to expect and there we be   a great room with a great view ! the plasma screen tv be a big bonus and the bed be to die for ! after travel in viet nam for   week sleep on hard bed , the sight of the plush bed , comforter and pillow make me want to climb into bed and call it a night eventhough it be only   . that night we sleep so soundly and so comfortably that we do n't get up until   the next morning and for   week , we could never sleep after   ! the room temperature panel be touch control and a cordless phone be available for guest to use in the hotel . the shower be great with a rain shower head and a regular one , with great toiletry in the shower and along the tub . the sink and surround counter be glass , pretty cool but i think the coolest thing be that i could and do watch a movie on the plasma screen tv in the huge bathtub while take a bubble bath ! the blind can be draw for privacy or pull up so you can see right through to the room , to give it an open concept feeling . the window in our room be floor to ceiling and massive ! there be even a leather seat area build on the window ledge should you want to sit and admire the wonderful view ! the pillow menu be also a great personal touch . i choose the lavender scent and my mom choose the rise scent pillow , they be both fantastic ! tea and coffee and   bottle of water be available with compliments . they even have chocolate and a bottle of water on each side of the night table for us turn down service when we be out and next to each bed , they have a bedside carpet for your foot with slipper on top . we be inform that internet be free wow locate on one floor above the lobby and we could rent out dvd for free as well , although they be old one but we do rent one anyway . the hotel offer several restaurant , although we do n't eat there , the scent of wonderful food as we walk by be pretty yummy

i stay in langham place in july on a business trip , which be first time as usually stay island side   purposely book langham place as its a little out of the way and would have a little more peace from the usual horde of colleuges and client i bump into in other more central hotel

have you ever have a friend that have spend a lot of money on an outfit , and the end result be that she he still appear tacky or tawdry ? well that describe the langham place hotel in hong kong to a tee

i go to the langham place in mong kong in june   on my honeymoon . it be the perfect end to an awesome trip . we arrange for the hotel to pick us up at the airport . a mercedes limo be wait for us with water and a cold towels . when we get to the hotel a quick check in , less than five minutes to our club floor room . our room be on the   floor and have a nice view of the harbor and surround area . wait for us be a bottle of champagne and chocolate nice touch by hotel , even though we book the room at a reduce rate . we almost pick a hotel closer to the harbor so we would have a nicer view but decide on the langham due to its location in a non touristy area and lower price for a club room

my wife and i stay two night at the langham place hotel as a stop over and find the hotel to be delightful . the room be spacious , luxurious and very well appoint , the public area be excellent and the staff be extremely obliging . mong kok be out of the usual tourist area and the surround street be a bit scruffy in place but the hotel be handy to the temple street and lady ' market , if that 's your thing . there be public transport available nearby and the shopping centre attach to the hotel be very stylish

i stay at the langham place for   night from june   and have a fantastic holiday . upon arrival the staff be courteous , efficient and welcome   i stay with   friend and we have book a triple room but be upgrade to a much larger quad room without have to ask . the hotel be immaculate , the whole hotel have a light fragrance of jasmine   not overpower but pleasant and the view over hong kong island be among the best i have ever experience

i stay this hotel for   and i be n't happy at all with them

langham place hotel in monkok be and always will be my choice when stay in hk . i have stay there for   times since oct   i have find their service quality be consistant , although , some hotel staff seem inexperienced . the hotel recreational factilites be amazing . especially with their gym , pool and suna and steam rooms

the hotel be perfect , really well look after and the room be lovely with a good view . free dvd and internet access be also provided . the weather be quite mix so direct access to the mall and cinema next door prove very useful

excellent hotel stay for   night enroute to new york , rooms be small but very comfortable with turndown service . rooftop pool be especially nice as well as gym and spa area , gym have top notch equipment and excellent view , location in mong kok be excellent , not a very touristy area but you feel like yours actually stay in hong kong . shopping be excellent in mong kok and in the attach maill . would stay here again without hesitation . close to subway and

stay for three night at the end of march en route to perth . we have book a family room with two double bed and be for some reason upgrade to the emmasadors suite on the   floor . room be complete with laundry , kitchen , study , two bedroom , two bathroom , plasma t v 's everywhere and simply stunning view

just return from a wonderful time at the langham place and ca n't rave enough about it . it be a bold decision to build a very modern , design statement hotel in a non tourist type environment but it work ! everything about the hotel spell attention to detail , from the edgy floral arrangement to the wonderful smell of ginger flower that waft throughout the public area i buy bottle of the stuff to take home as present ! the lounge bar area be jazz cool and if you want to shop upscale or grab a starbucks there be a multistory , brand new shopping mall attached . or if you 'd rather eat with the local and shop at the market , just step outside the front door lady market be just around the corner . the rooms be hong kong small , but very comfortable with plasma screen tv on the wall and a huge rain shower and glass sink in the bathroom . we have three people in our room husband , son and i with one queen and two twin bed and still plenty of room for luggage etc so while small good utilization of space

this be the second time i have stay in the langham place hotel and the service have much improve over the last time last june

the hotel come as a recommendation , and i be a bit apprehensive when i book it , but it turn out to be a superb hotel . we stay for   night at the beginning of april

we stay at the langham place hotel for   night in april ,   it be a divine experience . we be a travel trio of grandmother , mother and daughter . upon arrival we be please to find   twin bed instead of the typical double bed which require sharing . the bed be very comfortable , unlike many of the very hard bed you usually find in hong kong . the view from our   floor room be spectacular

i want to stay at the original langham but it be full , so i think this sister hotel would be comparable . that prove to be a big assumption . first of all , the mongkok area be congest and a bit depressing . ok  i know some people say mongkok be interesting because this be where the real hongkongers live . but trust me , that do n't mean you want to stay there . i love hong kong and have be there numerous times , so i have nothing against crowd , etc . but mongkok feel choke with humanity

we stay for two night ,   march   , en route to australia . staff be very attentive , rooms be adequate my wife be not amuse by the glass wall surround the bathroom , although she do pull the curtain . excellent location within easy reach of food stalls , market , transport . would use it again

i have be stay at langham place for three times in the last   month   and i really do love it . the standard executive rooms be really small , but i have be upgrade twice   last time to the president suite !   and i think this be a really generous gesture though i even feel lose with so much space for one person   

two of us stay at this hotel for   night in early octobor ,     supposedly , this be a weekend where a lot of people travel for special china holiday . our executive room be on the   floor

we stay here one night . it be conveniently locate , clean , and ready access to a mall . only thing a little weird be the see through bathroom . but a good choice and reasonably price by hong kong standards . also , the restaurant buffet be outstanding

i just finish spending eight night at hotel with decidedly mix reactions . the positive be a wonderful bed and towel and bath shower which be all excellent . the rooms be small . breakfast and internet access be not include in very high rate . worse , there be an odd , rot like smell in my first room and when i be move to next one it be almost as bad

good hotel to start with , but be astonish when they could not accept my visa debit card and instead want a credit card   ! ! debit card mean you have the money in bank and not take a loan like credit card   ! ! have to keep a     security deposit instead

i book the langham place base on review i have read in tripadvisor . i be very fussy when it come to hotel and they must be perfect . i be a hotel manager myself so i really know what i like in a hotel and i have to say the langham be amazing and the price unbelivably cheap for what we get

we stay at the langham place from the   to   march   and have read lots of the review before go and some since my return and offer our impression

i stay in langham last nov during my honeymoon and i super love the place ! i take the normal room and its just soo awesome ! everything in the room be just so nice ! from the super comfy bed to the nice furnishing , to the lcd telephone , to the touch screen aircon adjuster to the cupboard to the awesome   inch plasma tv to the toilet ! oh the toilet be super cool ! the bathroom be ultra nice with transparent door but there be blind if you prefer a little privacy   . the shower stuff be complete so you do n't have to worry

have stay six night at the langham place there be a huge disconnect between my impression of this property and the praise sung by some of the comment list by others on this site . the hotel in my estimation be all style and no substance . in fact , it remind me of a hollywood set . once you go beyond the surface , it become apparent that the hotel be very ordinary and average in many ways and not deserve of anything more than   to   stars .   star â € ¦ impossible

this hotel be a must do . it be so fabuously close to all attraction and , with the fantastic mtr station literally next door , you can be in central hong kong in a matter of minutes

stay at the langham place hotel in mongkok during a vacation in hong kong . langham place be definitely among the best hotel i ever stay with . due to a stay of   night we be upgrade to a suite on the   floor , which be phenomenal . audio speaker in the bathroom ,   plasma tv with home entertainment system ,   very nice bathroom etc . the only critic i can make be that a few times the house keep staff be a bit inattentive   during our   day stay we have on two occasion to repeatedly call the house keep service and ask for the suite to make although we be out of the hotel the whole day and it be by then early evening hours

very nice hotel attach to an awesome shopping mall . also just   block to the lady market street shopping area . there be a subway station inside the mall , so get around to anyplace be very easy

we book this hotel because we get a great rate through ba when book the flight

our family of five stay for   night during a hong kong stopover . we could n't fault the beautiful rooms , the very attentive staff and the location . attach to an enormous shopping centre and   block away from a terrific tourist market we all agree we wouldnt stay anywhere else

my husband ,   year old son and i just spend   days in hong kong from   to   of january

i be there for a short   night weekend break early november last year

we manage to get a storm deal with ba holiday after reading the rave review on this website . everything about the hotel be excellent   from staff and service to location and furnishings . i have actively recommend this hotel to everyone i talk to and ca n't wait to return

i would have to agree with all the positive things that be say in the previous reviews . my favorite part be the incredible smell . everytime you walk into the lobby , the aroma just surround you . so , we have to ask the hotel how they do it . it turn out that they actually bottle it up and sell it . it 's call ginger flower oil and i bring   bottle home . now my own home also have the incredible smell and it remind me of the wonderful time we have in hong kong everytime . and try to get a reservation at     aqua    restaurant . pricey , but the view be incredible

i stay at the langham with a friend in november and it be a truly great experience . we have a twin executive room that have the most spectacular views . the rooms be well appoint and extremely comfortable . we receive outstanding service during our   night stay , the staff at reception and particularly concierge provide excellent advice and be attentive and friendly . the hotel have the most amazing gym , pool and spa area , i only wish we have more time to take advantage of these facilities . we do however manage to visit the lounge bar , one floor above reception , and enjoy the happy hour   for   drink and live music . the hotel be connect to a shopping complex and we find this convenient when we want a quick breakfast at delifrance or starbucks . mongkok be an excellent location , it have the lady market , great shopping , and good local restaurants . the mrt and kcr stations be a short walk from the hotel and the cheapest and easiest way to get around . i would recommend the langham to anyone look for value for money , location and service , it be a great hotel

this hotel have it all   friendly service , stylish rooms , easy access to the rest of the city   lots of shopping   knowledgable concierge staff   chic bar with live entertainment . the place be easy . very friendly with no hassle

i find langham place through tripadvisor and the review do not lie ! ! ! this be a gorgeous hotel   star . i have book this hotel through directrooms com so i get a pretty good deal for it . the rooms be gorgeous . there be a shower and a tub in the bathroom , a very plush and comfy king size bed and a huge flatscreen tv . this hotel by far have a large hotel room especially by hk standards . the service be impeccable and the hotel staff be very friendly ! ! we also love the perk there such as the free internet service and dvd rental

i stay here for   night last month for wed anniversary . i agree with all the rave about this hotel . excellent service and ambience , nice and trendy room , and great location . i am glad that i pick this location as i find the other part of kowloon such as tsim tsa hui a bit touristry for my taste and i find mongkok to be excellent as i can get local eatery and night market within walk distance . my husband and i also love the rooftop swim pool , the fitness and locker , and we love the spa treatment as well though the spa price be not cheap , it 's similar than one in us . definitely will stay here again if i visit hong kong again

we have just spend   night at this hotel . rooms be not the biggest but apart from that the place be difficult to fault . we take two executive rooms as we have our two kid with us . they love the big plasma screen and be able to watch it from the bath

an excellent hotel in which it be difficult to find fault . the cater , room service , the adjancent langham place shopping centre , proximity to mong kok mtr station , where to start    

the langham club rooms be great value . their lounge on the   floor be great for breakfast and afternoon tea

my fiance and i stay at the langham place for   night in april this year en route to australia . the hotel be only open   month when i discover it so there be few review to go on at the time , but the whole concept of the integrated hotel , office building and a shopping centre with   + shop in an authentic area of hong kong sound intriguing , so i want to experience first hand for myself . we get a great deal too at â ‚ ¬   per room per night

my wife and i stay at the langham in mid october ,   , so that i could attend the hong kong electronics fair . due to the influx of visitor cause by the show , many hotel be book and have jack up their prices . we be able to stay at the langham for an average of     per night , include tax , which be an unbelievable deal for a hotel of this class

my husband and i stay at the langham place in mongkok   sept for   nights . i be a bit hesitant at be in mongkok but be now convince it be the best place to stay . it be one small block down from nathan rd . the rooms be a touch small but that be usual for hk and be quite manageable . the staff be very friendly and helpful at all times . we be actually upgrade to a suite as our window start leak water leftover from the heavy typhoon . if you would prefer not to pay for a full breakfast , try the delifrance literally next door to the hotel , through the overhead pass . the breakfast be cheap and the baguette always amazing . for those aussie , do n't forget to pack your vegemite

we book into langham place hotel for   days late june and what a hotel it be ! we be upgrade to the langham place club lounge which give you breakfast , afternoon tea , and canape and cocktail in the evening , our room be on the   floor with great view over the harbour and market , the hotel be situate in the heart of mongkok which be very busy and vibrant , lots and lots of shop , it be aslo conected directly to the mtr via the shopping mall . the restaurant   portal   offer excellent value for money there be so much of a choice at the buffet or if you prefer you can have a la carte menu , the desert section be to die for , warm run white and milk chocolate ! ! ! ! ! ! ! . we be certainly well look after and the staff in the club lounge extremly helpful and pleasant at all times , you be able to borrow cd 's and dvd 's from there for your room . the room be spacious and the   plasma tv be wonderful , you be able to sit in the bath and watch tv , as ita all glass , there be a blind to pull down if require , absolutely fabulous . be only   min away from downtown kowloon by mtr , but be near all the famous market eg flower , bird , lady , temple st . we would have no hesitation to stay hear again and would highly recommend it to anyone . check out the pic

my fiancee and i stay at the langham place hotel in the vibrant part of hong kong call mongkok . we stay at the end of june beginning of july which be part of the low season in hong kong . the hotel be brand new and a more or less integrate part of a huge new shopping complex connect to it by an airbridge . the shopping mall itself be pretty cool with twist walkpaths and very different than an average shopping mall . mongkok be great ! i have be there once earlier but not for more than a few hours make it hard to notice anything else than how busy it was . this time i have more time and it really be a very exciting and alive place ! lot 's of food and lots of shop , and lots and lots of people !   a few famous market here as well ! the temple street market be just outside the hotel   so be the metro subway so it 's very convenient

