this be a fantastic hotel . the service be out of this world . i think i be difficult to please , but this hotel wow me . it do n't have some of the facility that a typical   star hotel have   e .g . restaurant , pool   but it more than make up in many ways . it 's small and cozy , and the staff really get to know you . it start right at the airport when staff meet us and accompany us back to the hotel . they bent over backwards to accommodate our needs . i have   young child , and they somehow manage to squeeze   extra single bed and a cot in one room ! on the first night , a staff walk us to a restaurant nearby that we want to go to . when we finish dinner , we realise that the same staff from the hotel have walk back and leave umbrella at the restaurant as it have start rain while we be eat ! staff member be always polite and oblige , and think actively of your needs . when you return after a long day 's journey they literally run to come out to help you with your work . location be also superb in the bustle causeway bay . rooms be trendy and tasteful , and rates be reasonable

great location in causeway bay , out of the action but very much in it too

lanson place be a very good hotel . hotel have nice location and service be excellent

i have just recently return from a family trip to hong kong . we occupy   rooms as there be   adult and   young kids . the hotel be an elegant oasis set in a bustle neighbourhood . the location be great for food , and jardine 's bazaar be right around the corner . rooms be large and relatively luxurious , with a well supply kitchenette in each and every room . we love come back to our room everyday   the design and amenities be carefully think out and the rooms spacious by most standards . the dvd library be a nice touch as well

we stay at the lanson plc for a total of   nights . we find the rooms just as comfortable and clean and the staff just as friendly and helpful as the first time we stay here   yr ago . the main reason we come back to this hotel be the location in causeway bay with easy access to the best hk have to offer   awesome food and shopping ! !

in late october and november my partner and i stay in this hotel on our way to and from australia as we have family to visit in the hong kong area . we be so impress with our first stay that we be actually look forward to stay there on our return trip home to canada . we like the location in causeway bay area but the hotel itself be the star as we find the staff wonderful , our room very comfortable , and the overall atmosphere of the hotel to be very supportive of the traveler whether there on business or leisure . check in and out be as it should be efficient and pleasant and the fellow at the concierge desk be always very helpful with our coming and going whether it be provide direction or hail a cab for us , they seem eager to please . and the continental breakfast be very good and provide in a very comfortable atmosphere . this hotel be the best value for money we experience in a six week trip where every night be in a hotel   different one and we will definitely stay here on our next trip to h k

be travel from shenzhen via hong kong and stay a night here before fly off . hotel be nice , nicer than most hotel i have stay in hongkong . its clean and modern and well stocked . we have a welcome hamper , which be quite nice , florida 's natural juice and some biscuits . room be well design , with a tv in between to split bedroom and live room , which be quite nice , because my mother have a guest at night over and they be chat away there without disturbing my sleep . currently there be some contrsuction go on just outside the hotel and its terribly loud , but once you 're inside the hotel , you ca n't hear it . i would come back again

my partner and three friend of ours stay five night   it be our third time at the lanson place and my friend ' first   they stay at the lkf last time in hk and say there be no comparison   the lp win hands down on all counts . for my partner and me it be so welcome to arrive late at night after a long flight and the concierge not only recognise us from our last visit but greet me by name . wow . i honestly ca n't imagine ever want to stay anywhere else in hong kong

we stay here for three night and ,as others have report , we recommend it highly for beautifully appoint rooms , superb service throughout and a wonderful location in causeway bay with the excellent mtr give easy and fast access to other parts of hk . we would certainly recommend stay on the island rather than kowloon . we book a deluxe king and it be very large with view on two side ,   tv , ipod player , plenty of storage space,lovely lounge area , free water,biscuits provide , bath robe etc etc . although lanson place have many rooms it feel like a small personal boutique hotel . if we return to hk we would certainly return there

stay for a week at lanson place in early october

lanson     will always be my favorite hotel in hk . fantastic location , helpful staff and excellent room size . will definitely stay here again

we find this hotel on tripadvisor and be very please with the stay . the room be large for hong kong standard , it 's new and love the modern no fuss style of deco . the bathroom be nice and spacious . it 's in the major shopping area causeway bay so times square be only   minutes walk away but on the way there you walk pass like   other shop include the causeway baby woman 's street on jardine 's bazzar ! sogo be   minutes walk away . so be at least   other mall . this be the best value hotel i know in hk

wonderful hotel with wonderful service

whilst i agree with most of review that the hotel 's staff and location be fantastic , i have have   sleepless night due to the poor acoustic of the hotel . we be constanly wake up throughout the night with people insert their key cards for entry to their rooms and tv blare from our neighbour ' room . similar with most complaint , we request for   additional pillow and have to make   call to housekeep

outstanding staff , great location , beautiful public rooms , and excellent guest rooms . i have stay in several very good hk hotel , but i 'd give and edge to this place . i stay in a low end room , and it be just great . the bathroom be stylish with one of the best shower anywhere . the small kitchenette be handy . very comfortable bed . decent breakfast buffet in a beautiful setting . the staff be the best . there be lots of outstanding hotel in hk   this be clearly one of them

one word to describe our stay there   wonderful

it 's hard to think of anything wrong with this hotel . the staff be great , the location be not bad and the room be great . the neighborhood be a little tricky to navigate , but with a map it 's not too difficult

we travel to hong kong as part of our honeymoon   we be go on to koh samui , but have be to singapore     bangkok the usual stop over we decide to try hong kong , know the weather might be a bit dodgy . of the   days we be there we have   day of sun and the heat be unbearable . luckily most of the shop and building in hong king be ac 'd to the max so it be a ligt relief to get out of the heat , the other days be generally wet and humid , meaning several of hong kongs attraction be out of bounds victoria peak . on the day the sun do appear we head to the base of victoria peak but even at the top the visibility be n't great

we stay at lanson place for   night and be really please with the hotel . the rooms , although on the small side , be well put together   we appreciate the kitchenette with complimentary tea and coffee , free internet access , iron board in the room , plentiful closet space and the rainhead shower . the hotel be extremely comfortable and the staff very helpful . there 's also a bar set in an area with a reasonable selection of interesting book , magazine and complimentary newspapers . we also appreciate both the extensive dvd library which be a nice touch for us as we be really jet lagged , and the in house laundrette really useful on a longer stay like ours . it 's in an interesting part of town , taxis be easy to hail on the street , shopping centre and a couple of good restaurant be a stone 's throw away , and there be a starbucks about   minutes walk away . all in , the hotel be extremely conveniently locate , sensibly put together , comfortable , with friendly staff and be all in a solid , mid range choice . we would happily stay here again and think it be good value for money

several month since our stay and we be still talk about how great this hotel be ! walk into the lobby from the frenetic street of hong kong , one be instantly immerse in calm and quiet . we be whisk up to the first floor reception by the concierge and give a few helpful option for rooms we reserve the least expensive , which they have set aside for us , but they also offer us a free upgrade   they only have smoking rooms available for the upgrade but kindly go in and 'neutralised ' the smoke odour for us . the service be impeccable throughout our entire stay . the room be perfect   small yes , but excellent use of space . luxurious mattress and bed , breathtaking view over the mountain , and the kitchenette come in very handy   allow us to have healthy and inexpensive breakfast in the room each morning . it 's in a great area as far as restaurant go , but they also have a delivery service from restaurant across the city if you feel like stay in one night . the location be perfect   easy and quick to access everything we want to see during our   day stay . wish i could return soon

we stay for two night with our child , who both love the place and even pester us to     go back to lanson place !     while we be out shopping ! as other reviewer have mention , this place be amazing . the location of the hotel be great , just   minutes walk with kid to the mtr , closer than it look on maps . service be excellent . there be tons of restaurant on the street outside , so you never have to go hungry . too lazy to walk out ? the hotel have a list of food delivery service providers . design wise , the hotel be a visual feast . the only downside   the room could have be cleaner . i 'd still go back anyway

lanson place be a great place to stay in middle of causeway bay , within a stone 's throw from jardine 's bazaar , a street line with small local restaurant , which provide convenient food for any meal of the day

lanson place hotel be locate in the thick of things in causeway bay in hong kong , but when you enter the hotel , all that be leave behind . the hotel be quiet and peaceful . the library , up one floor from the concierge , have a selection of book and comfy chairs . the rooms be immaculate , with a great view , a very comfortable bed and a modern bathroom . the staff be very helpful and informative . there be also a very nice little work out room . if you like a contemporary boutique hotel , you will love lanson place

enjoy a recent stay at the lanson place . this hotel definitely have a non chain feel to it . the hotel be locate about   block from the causeway bay mtr station and provide easy access to all parts of the city . get upgrade to a moderately size deluxe room with a sit area and kitchenette . highlight of the room be

friendly and helpful staff . very useful cooking facility     ring hob , toaster , microwave large fridge plate and cutlery

a wonderful intimate , boutique hotel , perfect for visit hong kong . good location in causeway bay . amazing personal service , any concern , transport , even bag pick up be arrange flawlessly . very friendly staff make you feel welcome at all times . good continental breakfast , but with a mini kitchen in our room we have the choice of make our own . small well design rooms with work desk , live room , glass wall bathroom and bed . stunning views . stay here become a great part of our enjoyable visit

the lanson place hotel be a great find . we be upgrade to a beautiful one suite . the suite be beautifully furnish with lovely view of the city and an adjoin stadium and hill . great beds . a generous workspace and a sofa set with a dvd player along with a kitchenette could well make you stay there as long as you want ! the breakfast though be disappointing . there be no restaurant as such but the lobby be very contemporary and a nice place to hang around . its quiet and yet have a buzz . the location be great give a short walk to the subway , restaurant and shopping of causeway bay

stay for   nights . the hotel be locate just across the road from regal hong kong where the airport shuttle stop so it be very convenient . we be in a grand luxe room which be very comfortable , modern and have a well think layout . there be also a basket which contain   box of free local biscuit and free drink   bottle of mineral water       bottle of juice . the mineral water be replenish daily . overall , it be a very pleasant stay . the only complain be that the single ash tray provide in the room be although stylish but ridiculously small . perhaps more     bigger ash tray could be practical

i stay at lason place for around   night and love it becuase

enjoy the stay here very much . the room be spacious overlook the park . a seperate area for sleeping with seperate television     air conditioning . there be facility for cooking , but i find the storage arangement rather strange . it be high up over the cooker . i do not think this would be allow in the uk . my wife could not reach , but we find a stool in a cupboard . the glass front bathroom be , as everyone say , unusual . it be not just that one can see , but also every noise can be hear as well

i be a small luxury hotel card holder . this hotel be small but it do n't tick the luxury box . maybe the lobby on the upper ground floor be epitome of luxury with its murano chandelier but that 's all about it . i choose to try this hotel base from the rave review i read here but dislike it the same way a few reviewer here describe it

lanson place hotel make you feel at home with the service of a hotel on top , and here the service be fabulous . thanks to an upgrade our room be spacious and on the   floor , offering a nice view over causeway bay . the glass bathroom may not be everybody 's cup of tea but apart from that the room be perfect good bed , generous storage space , wifi , tv , dvd player , kitchenette , desk , couch . altoghether this hotel be much better than many five star i have be in . we also like the location which be inbetween luxury shopping and jardine 's bazaar and very close to the centre by mtr . breakfast be only     light continental    but still quite nice . when back in hong kong , we will clearly choose the lanson place hotel again

this be the second time i have stay in this hotel . it be again excellent   wonderful service , very good rooms , incredibly comfortable bed , very accommodate staff . the location be excellent , just three minutes on foot to causeway bay mtr . just one gripe   breakfast be not complimentary any longer   it costs     plus     tax . however , this be a small point and will not deter me from stay here again next time i be in hong kong . very highly recommend

lovely , spotless , albeit slightly small , room . charming staff . excellent breakfast . suspect it be only   * because it lack some facility   those it offer be truly   * and the location   stop on the mrt from central be probably what make it so reasonable

we stay in hk quite often and always look for somewhere a little different from before . the lanson be a member of the slh group and once you make it to your room , you can tell it qualifies on size straight away . the staff however be very polite and helpful and the rooms whilst small be nicely decorate with a somewhat open approach to the bathroom in that their separate from the live area by glass and not all that private . that be say , the hotel be a   min walk from times square and the metro , good value by hk standard and tastefully decorate with excellent staff   so if you look for somewhere a little less frenetic than the larger hotel , this might be the place for you . one word of warning however   the soundproof between rooms could do with beef up as we be disturb on our first night by fellow guest with little regard for those aorund them until we knock on their door at   to get them to turn their tv down

why ? the room size , amenities , location , quality , room rate    for a   star , this hotel easily beats many   star hotel , and i have stay at quite a few . while typically a business traveller , i be with my family of   and the staff be very accomodating

ok it be in the shopping area ,it be very calm and quiet i like the room where you have breakfast ,it have lovely book to read but hong kong be aplace where you have no time to read you want to get out and about ,,,,,,there be no buzz about the place nice rooms very pleasant staff also stay in the intercontinental kowloon amazing ,,,and the four season on the island come a close second but more of a business hotel,,,loved all of hong

my husband and i spend   night at lanson place , and we both enjoy the excellent service we receive from the staff , in particular the concierge . there be always a doorman to open the door for us when we enter or leave the hotel . always friendly , always professional . as for the room , it be a reasonable size , for hong kong . decor be contemporary and bright . i love the ihome system which allow us to listen to the ipod as we relaxed . the in room wireless internet be great so i could catch up with all my email on my iphone . for those without a mobile internet device , there be also a couple of computer for use in the business centre on the first floor , free of charge . i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone stop in hong kong

lanson place be a superb choice to stay in hong kong . the hotel be ideally locate less than   minutes walk to the mrt  subway . the hotel facility be top notch . the rooms be spacious , very comfortable , modern , well decorated . bathroom be nice as well . i be on the   floor and the view be amazing

i stay here for a week on my first trip to hong kong and be glad i do ! this be without a doubt the best service i have ever experience in any hotel . the rooms be well appoint and very clean   great location only   minutes from the causeway bay mrt station and plenty of place to eat and shop !   free wifi and a simple pleasant breakfast every day top off the stay

this hotel be clean , atmosphere subdue in a good way , and above all the staff be very professional without be over bearing . the suite be very large for hk standard , although the glass bathroom do lack a bit of privacy . location be of course excellent near causeway bay , taxis and tram be not a problem entrance be on a quiet side street but taxi driver have no problem find it . overall great value for money at this level of service

i move into the lanson place in the last minute after an unsatisfying stay from another hotel nearby

we really love that hotel . it be well locate in hong kong , not too big , very casual and provide free internet access in the room and free breakfast . the staff be very nice and very helpful . only minor thing , they do n't have a bed turndown which for a   star hotel be

my aunt     i stay at the lanson place hotel , hong kong for   night and have a wonderful time . the rooms be very generous in size and fit out . we book two rooms together and get a great suite . the bathroom be the best i have encounter anywhere . the hotel be convienently locate on the hong kong side with a good variety of shop and restaurant within a   minute walk . metro , ferry to kowloon , train link to the airport and the business district be all very convienent

we stay at lanson place for   days and love it . our room on the   floor be like an oasis of calm above the hectic city . amazing view from our room which be upgrade so we have a small suite , excellent staff , really great breakfast as free continental breakfast go . free business center with pc available for use anytime . nice lounge   really like the modern decor throughout the hotel . the bathroom , as others have mention , be a little strange and lack privacy   very nice in design concept but somewhat impractical . lots of thoughtful touch , such as the in room dvd player and free library of dvds . i 'd definitely stay there again

i have just return from a   night stay business triip in the lanson place hotel . this be probably my fith or sixth visit in the last   years and each visit have be a pleasant experience for me

it 's the best address for those keen to put up in the viscinity of causeway bay

love this hotel ! ! be member of small luxury hotel of the world we be upgrade to a large room with fantastic facilities . the small kichen be a bonus . love the view and decor as well . the staff be extremely helpful and friendly . yes the bathroom be a little open but the shower be fantastic , big with great pressure . very comfortable bed and pillow , although have to request a top sheet , small gripe though . our room be opposite the lift , but we never hear a thing , other than people talk occasionaly . it be in a great location , close to the metro which be so easy to use . the gym be also excellent , well equip etc . breakfast be reasonable , with seat sometimes an issue and lots of noisy child when we be there . would definetely return

i have be visit hong kong for several years both for business and leisure . i have find good hotel very expensive . lanson place be a true gem that i would never have find have it not be for my many visit to hong kong

we stay at the lanson hotel on two seperate visit , one for three night and the other for two

book via hotel website  i decide to splash out for the last few days after say at l'hotel . a     difference per night but what a difference in service and inclusions  amazing breakfast include l hotel be   hk   and terrible   smoke salmon and toast bagel omg service be fantastic , very helpful . dvd library be great and we watch a different film every night . complimentary wine also  what else ? a free upgrade to deluxe room . great aesthetic design throughout member club feel  minimalist but classy

the hotel itself be more like a upmarket service apartment



very good choice in hong kong . causeway bay be a nice district on hong kong island . the hotel be very weel locate within walk distance from mtr station and tons of shopping area such as times square

i have stay here for two days , at the beginning of august . the lanson be in a hide street in the causeway bay area , minutes walk from underground or nice shopping area

my partner and i book this hotel after the positive review receive on tripadvisor , and we be not dissapointed . it be more a service apartment than hotel , which i think suit a lot of traveller who do n't need all the bell and whistle of a hotel

we stay here for two night whilst travel on our honeymoon and get upgrade to a kingbed deluxe room . the location of the hotel be excellent for causeway bay yet still very quiet . we be on the   floor and the room be immaculately tidy and quiet . admittedly it be n't the biggest room we have ever be to , but still large enough and with the separate bed room and lounge kitchen area it feel larger . the bathroom be also very high design , but please note the glass door and wall so best to stay there with your better half rather than sharing with a friend  

i love this hotel . grant it have few of the whistle and bell such as a gym , pool or restaurants  but all of that be just right outside . lanson place be very lovely  the rooms be huge and sexy . some of them be smaller  but many be the size of an small one room apartment . the staff be excellent and the location be quiet and easy . i prefer the island to kowloon . the causeway bay metro be just a five minit walk away and there be lots of restaurant and shop down the street . give it a try . you wont be sorry

i stay in the most basic room for three night in august . the room be in an excellent condition , housekeep do a great job of make everything look good , a number of thoughtful feature can be find and the service be warm , sincere and non intrusive

stay for three days from july     this hotel make you feel there be only ten guest in the property . you do n't run into bus full of tourist in the lobby . everywhere be quiet and relaxed  not uptight . just chill out in lounge   where you can plot your day 's itinerary . you would n't mind be stick in the hotel the whole day either  unlike most   star hk hotel that be cramp and noisy

have just return from the lanson place , hk last week . stay there for a week as i have arrange for my training to be hold there

lanson place have be a lovely quiet hotel to stay in during our first visit to hong kong . the staff be friendly , helpful and unobtrusive . it 's a quiet place to return to after busy days of shopping and sightseeing . it be so close to the mtr which make travel around hong kong so easy . lanson place seem to be use mostly by business traveller but we enjoy our stay very much . the free wi fi and the welcome pack be a bonus

i can only confirm what others have write   great hotel

stay here for six night in late june   others have suggest that hotel be difficult to find and this be partly true , as the entrance be on the side of the hotel on irving street rather than leighton road . i catch the airport express train from the airport and then the free minibus   and get off at the regal hotel . the regal be right next door , about   minute walk along leighton road

we stay for two night in march on a stopover on our way to sydney . the hotel be recommend to us and more than live up to our expectations . the staff be very friendly and helpful , the room be clean and modern with a small kitchen and sit area . breakfast be good . the hotel be well place in the heart of causeway bay and the concierge give some good recommendation for eat out . we be able to get a taxi from outside of the hotel if we want to get to another part of the city . an ideal place to stay if visit hong kong for business or pleasure

spend one night at lanson place in causeway bay , and think it be great . the location be excellent , several minutes ' walk from the hustle and bustle of causeway bay , but not particularly noisy . it 's within easy walk distance of the causeway bay mtr as well

accidently book thru expedia   we be try to find a new hotel after our first day at the l hotel    l , we find stand for lame   b c    yeah , it be not a happenin ' place

my partner and i stay six night in lanson place , and be most impress by this boutique hotel

this hotel be a member of the small luxury hotel of the world and , have stay in others in this group and be impress , we decide to try lanson place whilst in hong kong

we stay   night in this modern boutique hotel that open only two years ago . upon arrival the numerous concierge and reception staff be readily available to assist us with the check in procedures . we be offer an upgrade to a corner junior suite on the   floor that be very well appoint and spotless . daily bottle of water and a small welcome basket be complimentary . a kitchenette be standard in their rooms

i stay here twice this month pass through hk on my way to from macau . on the way my flight be delay and i have the hotel organise a car to pick me up at hk . that be great and not all that expensive as it save me hang around for up to an hour after my flight land at   . check in be efficient . reception on   floor so multiple elevator ride to get to room

stay for   night with girlfriend in the deluxe room

i have to say that this hotel be amazing . it be the first time my boyfriend and i have travel to hong kong , so i be unsure of which hotel to choose , as there be so many available . it be gamble , which pay off . we travel to the hotel on our own and get lose , but they send the concierge to find us outside the underground station . the hotel be locate on a quiet street , but be a   minute walk to an underground station point and a busy shopping plaza . the whole hotel have a contemporary , but luxurious feel without be intimidating . our room be surprisingly spacious , consider how much space be a premium in hong kong . my boyfriend be   ! ! . our room be very clean and wonderful to be in and the air condition be a blessing too . the staff be courteous , friendly and helpful , most speak excellent english . i would highly recommend this hotel as it be a true gem , and for what we pay in hotel fee , be a bargain too . we be lucky to find something like this as a first choice , and i be loathe to share this secret , but it would be unfair to keep this place to myself . the lanson place add to what be a fantastic trip , and to top things off i accept my boyfriend 's marriage proposal . a truly memorable holiday . nicci lawrence , west

this be a nice enough hotel and i will start with the positives . great location on hk island , very quick in cab mtr tram to central . the hotel also operate a shuttle to central at   each weekday morning . nice small gym with very modern equipment . clean bathroom and linen and very friendly staff . the room be quiet , although in one of the busiest area of hk island and we be only on the   floor

we stay at the lanson place hotel for   night in december   the rooms be well equip , clean and in a contemporary style   the bathroom in particular be very nice and the room size be not too bad for hk . we find the service in the hotel to be good in general . breakfast in the morning be perfectly acceptable but you would not call the selection of food especially extensive . the hotel be well locate in causeway bay good for shopping and be about a   minute walk from the local subway station . i would recommend the hotel and would not hesitiate to stay next time i be in hk

i stay at the lanson place on business for   days at the start of march . i have be to hong kong several times , but usually stay at the excelsior and the conrad   both very nice

small hotel , service apartment actually as modest kitchen facility be provided . good location in causeway bay , convenient to the shopping area

i be the member of the small luxury hotel and always find hotel from their website when i be on leisure travel

we stay in a number of hotel in various country on this visit and this be the only one that rate above average or excellent

just return from hong kong . spend   night at lanson place and now can confirm previous tripadvisor member recommendation

i book this hotel through its own website . the price turn out to be incredibly low consider its quality , and we be also upgrade to the better room . the hotel location be excellent , close to everything from shopping center like time square to local shop and restaurants . it be also in a walk distance to causeway bay mtr station . the best thing about this hotel apart from the nice , clean and equip rooms that will make you feel like a king , be its concierge . they be the best concierge i have ever meet ! , full of service mind . they give lots of superb advice on local restaurant that could hardly be accessible for tourist and also do a book for us . i 'll definitely stay at lanson place again

we arrive very late and the only room leave be a smoking room , but abject apology from tifanny and an assurance of a room change the follow day avoid any problem

location of the hotel be perfect . i actually do n't have a problem with taxi driver   tell them   leighton road chinese name of hotel be     lan sum    hotel , also tell them it 's just across from st . paul 's convent school , and they will know

for this trip we want to stay in causeway bay for easier dine and shopping options . we have contact lanson place a previous two times but be always meet with radio silence . this time however we try again on the off chance before we confirm our reservation with the fleming and receive an immediate response . they offer a very competitive rate so we settle on the lanson instead as the location be what we be after . in fact all subsquent contact and date change there be numerous be dealt with quickly and efficiently , so thumb up for the massive improvement in communication

i am an avid fan of the tripadvisor com and this be my first post . i have always want to post but never get around to it . however , this time i be compel to write about this fantastic hotel in hong kong

this be the second time that we be stay at lanson place , hong kong . we love its location in causeway bay a stone 's throw from the causeway bay mtr , great food outlet at jardine 's bazaar , good shopping at times square . the room be big for hk standard and there be a small kitchenette if you need to heat up food in the microwave or cook a meal . this time , our room be in an l shaped configuration . the bedroom be a little tight but the live and study space be slightly bigger . the furnishing and fitting be still in good condition

my first impression could not have be better   when arrive at the hotel at   after a long haul flight from australia , i be not only give a room straight away , but be also upgrade one category and invite to have breakfast right away

we have be travel to hong kong twice a year for the past few years , and each time we have stay at a different hotel . all be nice , but none have compare with the lanson place for location , service , and quality of accommodations . from the moment that cecilia check us in , we feel completely at home . the assistant manager be an absolute delight , as be andrew , the concierge who always seem to know the right place to recommend for dinner . there 's a number of very good restaurant nearby , and a movie theatre . plus , it 's not a long walk to either the metro or the time square shopping center , and only a short cab ride to the hk convention center . unfortunately they do n't have a restaurant , but they serve an excellent continental breakfast include in the price , and there 's a jazz duo that perform on weekends . on sunday , after try unsuccessfully to find a nearby protestant church service in english , we discover that the catholic church across the street offer a service at   that be completely in english . we decide to give it a try , and it be wonderful . this hotel be a gem . we recommend it highly , and will visit again soon . lori and barry , st . petersburg ,

we stay at the lanson plc   night     move on to disneyland hotel after that . we book the lp , after reading nice review , but we have a different experience . when we check into the hotel , there be a power trip , but it take a while before the problem be identify     solved . we put in a request for   additional pillow during book   we do n't get them . i have to make   call to housekeep ,     it occur to me they prob run out of pillow , as the   pillow be in fact a cushion in a pillow case ! we do n't mind the continental breakfast but it be uncomfortable eat from the sofa in the lounge lobby . yes , hotel be clean     modern in design     staff be polite . but it lack warmth     be clinical in the atmosphere . i tend to agree with one of the earlier reviewer over the functionality of the kitchen area and the lack of a bath tub   it really hit us hard when we realise there be n't any . design of the room be awkward ,     not great when you have young kids . there seem to be a lot of storage . with the kitchen     storage , the bedroom area be tiny . i would prob think this hotel works for the business traveller   its get a nice biz cte . we be very much disapppointed   fortunately we have a more relax     enjoyable time at the disneyland hotel pls see separate review

this place be a wonderful home in hong kong . we like everyting about it !

lanson place be a calm oasis , something i appreciate give hong kong 's frenetic intensity

revisit hong kong after many years we want to ensure that we get a decent place to stay at a reasonable rate . we book directly with the hotel and be please with the price of approx . Â £   a night . the hotel be tuck away near to the hk regal . what we get be a wonderful room beautifully apportion with a small lounge , kitchen , large bed and a shower room with wc . the main impression be of glass and , once you have get use to the fact that the toilet be also surround by glass albeit shaded glass at the bottom it become second nature . they have make great use of limited space with the flat screen tv in the centre of the room , swinge on a pivot so that it can be see either in the lounge or from the bed

this hotel be a gem . our experience be consistent with most other reviewers . but there be a few things i 'd like to add

to say the lanson place exceed the expectation of my partner and myself be a major understatement . fabulous room and a very good size   more like a mini suite , great design touch love the mirror framed swivel lcd tv , and the crazy red laquered corrugate bathroom door off the bar area , plus a long list of thoughtful extra like free replenishment of bottled spring water every day in your room   everywhere else i have stay they charge outrageously for it . and as for the location    causeway bay be one of the great shopping destination on the planet , and the lanson place be right there in the middle of it   everything you want be within an easy walk . we have   night and could have stay for another   very easily if we 'd have the time . our only problem with the lanson place be that with all these great review , it 's soon go to be impossible to get a room there

just come back from a   night stay at the lanson place , great location , very nice rooms a very enjoyable stay . i book the lanson place base on the review i have read on tripadvisor and i be not dissapointed . read the review ! !

we stay for   night and pay around hkd     a night

i stay at the lanson place hotel in causeway bay for two night in late sept   for business . i have to go to hk on two days notice and pick this hotel after read all the favourable review on trip advisor . i be not disappoint

after look through the review and sample pic here , i decide to book us at this place for a romantic weekend in hk . the book experience be pleasant through the website and get the best rate i could find   cheaper than asiarooms com and asiatravel .com . you will get an answer to your query within   hours , no matter what time you send it . we get a free upgrade too when we get there

travel often to hk , i have try many luxury business hotel and the lanson place be the one i prefer , with the more personality . i stay there   times and i feel like at home at first sight

my husband and i have just move to guangzhou , china recently for work and have be hope to find a nice hotel that we can feel comfortable and     at home    in when we visit hk . much to my surprise , after reading the review on the website , i decide to give lanson place a try and immediately know that we have find our sanctuary . right in the heart of the busiest area of hk , we find a tranquil , relax and soothe environment that envelop us in luxury and comfort . the rooms be a very good size , the staff be efficient and polite , and the gym be more than adequate . what be totally

i be on a business trip and it happen to be a convention season , which mean all   + hotel be well overprice above the limit that i be allow to spend

we stay in lanson place for five night in june   the hotel be excellent . it have everything you expect for a boutique hotel   the service be great and the rooms very spacious we be expect a really small room , which be consider the norm in hk . we have a corner room which give us more space as the bed and the sit area be totally separate and the bathroom be very modern and be equip with everything you would need

this be a very good boutique style hotel . the staff be very very good . it be a good location for the trip to stanley by bus a must do it be also close to the mtr and you can walk to ferry . it be quiet for sleeping , which in hk be important . buffet breakfast do not include cook food such as eggs . i find myself down towards central and soho a fair bit , so next time may stay down that way but overall a really great hotel

i enjoy stay at lanson place . the room be spacious over   sq foot with modern decor . it have everything i need , fully equip kitchenette , safe , iron , iron board , plasma tv and plenty of storage to hang the clothes . i also receive a nice complimentary welcome basket contain food , snack , and drink

we be just back from hong kong , after one week 's visit . we have be in many hotel , usually not many times in same one . but i feel that this time we enjoy our stay so much that there be no doubt we will book lanson place also next january . our room be very nicely decorate and comfortable , all staff very friendly , breakfast be very good , just the things i would choose even from bigger assortment . we be upgrade to bigger room because our room be not ready when we arrived . we like the kitchenette because you actually could stay in hotel some evening and have some snack there , the room be so nice . iron and iron board be great , gym good enough and there be nice lounge with lots of book and magazines . mtr be near so it be easy to go around . i ca n't complain about anything

i have recently june   have the good fortune to run a training course in this hotel and be a guest at the same time

book to stay at the lanson place hotel purely from review on this website , and be not disappointed . my stay be   night in late may . perfect location for a visit to hk , everything you could possibly need be in walk distance mtr , shop , restaurant , etc . hotel be in great condition relatively new , the staff be fantastic and knowledgeable ,     the service be second to none . i be travel on my own , and they make me feel very welcome ! ! will definately stay here again , and will reccommend to others !

what can i say ! everything about this hotel be excellent . great rooms , clean and spacious with every convienence . small kitchenette , iron , iron board , ac adaptor , free internet and the most comfortable bed we have sleep in on our entire holiday . add touch such as free juice , biscuit , and bottle water in room make all the difference

just back from a   night stay at the lanson place . for the price , this hotel be a real bargain consider the standard of the room and the fact that you be in a reasonably good location

we recently stay at the lanson for   nights . overall our stay be fantastic . the rooms be not huge , but after stay in many hong kong hotel   they be rarely huge . the rooms be well appoint , and it be a big plus to have the kitchenette . the staff be quick     polite . the concierege service be great for purchase train ticket etc . base on stay at other hotel langham place , south pacific , nikko etc . , the lanson be great value for the money . we be not huge breakfast eater , but the breakfast offer a fair selection     the food be fresh and plentiful . this hotel do not have a restaurant , which be a bit of an issue when you be tire     craving room service . other then that we would definetely recommend the lanson

nice hotel in a neighborhood somewhat different from central . rooms be nice , not big though . have be hugely disappoint by the breakfast , which be a shame . no bread , only toast without any toaster , bad american coffee and a muesli that taste like porridge . pastry be soft and tasteless . be a huge breakfast fan , it kill our morning . otherwise , friendly staff and close to the mrt . free business center be a plus

ah the lanson place hotel   finally there be an affordable and comfortable island of cool in hk . we too be tear as to whether to publicise this wonderful oasis , but have it not be for this website , we may not have find it in the first place

this be our first visit to hk and we choose to stay   night at the lanson place base on tripadvisor reviews . we be not disappoint at all   the hotel be beautifully appoint in a minimalist way , the service be excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful . i think they have modify the bathroom as our glass wall have be sandblast for privacy . the room be not huge but the layout be very intelligent and make the room seem spacious and efficient . have a mini kitchen fully stock w utensils be a bonus . i suppose that make up for the unfortunate lack of room service restaurant on premises . but the buffet breakfast be very good even though the selection be exactly the same everyday . there be mostly business traveller there . the surround neighborhood be a little funky but certainly convenient to everything . we receive an excellent rate directly from the hotel and it be a true value

i stay at the lanson place this week , it be only one night but i have to say i be impressed . your first impression be that of restraint and clam as you enter , quite the opposite to the assault on the sense hk can often be

after reading about this hotel in cathay pacific 's inflight magazine and an asian travel magazine , i decide to check out the hotel 's website . the picture and amenities list be enough to convince me to try the place . i also read the good review here at

be a dedicate fan of small luxury hotel group , i do not have any doubt try out the lanson place during my christmas vacation . the promotional rates on the hotel site be good value for money and it should be book through internet only . upon arrival , everything seem up to standard , the atmosphere , the lobby , the recpetionists and although there be a few other people checking in at the same time , the process be do within   minutes

i stay in hong kong about   times a year and usually never stay in the same place twice

i essentially have   min to book a flight and a hotel in hong kong   checked the review on tripadvisor , and think that this hotel would be just ok

thanks to all the review and comment on tripadvisor which make me pick this hotel last week for a trip my husband and i go for our anniversary day . it be just great , perfect location , spacious room with awesome view , and very professional staff . we thoroughly enjoy our stay and would recommend it to anyone come to hk . will definitely return ourselves

