largo hotel be locate ideally near the exit   of jordan mtr , it make travel by mtr extremely easy for first timers here in hk . anyway , outside of the hotel entrance , there 's   cafe just across the street , which make life easier for those traveller who 'd prefer to try local food , rather than hotel food

its affordable and locate at the heart of kowloon

it 's not worth spending lots of money to stay in a hong kong hotel when you 'll be out shopping or dine the whole day anyway

my second hotel in hong kong . we stay there   night but we think normal one

because my girlfriend and i be on a tight budget , we have filter out largo hotel as one of our top   list of hotel that be in our price range . we be n't expect much from a hotel which we think the price for   night be a steal , but to our surprise it be indeed above our expectations . when we first arrive , we be comfort by how clean it look , with its posh exterior look kind of like a boutique hotel . the staff be polite and be able to speak english be a plus for us . when we have arrive at our rooms , we 're quite please that everything be clean , especially the toilet , because my girlfriend and i be quite abit of clean freak when it come to toilets . i must say that the room be small but cosy with nice adjustable lighting they have the basic amenities like hot water boiler , blow dryer , television , coffee and tea and tourism magazines . the air conditioning be too cold for us even though it be on the highest temperature so we turn that off . something that i must say as well be that the chamber maid be super trooper , diligently arrive at the same time everyday to clean our rooms and quite eager at times and they do a good job

the place all in all be ok , except its a bit far from the shopping area , near temple st . tho . the room be very very small , and the bath room , could barely fit   person , incredibly small room ! !

i would highly recommend this hotel especially if your on a tight budget . the staff be very accomodating and friendly . for couple like us the room be just right . the bathroom be clean with strong water,shower hot cold , bathtub, airconditioning be okay . there a mini ref,blowdyer,kettle,tv pay movie no other channels i think the hotel be a non smoking hotel , becausse my husband request for a smoking room and our request be not granted no big deal anyway . the hotel be near   and jordan mtr stations . and also   block away from temple street night market . the place be very convenient . believe me ! i 'll surely go back to largo hotel

stay for   night at the largo hotel in jordan , i find the location to be very convenient , less than a one minute walk from both the jordan metro station exit   and the cityflyer   airport bus stop . nathan road be just   away so great for shopping and just get about . the reception be be well staff and check in be prompt an courteous . the rooms however be quite small , so if you be travel with a large suitcase or two you will need to climb over them to get around your room . wireless internet be available throughout the hotel , but the reception in the room be quite spotty . a room safe would be an nice addition as well as more english channels on the tv . ok stay for a night or two but you feel you need a little more space in your room or if you be stay longer better to get a larger room elsewhere

we always come here for short trip to hong kong . it 's a small , but comfortable hotel locate very near the jordan mtr . if you want a good value , well locate place and do n't expect a fancy breakfast , this be the place to stay

largo have a very good location near to mtr station . rooms be very small , but clean . staff be friendly and we spend great time there . i can recommend

the hotel location quite strategic . temple street , nathan street and jordan mtr station be just nearby the hotel . locate at naning street , just a stone throw distance from the bus stop where you alight from hong kong international airport . however the room space be quite small and a little bit expensive . overall i will consider this hotel as good for budget or backpack trip

we stay here for four night the hotel spotlessly clean even the carpet in the hallway , the rooms be on the small side well decorate and perfectly fine and not as small as some make them out to be , bathroom have amazing shower , however the tv only show chinese apart from one rather poor english channel with the option of pay movie channels not that important but it 's nice to have when you wake up in the morning and make a cup of coffee by the way they only have chinese tea supply so have a trip to the   across the road the internet wifi be expensive at   dollar per day when most hotel supply free of charge

we stay three night at the largo hotel . it be spotlessly clean , staff helpful and friendly . the room be very small like most hotel in hong kong . very quiet despite building work next door . shower fantastic ! bar fridge , kettle and hairdryer supplied . bed firm but not too hard , pillow good . breakfast adequate but not great . internet connection weak   use an unsecured connection that come up instead !   location perfect for night market and mtr train station and express bus to the airport .   eleven opposite very handy for milk for our tea in the morning and bottle of water . overall i 'd recommend this hotel as good value for the money . we pay aud     for   night with one breakfast include each day

stay here for   night , room clean daily spotless , staff very friendly , good value for money , room be not

when you read all the reveiws of this hotel everyone comment on the size of the room well i work in r estate and i have sell house with bigger e suites than our entire room it be so small we could only open the bar fridge halfway before it hit the bed , have say that the room be very tasteful it have a comfy bed great pillow and a terrific location , not to mention the nice touch of have a window from the bathroom toilet into the room just wonderful for the bashful type , a sit in peace if you do n't mind,if you be not plan to spend a lot of time in your room this hotel be great value for money it be very close to nathen rd and the temple st night market

this hotel seem to have be recently renovate

largo be a gem . brilliant location , just off the main nathan road which run all the way down to the harbour , but somehow amazingly quiet , couldnt hear any noise traffic as soon as we step into the hotel . the most efficient maid , clean the sheet and new towel every morning . the internet provide be a tad expensive at     per   ! so we use the free internet in pacific coffee which be everywhere ! but we be both really impress

this hotel of simplicity and elegance be perfect for minimalists . not for you if you like to live in a mall . i get an octopuss card at terminal   , follow the sign to the bus depot .   get me to a stop on nathan road near the nathan hotel . later i discover that   with a stop on jordan road be even closer   i take the   on my return to the airport . the staff be quick and helpful without much ado . i arrive very early , but there be a room available , so they go ahead and check me in . that be incredibly wonderful after a long flight ! ! the single room be small , but   of my friend and i manage to chat into the night sit on the full size bed or on the floor . it be fabulous to wander to any direction from the hotel   another big perk be the fantastic bookstore nearby . i never do take the metro , because it be just a good stroll to get to tsim sha tsui area . up and down nathan road , or cross over to and from temple street , when i get tired , i turn into the little nanking street , and there at the end be a place of serenity

before i go there , i have already read some review from this website , so i wo n't have any surprises . however , i still shock when i see the room . it 's really small , especially the bathroom . but i think that be the only problem , cause the staff be great , location be superb , and i do n't spend much time in the room anyway , so eventually the small room be not a problem anymore

stay there twice and both be as a single occupant . although the rooms be small , but it have everything a tourist need and the hotel staff be very willing to accomdate any requests . kudos to the hotel

stay   night at largo during my holiday in hong kong just last week aug   . my friend and i have a fantastic stay . we be greet with polite reception , who try their best to meet our room preferences . upon arrival , my friend 's luggage 's passcode lock be faulty and refuse to open . desperate , we go down to the front desk to borrow a plier or screwdriver we could break the lock with . instead , they offer to send a handyman to help us open the bag . he open the lock within minutes

my husband and i stay here in april for   night on the way to europe and in june for   night on the way home . book it through agoda on the net , we pay     per night in april and around     in june per night . judge by other hotel price in hong kong , although as others have comment that the rooms be small , we have stay in smaller in europe . the staff be courteous , helpful and the hotel be clean and comfortable . the buffet breakfast be only     almost     each and the transfer from the airport to hotel be reasonable although it be cheaper from hotel to airport with the same company , strangely enough . if you want to stay in an area typically chinese more like the old china , then this area of jordan be that . the mtr be just around the corner although make sure you ask the hotel for a map with direction on as we get lose take the wrong exit at first . if you want some good quality and reasonably price shop , rather than the touristy area , catch the mtr two stop to mong kok where the local shop . we find a multi level shopping plaza where we do most of our shopping , call langham plaza with great specialist shop as well and great coffee shop

before leave for hk i be search for a review regard largo hotel , as i do n't want to encounter another surprise like when we stay at wing sing hotel last oct .   but that 's another story , luckily i find your site , so no more surprise this time for me as i know what to expect with regard to size of the rooms and the ameneties of the hotel . me , my wife and our   yr old son stay for   night we be out shopping during the day , our room be small but it be clean and the bed be comfortable for a budget hotel . as most hotel do , they require a hk     deposit refundable upon check out . the surprise come when we be about to check out and refund our deposit , the hotel clerk tell me that they be go to deduct hk     for a   min idd call , the problem be , i do n't use idd in call my friend 's landline who life in kowloon and the call last for a mere   as i be logging my own call , but i do n't argue with him anymore . so our deposit be down to hk     , when we be go to refund our remain deposit , the hotel clerk tell us that they be go to charge us another hk     for a stain on their bed linen , we do n't let it pass this time , so my wife accompany by one of their clerk go back to our room to check the problem , turn out to be a small tea stain , my wife decide to clean the stain herself . imagine , charge you hk     for a little stain wc can easily be clean by soap and water ! hk     wo n't seem much for someone else but remember , you can eat   meal at cafe de coral , buy a nice dress at giordano or bossini or buy another nike or new balance shoes at fa yuen st . in mongkok with that same amount but that 's another story

my wife , daughter and i stay in largo hotel for   days and   night and the hotel be fine for us . though the room be small but its hongkong so it 's very understandable but it 's clean and the bathroom be spotless . we avail the buffet breakfast inside the hotel once but we do n't like the service at largo cafe because of there waiter . but overall the hotel be fine and in perfect location , near jordan station and nathan road . but do n't avail their buffet breakfast and besides the food be very basic , nothing special

i choose this hotel be because strategic     convenient hotel to stay in hk     spend my holiday well . unfortunately i spoil my holiday because those lady staff especially lady supervisor from reservation department . i be stay in this hotel for   , the room be extremely small , i never ever see such a small hotel room . the carpet very dirty with dust and the cabinet furniture be old . the front desk staff be rude     unfriendly . i regret to stay in this hotel and they spoil my holiday in hong kong

i be aware that i be not go to a great hotel . have say that , i will go back again because of the location and the price

rooms be small , just enough space to walk around . perfectly fine for   persons . toilet be small as well , but once again , just enough for you to do everything you need in a toilet . room and toilet be really clean and cosy . pefectly fine when you be on budget and want a location near to mtr . a   eleven like store   min away as well together with a bread store where you can get breakfast . breakfast be not provide , but in hongkong i not think most budget hotel provide breakfast . lift be pretty small as well , but enough for luggage and   people . extremely close to jordon mtr station .   minutes be the duration . great place to stay when on budget

we stay for   night at this hotel . book a double room , indeed it be small but clean . the room be still cold even i have switch off the air con

other than the excellent location near to jordan mtr station and nathan road , there be little to recommend about this hotel

my boyfriend and i stay in this hotel for   nights . the location be very convenient because it be very near the mtr station jordan station as well as the most famous nathan road wherein many shop , restaurant and stalls be locate

i have spend   in hong kong last june with friend and stay in mayfair . the hotel be locate be very conveniently near to the nathan mtr and surround with shop , restaurant , cafe and etc . the temple street night market be just within a short walk distance

the mayfair garden be just a stone 's throw from nathan road and a beehive of shop and restaurants . the room , however , be the size of the average home bathroom . the bathroom be the size of the average home wc , lack a close door for privacy   a slide one be the only protection from prying eyes

