room be fine . all be good . arrive at   pm to check in . so no restaurant open . the porter tell me if any food , call room service . i connect to the internet .   hkd an hour in a   hkd a night hotel ? ? ? ? they call this a cyber hotel to charge for wire and wireless internet in the room . sound a bit odd to me . i order the burger as menu have nothing significant else on it as it be after   pm to order . order san pelligrino and fresh grapefruit juice . eat it . pickle be off . greasy bun . bad thick overcook fries . not good at all but hungry as hell so no choice . bill come to   hkd . a lot of money i think for this . that be like   us dollar

first time reviewer on tripadvisor and avid globehopper around the world and have just come back from a trip to hk , one of the more memorable relaxing stay be at the cyberport . i stay there one night only with my parent on nov .   have book two rooms . although be a spg platinum member , i arrive at the hotel with no expectation have never stay there nor hear much opinion about this place aside from it be remote

we stay at the le meridien cyberport for a night on a layover go to vietnam . we check in around   and the staff have upgrade us to an ocean view room on the spg floor . our room be comfortable and very clean . we also appreciate the free internet available in the lobby . we hang out at the pool for a little bit the follow day and they staff be very nice . we also have lunch at prompt and really enjoy the buffet . the set menu for   hk be an incredible value as well . along with the well choose international beer they have on the menu , we have a spectacular lunch . we also have dinner at umami in the outside patio . great sushi roll and the martini cocktail be delicious . overall we have an awesome stay at the le meridien cyberport and will definitely be return

my wife , mother in law and myself stay at hong kong â € ™ s le meridien cyberport for   days and   night on our first stop in southeast asia in september of   we use starwood point for the entire stay and we receive the   night free as well . due to our gold status , we be on the high spg floor with unobstructed full view of the south china sea . we receive an additional twin size roll bed at no extra cost and complimentary breakfast for   people . i give this place two thumb way up for many reason and i would definitely stay here again . i myself be a modern and contemporary freak , and for me to be impress with le meridien , all i can say be keep your ritz carlton , marriot â € ™ s and hiltons   this be much better . the space be so minimalist , clean and relaxing . the bathroom be almost a haven with the rain showerhead and the tub ready to use with your complimentary hermes products . the   inch plasma in the room sure do make you want to relax in the pima cotton bed as well , not to mention enjoy a cold drink while pleasuring the view . floor be mostly hardwood with a little bit of carpet . room service food be not all that great , would avoid it . the entire hotel be very well keep , no detail be leave unnoticed , include how you notify the cleaning staff that you want your room cleaned . the pool area be unique , not big , but nobody be there when i go , seem to be in a shady area though . overall the hotel be very quiet and so be the surroundings . the breakfast buffet be actually really , really good , i be impress with it . although the price of it be approximately     per person , a little on the pricey side , there â € ™ s nothing else really around for you to eat , so take advantage of it . as for the staff , you have to understand that it â € ™ s a different culture and they don â € ™ t always cater to the western hemisphere ways , so don â € ™ t take offense . for example , my wife and i check in , my wife do most of the talk but when question be ask , they be direct toward me . i advise my wife that its not normal for a female in this part of the world to take control when the male figure be there   it be what is . so in say that , i wouldn â € ™ t categorize the staff rude , although they be very soft speak and hard to hear at times . the staff at the restaurant be superb , great people , even the cooks chefs . the hotel also have several bars restaurants . we go for the happy hour and that be good , there be free internet access in the bar area . apparently there be a bar restaurant on the   floor that people from other place come to and it get pack on the weekend , very hip crowd . the hotel be right across a nice modern mall which unfortunately be not be use to its full potential . there be a food court area where we eat a few times in the evening , very affordable and good . next door be also a little grocery store so you can stock up on water , alcohol and treats . there â € ™ s also a pastry shop with good deli and cook food . the only disadvantage to the le meridien be the location , but then again , be it really a disadvantage ? with all the hustle and bustle of central     kowloon , loud and congest street and not to mention the pollution , cyberport be about   minutes away from all of that , which make it very enjoyable and relax at night . taxi cab be about   each way , so make sure you take that into consideration when tour around or book the room . you can catch the bus in front of the hotel , but it doesn â € ™ t take you to central , just to kennedy town and then you have to catch another bus that will go from one end of the island to another . it â € ™ s fun the first time or on the way to central , but on the way back be not as easy and after a while you â € ™ re ready to just get to your room , so you end up get a cab anyway . again , i just want to emphasize that my family and i be very impress and would stay here next time we come to hong kong

rooms be nice and clean . bed be n't so comfortable . service , typical hong kong style , cold . take us half an hour to check out

we stay at le meridien cyberport for   night and leave with mix

yes , it be not in the smog ridden heart of hk but surely the cheap taxi   min max from central be worth it . the cleanliness , room view and great pool area make up for it be in pok fu lam . breakfast be excellent and the food , although pricey be good quality . drink price be ridiculous but just turn leave out of the hotel and go to the international supermarket , where they be almost   that of the hotel . just make your own minibar ! also , there be plenty of restaurant all within a short walk or taxi ride so do not let this put you off . all in all a great business , and family come to think of it , place to stay

one of the best hotel i have stay at . efficient , helpful and incredibly friendly staff , they even help us with say some words in chinese on top of the typical recommend restaurant and tours . the hotel itself be locate in cyberport , a modern high technology area full of expatriate , great restaurant , sidewalk and parks and expansive view of the sea . while cyberport be not close to central or kowloon , a quick and cheap cab ride have you there with little stress . actually , we love stay outside of hong kong because after a day of tour in the city , it be great to lounge by the gorgeous pool and terrace in peaceful serenity without the noise of central ! the rooms be very modern and very cool . on site restaurant great , and there be also restaurant in the area plus a shopping mall and a movie theater right across the street . highly recommend hotel if you be travel to hong kong for leisure , tons of family stay at the hotel as well

stay at cyberport for   nights . modern decor . pay only hk     per night for a large room with ocean view and buffet breakfast included .   minutes from downtown hk by taxi   hk   . hotel shuttle for a fee . drop you off at ifc where you can find several trendy restaurant , bars and lounges . airport express train arrive at ifc . international super market in cyberport centre and ifc . highly recommend the meridien cyberport for both leisure and business even though this hotel be not locate downtown hk . great value

i spend six night at le meridien cyberport as i have business to do in this part of hong kong island . get there be rather easy . an hourly direct shuttle hkd   leave from     central    station of the airport express train the bus be wait right in front of the train platform on the same level .   minutes later , it drop you in front of the meridien hotel . check in be quick and efficient . i get a nice room on the last floor     spg floor    that have all the amenities you can expect from a good hotel include a large lcd tv and an ipod dock station . the bed be quite comfy and the bathroom , nice . the transparent wall between the bathroom and the bedroom the management seem to be proud of can be make non transparent for those not travel alone    view be nice    consider what can be see in cyperport ! windows do n't open

this be a hotel locate right overlook the sea . the amenities in the hotel be of latest sci fi taste

we get a free one night stay at the le meridien cyberport due to credit card rewards . safe to say , this be probably one of the worst experience i have have with a hotel . first of all , the hotel be locate all the way past pokfulam , far from any real tourist attraction in hk except ocean park perhaps . however , cyberport be allegedly an up and come it district , so if you be in hk specifically for that reason , it 's a great location

i be very disappoint in this hotel , mostly because of the location . it be completely isolate with no shopping , restaurant choice or even scenic walk anywhere around . the rooms be modern and very     cold        ok , but not my taste . the front desk staff be slow , and the hotel be slow to correct problem when my key would not work

we stay two night with our   month old baby and be disappoint because the room be so small and they be not very well sound proof   after we go to bed on the first night we could hear a man next door on his phone and bang his door

stay   nights . be a platinum member , should have get an upgrade to a suite , but only get a corner room . the rooms be really cool , and really love the view . size of the room be average , but still my wife love the room

i stay for two week in le meridien cyberport whilst attend a training course at the cyberport complex . i have a room on the top   spg floor with an ocean

i be very excite about this place . i be let down . its certainly nice and plush , but the building be sideways to the coast it sit on , make all the view rubbish by default . our room 's wooden fitting be very scuff , but there be some nice touch here and there in the room itself . its mile away from anything , it not matter to us as we be stay with friend beforehand down the road . however cab be so cheap you can get anywhere for less than Â £   the guy on the desk werent that friendly , and the shuttle bus they put on every hour to central be very late when we get it . maybe that be a one off , but its a nice touch

i stay in this hotel for three night whilst attend a conference at the adjacent cyberport centre

i stay at le meridien cyberport during a recent business trip , and i do n't want to leave ! the rooms be clean and modern , plus i have a lovely view of telegraph bay . the staff be extremely friendly and responsive , and the breakfast offering be wonderful . everything about it be pure enjoyment . i do n't mind the distance to central at all and the bus shuttle be efficient . i will stay again and again ! it 's possibly the single best hotel experience i have ever have

stay here for two nights     because want to use all the coupns before it expires    

this be my first stay here and it be an impressive property . the location be a little inconvenient for this business trip , but taxis be available quickly at the front door . staff at this hotel be extremely helpful at any point during the stay , book restaurant , order taxis , bring adapter for pc to the room , etc

my last review from dc be long and rambling . this will be a little shorter , as i am pole vault out the door to shanghai   hangzhou for business   holiday which will spawn yet more review

this be the second stay i have for business . i like this place mainly as the rooms be smart and modern lots of glass wall etc and the whole hotel have a good feel to it . not too large . staff be friendly and efficient . the breakfast buffet be well stock and vary

the meridien be areally nice base for our stay in hong kong , the rooms be great , the staff be fantastic , the only draw back we find be that a lot of taxi driver do not know where it be

i book the hotel direct and as i be stay for more than   night , i get a great deal , average   dollars night incl . breakfast , for a family of four . the hotel be relatively new and very modern . beautiful minimalist architecture , very classy , none of the gold gilded decor that be so common in asia . the room be spacious and immaculate , flat screen tv , rain shower , etc . the fitness room , small but adequate , nice overflow pool . speak of pool , it sit next to the terrace of their continental restaurant , therefore you provide the show for nightly diners . the restaurant in the hotel be pricey and really nothing special . the breakfast buffet be ok but i have see better for hong kong . recommend go to the mall across the street to find cheaper and better eats ,   cheaper

i decide to utilize my starwood point on my short trip to hk so i only have   choices . i choose le meridien as i have good experience with them in jakarta and kuala lumpur . it 's a small hotel it feel small anyway and the first impression be as the name imply , quite high tech . the first impression of the room be quite positive too ! modern , straight line everywhere , comfy bed . however things start to go wrong once you start 'using ' the place . first of , they charge a service charge of hkd   to bring room service ? ? then , wireless internet be free in the common area ! to use your laptop in the room , you have to pay ! then the taxi 's oh boy . the first few trip to central , we end up pay over hkd   a pop . it turn out we be be drive around for fun . by right , the trip should not cost more than hkd   oh well , it be not so much the money but the fact that it take a lot of time to run up the bill . the hotel be ok , but i constantly feel like they be try to make it the guest ' fault for not run a fuller ship . they even have a hkd   lucky draw in the lobby where you can win things    kinda desperate

my husband and i stay at le meridien cyberport from january   through the   the hotel be very nice , the food be excellent . the location be not for you if you want to tour central and kowloon . the hotel offer a shuttle to central for a fee and the ride be decent enough   but there be nothing like walk out of the hotel and be in the middle of things . there be a great small grocery store   block away and the bus station be also   block away which be great for go to stanley . but   if you want to spend most of your time around the harbour this be not convenient

in october   my wife and daughter join me in hong kong for a week in the territory . my wife have see the le meridien hotel on line and be curious about it . long story short we book a three night stay which we follow by a night stay in macao in a hyatt hotel there and again another two night in le meridien . the hotel be very nice

i stay at le meridien cyberport in november for four night with a friend . in general , i have only positive comment about the hotel

a very modern and smart hotel . rooms have great view over the sea to lamma island . nice pool . sauna etc and a pretty chill out place to relax . cyberport be n't the best location and be just another of hk 's many souless mall type space , but the hotel be great

i stay at the le meridien cyberport for part of my honeymoon . the room be very big and nice for a hong kong hotel . very modern and contemporary looking . they also upgrade me to the top floor ocean view room due to my starwood status . speak of starwood , if you have any point with them , you can stay there for     usd +   point or for   point per night . the only     downside    of the room be that it be slowly deteriorating . for example , the tile in the bathroom be turn slightly yellow brown

i stay here on holiday en route to oz use my spg point and it be a great experience . we get upgrade to the top floor and the service be first rate   especially the concierge

i be able to stay at the meridien twice within a   week timeframe

first off , the rooms be really interesting and different . clean , comfy bed , lots of space , huge shower and bathroom and cool amenities . the pool be a very warm lap pool with the water overflow the edge not sure if its an infinity pool but it be really beautiful . the air be fresh and you can see the ocean from the poolside lounge chairs . the restaraunt serve good food although the breakfast do not have a huge selection , yet good enough for me . as a woman travel alone , i feel pretty secure and the extra security lock on the room door be a bonus

the meridien cyberport be a great experience ! we stay there for   days and be not disappoint

i stay here because it be close to a friend 's place in aberdeen and the price be right . i have some concern about its location on the other side of the island , but the hotel shuttle be only hkd   and can take you to central in about   minutes . taxis be not that expensive and there be a bus terminal conveniently locate nearby as well

the rooms be quite nice but we have to have   with have   child , which make it very expensive . i would also agree that the pool area be quite small and crowded . it be not very relax to go for a swim as there be no bathrobes in the room so you have to go down to the change rooms to get change for a swim . the lady change room be way too small and overcrowded and i be worn out before i get in the pool

we stay for   night in the summer of   in a standard     smart room    . we be delight with the room and the facility and be comfortable right away . we look forward to relax in our room at the end of each day . the bathroom , with the fantastic rainforest shower , be great . the room be spacious , modern and definitely a lot nicer than the run of the mill mariotts and hiltons in canada i have previously stay at for similar price     hkd per night . the pool good size and fitness centre floor to ceiling glass overlook the ocean be neither too busy or too pretentious . the staff be friendly and helpful , but not overly intrusive

we hike the pokfulnam trail daily while we stay in hong kong a convenient place to stay be the cyberport hotel

oh boy , how we love this place ! definitely one of the best hotel i have ever stay at

we be very unhappy with our stay at le meridien cyberport , which start off a big disappointment as the front desk staff who check us in be cold , unfriendly and not helpful and make many mistakes . one would expect that the front desk staff would be more friendly and smile at their guest , but not at le meridien cyberport   they have no eye contact nor do not show any tooth ! ! their english be also not very good

stay for   night and i wish that i could stay more nights . the room be just awesome ! ! ! very high tech and everything be combination of glass ceiling to floor and stainless steel  very stylish and sleek look and baby crib that we request be make of very good quality wood and beautiful shape . our room overlook ocean partially . staff be friendly and courteous ! ! ! the only con be that it be too far away from kowloon but if you be visit repulse bay and surround area , not a bad choice to stay in this hotel

we just return from   night stay at le meridien cyberport . the hotel design be really modern , and we really enjoy the big space of the room . and we do n't have any problem with the location , since the hotel locate exactly next to bus terminal . just hop on to light bus no .   and it will bring you to the heart of causewaybay not far from sogo . and not to mention it 's much cheaper than take a shuttle bus provide by the hotel . overall , i would say le meridien cyberport it 's one of the best hotel that we have ever stay in hong

i enjoy   night at the meridien cyberport in january ,   the hotel design be very modern and interesting , and the room quality be outstanding . as other reviewer have note , the location be a bit out of the way , but be convenient for the event that i be attend at the adjacent convention center . there be a shuttle not complimentary at regular times to and from the city center . rooms be exceptionally comfortable , and breakfast buffet be above average . a meal at the dim sum restaurant at the hotel be also very good . service be average , staff could be better trained . there be also a shopping area adjacent to the hotel , but it be sparsely populate and generally dead

we stay at this hotel for a week at the end of september . i be travel with family . the picture that be post on the site be exactly what you see when you get there

have a great stay at this hotel   the rooms be really well turn out and the bathroom be out of this world

the service be excellent and the staff be very accomodating ! the room itself be modern and sleek , i feel like i have be launch forward in time . they provide shuttle service to and from the train station and metro so it 's not a problem get to places . this be a necessary service because the hotel be locate a bit out of the city center , but it overlook a beautiful bay so that 's a plus ! no complaint besides the distance factor

my wife and i stay at le meridien for one night courtesy of amex and my wife 's support of the local retailer i guess . we be australian but have live in hong kong for several years and have stay in many good hotel throughout asia , often for weekend breaks . our stay at le meridien cyberport rank up there with some of the most enjoyable

this hotel as describe before be trendy , techie , and comfortable

i â € ™ have enjoy my stay at the hip le meridien cyberport although service could be better

stay here over the new year . very modern and stylish decor and high quality furnishing in the room . the shower be glass wall to look out to the bedroom which be fun though with no door on the toilet it also mean you can look in from the bedroom which be a little disconcerting . breakfast buffet in the open kitchen be good . the staff be always eager to please but seem to lack experience . that and the longish trip in to town ,   to get to tsim tsa tsui by taxi , be the only negative though for what be a nice stay

le meridien be a nice hotel in the western side of hong kong island . this be the more remote part of the island , and hence you be   minutes by either taxi or minibus away from tourist center a taxi ride to central costs about hk     , or us     . if you be use to those hotel in tsim sha tsui or causeway bay where you be minutes away from tourist attraction , le meridien be not for you

i visit lemeridien cyberport on a business trip in oct   it have to be one of the best hotel i have stay in this year

overall an excellent   night stay . the room be spacious and well equip and i have nothing but praise for all of the friendly and professional staff

my second stay here and it be even better than the first . the place be much busier and really buzz now . i can thoroughly recommend all three restaurant for service and quality . there 's a chinese , a japanese and a buffet   style that do a la carte as well . what i like most be the friendly service   the staff remember your name and treat you like a person , not just another guest . try and book a sea view   it be great to wake up to

