travel to hong kong with my parent so that make   of us . this trip be the second leg of the journey after arrive from macau . the hotel be locate in a great location , not too far from the ferry terminal to macau and be locate in lan kwai fong , the nightlife centre of hk , the lobby of the hotel be crow even at night . we get a good deal on the room which be a stay of   night but pay for only   of the night and since it be low season during the chinese new year week , the price be reasonable

we want to stay in central on this trip so we book a room at the hotel lkf and we definitely make the right choice the hotel have an unassuming entrance right on the sidewalk level of wyndham street and you can easily miss it . once inside the lobby , you immediately feel you 're in the lap of luxury . it be a beautifully design contemporary space . the hotel be well run , friendly and secure . our room be spacious with comfortable furniture . the location be excellent and you can walk to the mtr central and the star ferry within   minutes . we will stay at this hotel again

great location , rooms     even service but only not worth     + tax would rather stay in mandarin for the same price

clean place , very central to pub and clubs . right near the city centre . staff be excellent   friendly and could n't do enough .

great hotel with attentive and friendly staff . stay with my partner and have a wonderful   bedroom suite on high floor with outstanding city views . bathroom be all marble with a big window and wet room . plus , incredible location in lkf neighborhood   near bars , monument and great restaurants . high end price   but totally worth it

although the hotel be rather small in comparison with the big chain hotel , lkf rooms be     big    in size   large lcd tv , comfy and large bed , lots of wardrobe space , big bathroom , big service ! the hotel be also in the heart of nightlife in hong kong . it be extremely close to the famous lan kwai fong club area and just   min walk from central mtr station ! the security at lkf be also good and the staff member be friendly and courteous

i will check out on october   after six night here , and the hotel be outstanding except for a key security and safety flaw

it be soooo , soooo cold but what to expect when it snow

rooms be excellent and very comfortable with great view of the city . the bathroom be also very large and modern . location be great as its close to many bars and clubs . stay on the   floor and never hear any noise from the street below . the staff be always very accommodate , and want to help you explore their city . they do not have a fitness center , but they do give you full access to a full size heath club  gym a few block away

postitve   room be very nice , as show on the info from the website , great partial harbourview , and excellent amenities

if you 're look for a   star boutique hotel experience in glamourous hong kong , take my advice and stay at hotel lkf . i have stay there   times   and now it 's extremely difficult to stay anywhere else in hk ! ideal location , stunning rooms , large bathroom , attention to detail at every turn   and great staff . consider the smaller size of many hotel in hk , this be a great choice . for about     hkd more compare to other hotel , you 'll get     more hotel

this be a hotel that serve well the purpose for business travel but not necessarily of a tourist mind couple

the cool modern rooms , the polite and considerate staff , and its fabulous location make hotel lkf party central

hk have be a stopover for me for years , now i only stay at one place , lkf hotel . the location can not be beat , good for shopping and access to tourist spots , convenient and comfortable walk to mall ifc or the shopping available down queens road . of course the dine and drink be speak for since its right above the famous lan kwai fong , short walk to soho also . not many hotel i have stay have such a happen restaurant bar , azure on top of hotel can not be beat , esp . weekends . need to book early as they fill often due to popularity , you will see why the lobby be full of award

my wife and i just get back from our first trip to china and we absolutely love the hotel lkf in hong kong . the location be perfect and it be easy to get everywhere . just a short walk to the central mtr station and only a few minutes walk to the peak tram . the hotel staff be outstanding and make sure we be comfortable during our stay . our room be fairly large and we be up high enough that we could see the harbor from the window . there be an espresso machine , well stocked mini bar , and a huge flat screen tv build into the wall . there be also a stereo , dvd player , and surround sound . the bathroom be gigantic and also have a big window over the sink so you could look out and see hong kong 's famous skyline

just get back from a   day stay at the hotel lkf , and must say that it be great . the rooms be large , with a large flat screen . it 's in the perfect location for dine and nite life . just off hollywood road , close to the mid levels , peak tram be only a   min walk away . you 'll definitely feel more local in this area than on the kowloon side . also , the smell on hong kong island be much less prevalent than on the kowloon side

yes it be in a great location and great for party but this time round , the   time , we be place on the   floor on the     lkf side    and it be noisy . if you get the   room then you wo n't get the noise from lkf . we have stay in a   room last year and it be so quiet and nice  we have a view of the governor 's mansion and we could actually see my father in law 's place from our room ! ! ! if you require a quiet room then spend more and get   room , drink all you want , sleep it off . ifyou do n't care then a   room be good . hotel all around be worth it but if i be to stay for longer than   days then i would move to a quieter place like lang kwai fong hotel in the same area . the bed hard and closet be smaller but it be quiet and in the same area , two block away actually

after try a number of hotel in hk it do n't get better than the lkf . the operator know exactly how to treat their guests . if you be early you do n't feel like you be put anyone of the front desk staff out . the location be perfect for business , shopping and restaurants . the rooms be very comfortable even though the shower do somewhat flood the bathroom floor . poor design rather than the hotel 's fault . the breakfast which be n't include in the rack rate be a bit expensive but very enjoyable and quite extensive all the same . the only thing that be a negative be that you have to pay for internet use in your room . that 's a tactic more associate with pay for drink on a no frill airline . i think the room rate should cover that . whilst the room rates be expensive compare to other hotel in hk i think anyone would be happy with their stay at the lkf

we stay in a standard room which be a really nice size , bathroom be fantastic . the staff be all really helpful     the view from the roof terrace     restaurant be fantastic . the restaurant     bar both get very busy of an evening so the lift be always full . i 'd read a review that mention noise , we do experience some noise but this hotel be in the heart of lkf with really busy bar 's     club and most people stand in the street   if you be look for a quite retreat do n't book here but if you want to stay slap bang in the middle of it hong kongs bustle nightlife i highly recommend hotel

close to everything as far as go out ! awesome hotel and the rooms be quite large for hk standard

great location ! great style ! great view in breakfast

beautiful well equip rooms , the best location in central hong kong and a wonderful staff . great bedding . truely a   star at a bargain price in central hong kong . please do n't bring your children . lan kwai fong be for adults . do n't miss azure on the   floor

fabulous hotel

i stay at this hotel for five night in october when i be in hong kong on a business trip . before the trip , i have look at the hotel website which make it seem like it be an okay hotel , but not particularly nice . but it be much better than expect

book one of their   sq . ft . rooms on the upper floor and love it . the room be more like a junior suite and you can even pull out a wall to seperate the sit area from the sleeping area . no problem with noise but i have a room on an upper floor and specifically request it not to be face the lkf side

i have over   years tavelling experience in hong kong and i have stay in different hotel in kowloon side and hong kong side , such as shangri la , conrad , jwm , four season , kowloon hotel and marco polo   i think hotel lkf be the best hotel and they can porivde the best service even better than four season hotel do

i have stay at the lkf a few times when on business . it try to be avant garde and sort of succeed

after stay at the hotel lkf , i ca n't quite figure out what market it be try to serve . on the one hand , it be expensive and try to be glamorous , but on the other , it fail on the basic check point of a good hotel , make it a sub par choice as a business hotel . the hotel remind me of an uber chic trendy restaurant that ache to be popular but that everyone know will be go in a few years

all lie !

be in hong kong in november of

i have be to hong kong many times but this visit decide to stay somewhere different . this relatively new boutique hotel be great and i would certainly stay here again

stay in   different rooms as be in out of hk over course of   days in april may . second stint be a suite , which cost almost as much as any luxury hotel room in hk . a suite it be n't , just a normal room with another half room bolt on with lots of empty dead space . there be no where to put my suitcase or unpack except against a wall mile from the dress area near the main door . the closet , on other side of the room be squash into the desk work area . despite this design flaw , someone do ensure there be   tv throughout the suite . as other people have mention , it can be very noisy   the suite be a corner room face wyndham street , so less noisy than the rooms face lkf . i have an early arrival and room not ready , so i have to pace throughout hk for a few hours in the morning not a big problem but a place to shower or get change would have be nice . similarly , when i depart for evening flight and want to change from sweaty clothes suit i be offer use of the staff loo , which require find someone to get a key    there be n't even a washroom in the lobby , let alone a change room . i hear   different customer complain that their fancy shower be leak water throughout the bathroom . my gripe be that i almost kill myself by crash into some silly glass partition in the middle of the bathroom . for these price , the hotel 's accommodation be inexcusible . oh , and the coffee be horrendous . it 's a great location and could be a great little hotel . i can not recommend it

i stay here for two night for a business trip on a colleague 's recommendation . for   hkd per night i be expect five star . this be my experience

we stay at the hotel lkf by rhombus in hong kong and absolutely love it ! the staff be fantastic and helpful , and the accommodation be spacious , spotless and really cool . the location be fantastic , centrally locate on wyndham street alongside all the happen restaurant , and the bar and club area of lang kwai fong which , by the way , do not disturb us in any way , it be very quiet ! the surround area , particularly hollywood rd , lyndhurst terrace and groovy soho be all within walk distance . so too be the more commercial central shopping area . i think it be the best launch pad to see hong kong island and what make this place tick , and will definitely be stay there again

we stay for new year     have the most fantastic dinner in the restaurant on the   floor it do cost over Â £   per person ! . the food be superb     be of great quality    

the lkf be very centrally locate close to entertainment , restaurant , shopping and everything else . about a   min walk distance from the central mtr station

first of all , we ca n't expect a better location . lkf be simply locate in the heart of the very attractive and busy hong kong life , close for shopping in the luxurious central area and close to the nightlife and cool bars and restaurant and it 's a fabulous advantage

a real struggle to get there as we haul our luggage up a seemingly endless set of steps wyndham street to get to the back entrance of the hotel . be aware that another road to the front entrance   d aguilar street   run parallel to wyndham be flat

stay in the lkf this summer during a stopover in hk after a friend give her recommendation . have to say that it be well deserved . location for anyone with even a pass interest in hk nightlife be nigh on unbeatable   it be locate right smack inside lan kwai fong , hk 's bar club restaurant district . there 's even a lift which take you straight from the hotel to the drinking hole   and vice versa so that even the most inebriate will make it back in one piece ! shopping in central and the subway station be a   minute walk away . soho   another drinking eating neighbourhood   be literally a short walk down the road

nice modern hotel in a good location in hk not far to walk to ferry mtr . staff be very helpful and friendly . azure restaurant be excellent , i recommend to reserve a table prior to arrival it get book up in advance as a popular place to be see and its not very big the room itself be quiet with not much road noise on the   floor great view from the bathroom although the shower seem to be design over function as more water go over the edge of the bath than on you ! nice coffee machine and big tv   breakfast be fine and not as expensive as other hotel i have stay at . overall i would recommend this hotel as a good place to stay for business or leisure , especially if you get a good room rate  you cant go wrong in my opinion , enjoy

first time in hk for biz . stay in hotel lkf . all be well as it come with a price tag . the room be great , the bedsheet be the real stuff . staff be quite fluent in english . the only complaint be about the breakfast . i have stay there for   days and they do n't change their buffet menu at all . the breakfast spread be n't big . it do n't really matter as i am not a big eater . but at least they could change the menu and offer some variety to the menu

absolutely perfect . excellent location and i can not emphasize this enough , spacious comfortable rooms , helpful staff . i can not think of anything bad to say about this hotel . i would not stay anywhere else

have spend hours hunting the website for a good place to stay in hk , it seem the only decent place in central be riotously expensive

hotel lkf be locate in the lang kwai fong entertainment district . the hotel be quite trendy with comfortable rooms . i be really impress with the size of the flat screen tv provide in the room that i stay at

brand new and it shows . minimalist decor very , very nice for those who like this style

situate right in the center of lan kwai fong , the location be terrific if you want to be in the center of the nightlife of hk . however , the hotel be just ok . i have stay several times and each experience like each room be different . room   be a nice room ,   be just so so and if you get one of the end rooms you will be take a shower right in front of a glass window expose to some of the surround office building it 's an odd feeling for me . check in and check out can try your patience and check in be after   pm . if you show up at       pm be prepare to wait for your room . still , the staff be friendly , the rooms be well decorate and comfortable . try to get a high floor room as the noise below especially friday night can be bothersome . but , for hk     us     and the location ca n't be beat . be aware there be no fitness center or pool . i will stay here again because of the price and location

stay six night and have a great time hotel staff be excellent . room be spacious and two queen bed be so comfortable location be just perfect , everything within walk distance will stay at this hotel whenever i be in hk and would recommend it without hesitation

trully an amazing hotel and superb staff . we go to the hotel lkf by mistake , only after sweet receptionist inform that we be book in wrong hotel . only then we realize that the hotel room book by our friend be some where out of place

second time stay at the lkf . first time shortly after they open last year be fine reasonable size room ok service etc

after look through trip advisor , we decide on hotel lkf . it be my first time in hk but my partner who have be before want to stay where the action was . the taxi bring us to the back entrance and i be a bit wary but once we get to the lobby , i feel much better . dexter who work at reception be so polite as be all the staff at the hotel . he take us up to our room , which i notice have be upgrade and show us how to work all the wonderful gadget that you would not even find in a   star hotel . we stay on level   which be the lowest floor where the rooms be located . the bed be one of the most comfortable hotel bed i have sleep in . i barely notice the noise come from all the bars downstairs . i would recommend this hotel to all my friend even though it do not have a pool or gym , as the amenities in the room make up for that

have my absolute worst hotel experience ever when i be stay in lkf hotel over last new year  and i do travel a lot within asia so i can compare

have stay in all the good   star and not so good hotel in hong kong over the last   years i have to say that hotel lkf be a lovely surprise . the room be exceptionally large for a hong kong hotel , and have two queen size bed , which be heaven to sleep in , cute couch and table,large plasma and dvd player . we be on one of the higher floor   th i think and our room overlook lan kwai fong and the city skyline . i be originally wonder whether it would be noisy because of its locality but even though we be there over thursday , friday,saturday and sunday we do not hear anything in our room so after read the other review re the noise perhaps it would be wise to ask for the higher rooms . the bathroom be huge with bulgari toiletry , and the only quibble we have be that the shower design create a water build up and flow onto the bathroom floor . we love the location as wyndham st have become a major foodie dream , as well as a great area to see art . most of the major attraction on hk island be within walk distance or a quick bus ride from the hotel i e hollywood rd , the escalator , soho , the lanes,the peak tram ect ect . it take us a day or two to realise that there be a minibus stop outside the hotel which drop you outside shanghai tang in central and other destination , we have be walk everywhere . the other thing we not realise be that there be an extra lift that spill you out onto lan kwai fong , and this be a considerable shortcut to many place include cat st and hollywood rd , we have be walk down wyndham st , everytime we leave the hotel ! ! ! ! i probably would not recommend this hotel to the not so sprightly as it be on a hill and wyndham st have many little set of steps . i would recommend this hotel to those who enjoy restaurant , nightlife and socialise the best place in the world to meet local , other traveller and expat be in lan kwai fong art lovers . antique lover and of course shopper

we stay at the lkf hotel in late may   for one night as a stopover on our way to europe . we stay in a   sq meter superior room

i have stay here more than half a dozen times now after previously use the usual shang , conrad , marriott , mandarin and it 's the service that make this place . yes , it 's pretty funky and the rooms be very spacious with a great bathroom . no facility such as pool but you can walk pretty much anywhere for business or pleasure . arrive on my birthday to a cake and card and they remember just how i want the room each time . perfect for the business traveller who be tired of the big chains

ok  my overall experience be very good but with a couple of caveats .

