in this particular note , i would like to review the experience i have during my stay at hotel luk kwok in hong kong . it be my first visit to the city state hong kong sar . i have to travel to the nice country for official meeting purpose . i request our business counterpart in hong kong to suggest a good hotel     they suggest me to book a room for myself in this hotel as it be at walk distance from their office on hennessey road

i stay at this hotel as my partner be attend a conference in the nearby exhibition centre . although i have nothing negative to say about the hotel , i have to say that it do not exactly leave me with a lasting impression . the room be large and comfortable with a couple of nice feature , such as the non steaming mirror in the bathroom , and the electronic     do not disturb    sign . the breakfast be abundant with both eastern and western choices . on the downside , the daily charge for internet access be fairly high , and be only valid for one computer per room , in addition i do n't appreciate the over zealous housekeep service , particularly when try to get over my jetlag , who show little regard for the aforemention     do not disturb    signs . the fitness centre be very small with limited apparatus , and there be no sauna or swim pool . have say that , the location on hong kong island in the midst of the wan chai district be very handy for see many of the site

stay here for a week due to work . very efficient and professional front desk staff , they accomodated our impromptu request to add extra person in room with ease . chambermaid very nice and friendly . modern styled room , size just right for     big , ultra comfy twin bed   desk wide enough to work on   very large windows and flat screen tv , good selection of local and intl channels . food at the breakfast buffett have a slight selection  but personally i not like have too many to eat in the be anyway .

the luk kwok be a gret place to stay whilst in hong kong

be to hong kong on a number of occasions and stumble across it years ago at a convention . return to it ever since , because it be a heaven of peace and silence in this bustle city . excellent business facility which also handle special request like printing overnight of business cards . china visa be arranges through the concierge quickly , if you did'nt bring one . splendid nightlife at your doorstep and all major food chains within reach

we stay for a total of four night and be always so impress with every aspect of the hotel . first of all , the location be great because it be about   block from the mtr subway , in the middle of the wan chai district , be easy to get to grab a taxi , and have lots of bars and restaurant in the area . we take the airport express into town , then ride the mtr to the hotel so from airport to hotel it be less than an hour . also , my wife be able to go to take care of some work the the nearby central plaza which be next to the convention center

stay here for five week on a business trip . it 's a functional place , and the facility be minimal   a small gym , no pool , and an uninspiring bar . but as another reviewer write , who need a bar when you have wanchai right outside the door

i stay at the luk kwok for two week while i work out of central plaza . the hotel be conveniently locate near wan chai office building and the convention center . it take less than five minutes to walk to work . the wan chai mtr stop be very close , too

my mate and i stay here about   night in total

great location     great service

we attend a conference during a very peak time so rate be extremely high     hk be a special group rate . excellent view on the peak side and great location right on mtr wanchai station . service be excellent , room be clean and bright   no complaints . breakfast not very good but starbucks and other amenities right next door . lobby bar be lack in excitement but the excitement be literally outside the back door in wanchai

this be a good experience the first time i stay , i enjoy it very much . due to the short stay i could not make use of all the facility on offer but would believe they be fine like the room i live in . i do n't think it be a hotel for budget traveler since rate be rather on the higher side . yes , i know , there be an exhibition go on make accommodation more expensive but still . . all in all , i think i get good value for the money . it might well be that i will stay in your hotel next month

if you 're planning to visit hk , for bussines or pleasure , this hotel its a very good option for you to stay , they have excellent i mean excellent treatment from the staff to the guest

i stay here for a couple of days on a business trip

stay at the luk kwok hotel for   week from   may  

it 's a local business oriented hotel , in the heart of the legal and business office building nearby . the hotel be comfortable enough , although the mattress be too firm i later discover this to be the case throughout china , so we westerner must be spoil ! . the customer service be very pleasant and accommodate , with good english skills . another plus    they have dedicate non smoking rooms and their clientele do n't seem to smoke as much as the guest in many other hotel in china include in the elevator    ugh . the amenities be minimal no pool , restaurant under renovation , no coffee shop , broadband only available sometimes , but there 's so much nearby , that there 's little reason to stay in the hotel when you 're awake

