normally stay at the shag ri la but as we get a better deal via amex to stay at the mo we book harbour view rooms and couldnt have be happier . the view be fantastic and the building site not really a problem not lit up at night   and excellent insulation mean you cant hear it during the day

could not say enough good things about the mandarin . with my trip to hk be mix , both business and pleasure , the hotel be ideally located . i have usually stay at the conrad , but decide i need a change . the lobby be breathtaking and the service very attentive from the moment you arrive . i have a very large room which be impressive , especially the wet room with an amazing shower and tub . the bed be comfy and the choice of entertainment channels very good for asia

i can honestly say that our   night stay be perfect . i stay in hotel for business for approx   night a year and this beat any of those for service , for character , for the standard of food and general feeling of welcome and well being . it 's location by the star ferry and a short walk from the restaurant and bars be very convenient

my experience at the mandarin oriental hong kong hotel be nothing short of excellent . as a business traveler i find the hotel well locate to the financial district and the service in all manor be excellent . highly recommend this hotel

if you need to stay in hong kong and need to be centrally locate , the mandarin oriental hong kong be hands down your best choice . the rooms be pristine and no thought or money have be spare in address and provide for all of your needs . the service be exceptional   from arrival to departure the staff be attentive , responsive and consistently cater to your every whim . and if you need to host a meeting in hong kong , the conference service staff be experience and professional and the meeting rooms , food and beverage , and service be perfect . whatever your purpose may be   business or pleasure   i highly recommend this hotel for both

enjoy this hotel very much . staff be very friendly and helpful . accommodation be superb . would highly recommend this hotel

a colleague recommend the hotel . he be a frequent visitor before the hotel 's recent remodel . i be tell to expect exceptional service , and i be not disappointed . although i do not have a room with a view of the harbor , everything in the rooms be well appointed . i be meet my a manager and escort to my room . my bag arrive almost simultaneously

spend one night here in november and have stunning corner suite with awesome bathroom . facility be amazing and as a   * junkie i can say that there 's no better . service be amazing and every member of staff i encounter seem to pre empt any request . i could not recommend mohk more highly

a classic that be renovate to perfection . imho best hotel in hk

the moh hong kong be an excellent hotel with a perfect location for business or leasure on hong kong island . the rooms be very nicely redone and be sumptous and elegant . the hotel offer everything you could ask from a top hotel . the concierge service be very efficient . the main restaurant the grill and the chinese restaurant man wah be both excellent and stylish . the top floor bar be a bit boring but offer nice few and the more lively roof top bar sevva be just across the street in prince building . the spa have a wide range of technogym state of the art equipment and for man sauna and steam room . my wife be a bit disappoint that for woman there be no separate lounge area in the change rooms by the sauna

the rooms be very nice , a bit somber . i be exhaust after a long trip , and back at my room late . the turn down service have turn on the tv . what be annoy be that it be really hard to to find the remote control , which i discover the next day be in a very nice leather case . i try call the front desk but noone answer so just give up and go to sleep with the tv on . when i talk about this with my colleague , one of them also have the same problem . the service be good

i normally stay at the four season in hong kong . but they not have a room avaliable for me on this trip . so mandarin oriental it was . be hope that it be of the same standard as the four season and i wasnt disappointed . car ride in be a breeze , they have a staff member wait outside when i arrive who take me straight to the room for check in . rooms be a decent size and well appointed . the shower be massive and i love the two shower heads . service be impeccable . food option diverse and of high standards . location be great   be a short walk ~   min to the central mtr and about   min from lan kwai fong . plenty of shopping about also . the only downside versus the four season be that they not have that amazing pool   but i will definately be stay that the mo again

i think mandarin oriental have redefine a true   service

this be probably one of the best hotel ive stay in , service be incredible . lovely rooms with huge bed and gorgeous bathroom . nice touch that they leave biscuit or chocolate for you at night . wifi be charge which i think be unfair give price of hotel . breakfast in main restaurant very good excellent choice and again staff extremely attentive . great facility lovely pool and the most amazing gym . restaurant also great with some lovely views . bar on top floor be a great place to chill out even whilst work at night . bar on ground floor by reception also have great live music at night . if i be here on business again i would definately not look anywhere else . great location very close to underground and not a far walk from soho via escalators . one word or caution do not use the telephone in room   charge to uk be around extortionate about Â £   + per minute ! ! get a phone card from the underground

beautiful view , amazing service , terrific interior . would happily stay here again when i go back . the tea service when you arrive set the tone for my stay

you can not fault the mandarin oriental hong kong for excellent service , brilliant rooms , exquisite food , wonderful staff and a great location . for someone who have travel the world and stay in many different hotel there be nothing and i repeat nothing that compare with the mandarin oriental hong kong   as they say in their ad     i be a fan    !

the staff be well train and hospitable . when things go wrong with the interent connection they try their best then call in the it specialist . within   minutes all be fix and be give extra time ot work on the interent . every experience i have with them problem solve be extrememly good

no need to go on and on about the service , which be as good as everyone say

stop over in hong kong for a few days and hit lucky with this hotel . the hotel be a little smaller than the normal large chain hotel so it we have receive a very peronalised service everywhere we have go in the hotel   go to the bar twice and they know my name ! the spec of the rooms be also very good   certainly impress the wife ! the hotel be in central so in a very good location   thoroughly recommend it

as a local i use the mo hk for business and social meeting all the time and have receive an exceptional service over a number of years especially in the clipper lounge , and by the manager billy

the rooms be great and the location really convenient but the service you experience from be pick up at the airport to checking out be the best i have ever come across . heartily recommend to everyone

with a number of outstanding hotel in hk to choose from , the mandarin certainly have some fierce competition , and i be also a big fan of the four season and the peninsula in kowloon , but on a business trip , for outstanding service , a fantastic location , and great facility , for me there be really only one choice . i have stay at dozens of hotel in asia over the years , but none consistently impress me like this one , and after the renovation of the hotel a few years ago , the rooms be top notch

we have a recently refurbish harbour view room on the   floor   the foreshore regeneration site below cause no noise or light pollution

service and rooms be phenomenal at this hotel . if you do n't feel like venture far , the bars and restaurant be excellent too . location in central seem to make everywhere very easy to access . very sad to leave as i know next few hotel , no matter how good , will just feel inferior . fabulous hotel in a great city . we have a harbour view room on the   floor for   night

this be my fourth stay at the mandarin oriental in five years and the fourth since it be reopen follow refurbishment . it remain one of my favourite hotel to stay anywhere in the world and i find any excuse i can to go to hong kong so that i can stay there . there be great continuity of staff so that one recognises face as old friend when one returns the staff go out of their way to be helpful

we stay here for   night at the start of our honeymoon as a stop over on the way to bali . we be lucky enough to be upgrade to a suite , which be amazing . the hotel never fail to surprise us from the start to finish and be easily the best hotel i have ever stay in

very nice and large rooms , top of the class service , one of the very best hotel i have stay at

on this trip i stay for one night at the end of a swing through asia . its a great place to end a week on the road

from the moment i check in until the moment i check out , i have never experience anything quite like it

this be the first time i stay in mandarin oriental after its renovation and i be pleasantly surprise with the extensive luxury of the room , decor , amenities and most importantly the 'little ' personal touches . for example , i be travel with a fiction novel , and when i get back to the room , i find that the turn down service have insert a bookmark in my book , wow ! ! ! !

someone say this about the usp for a hotel   there be   most important criterion for a hotel and they be   location ,   location and   location ! ! thats true about mandarun oriental hotel in hong kong . its right in the middle of the cbd   with access to the central mtr station or the hong kong mtr station where one can check in for the airport in walk distance along with the central pier for the ferry be a stone 's throw away . not to mention the walk distance access to the famous lan kwa fong the most happen evening night spot

= = = stay     night at mandarin oriental , hong kong in may

where to start , where to start    airport i guess   ordered the meet and greet service from the hotel which be great , a personal attendant meet you just outside the walkway of the airplane and get you into a cart and zoom you to customs , then pick you up outside of custom get your bag and pass you on to the hotel attendant at the airport    my limo be n't ready but i have a quick espresso and they whisk me to the wait mercedes s class with driver and hat and all    very nice indeed   once you get in , you get a bottle of water and a cold cloth   very nice touch  

we stay at the mandarin oriental hotel along connaught rd last april   to   this be our second time at the mandarin oriental . the location be ideal , for business trip and shopping . landmark , a highend shopping mall with all name brand store you can imagine , be a minute walk behind the hotel . prada and louis vuitton be very near . the hotel be close to the shopping in queens rd central . also accessible to shopping in ifc mall

this hotel exceed in every department   service , food , location , rooms   the lot

from the moment the mercedes pick me up at the airport , the mandarin provide one of the best hotel experience ever

our first experience of an asian hotel . the room be wonderful and the 'captains bar ' be a great place to while away the evening . everything you would come to expect from a real   star hotel . we request a high floor room with a harbour view well recommend     binoculars include . great location on the island , very close to the ferry pier for kowloon and other place , some great restaurant close by . ca n't fault the staff as they be excellent

just a classic hotel , since the refurb the lobby and captain bar be pretty much the same as they have be for   years and i love this place

i be get back to my room , and i could hear the phone ringing inside . what be that       sir , you forgot your mobile phone in the bar , somebody bring it back to your room         'nough say

we stay at the mandarin oriental for two night   and   march on our way from perth to london we find the hotel to be in a good location but with a dissapointing view of the contruction site go ahead on the waterfront,this look like be there for several years our room be clean and well maintained,but we find the layout to enjoy the view frustrate

stay here for   night on our first visit to hong kong . the staff could not have be more helpful from those who meet us at the airport , through the check in staff do in the room not at the front desk , to the concierge and the restauraqnt staff .

the plane arrive at hong kong and right at the door of the   be a girl with our names on a board . yes . after all the problem in the world in the last few month i decide to treat ourselves to   night in the mandarin oriental and to have meet and greet service about Â £   each . what a way to arrive after a long journey . we give her our passport , she know all the right people and we waft past , all those queing for   minutes , and straight from the carousel to the merc to be greet with     would you like a cool towell , a newspaper or drink and what music do you like while i drive you the   minutes to your hotel ?  of course there be a charge but deduct the normal taxi fare and it be not that bad . everything in h .k . be expensive . at the hotel a tailcoated receptionist open the door and escort us  no card swiping  staight to our room where he explain all the special extra in their newly refurbish hotel . he glance at our passport and offer an extra   hours after check out time to make our next flight easier one feel that one be really be treat as a normal human being . the hotel be magnificent  even to free mull wine and mince pie in the lobby on a cold evening  a freeby enjoy by many passer by ! eat out be a hassle with book and return taxis and we find the hotel have everything from a michelin restaurant on the top floor to a snack bar with also the choice of an ' eat as much as you like ' buffet with oyster , langoustine , and even a sirloin be carve by the chef , and   other restaurants . we could find absolutely nothing to complain about . it surely be one of the world great hotels   we visit   of the other top hotels  we could not find a second choice . a really special , spoily stay  just what we need

an open letter to the mo . enjoy

you really can not find fault in the location , the rooms or the service . recommend the corner oriental suite for the space , and harbour view from the bath . do n't bother stay anywhere else

the hotel be excellent . the rooms , service and location be high quality . the location in central station area make it convenient for business and shopping

have grow up , over decade , with the mandarin 's colossal reputation , it be a bit daunting to book to actually stay there for the first time . would it live up to that reputation ? and would the much vaunted renovation live up to its hype

i spend   days and   night in the magnificent mandarin oriental hotel in hong kong . everything be perfect there   from my arrival at hong kong 's airport until my departure to paris   days later . limousine service with new mercedes car , large room with fantastic view , incredible service

i have stay at this hotel many times . it be great before the renovation complete in   and be even better since

this be a post nite after our azamara southeast asia cruise   the only glitch be check in and find out that amex have deny the     fine resort pkg    since i have book it so far in advance   with the patience of the front desk , it be finally resolve i am sure i could have get a cheaper rate if i not book it w amex . the room , the amenities and the staff be first rate . i use the services of the concierge , they be outstanding in obtain restaurant reservation and confirmation of my return flt home . we use their car service to the airport and be greet by staff member of the hotel at the airport to assist in unload our luggage and guide us to the check in counter , they do not leave until our boading pass be issued . now        where in the world do one receive such personalize srvice ? ? i forgot to also mention that dine in the hotel and even shopping at one of their fine store elicted the same consistent courteous service . although price at the high end , i would conclude to say     it be worth every penny    .

we stay at the mo over christmas   for the first leg of our honeymoon , and be blow away by the design , location and service in this hotel

i have a brief one night stay at the mandarin oriental some time back when the hotel just re opened after a massive   million renovation project that quite literally transform this classic hotel from tip to toe . the mandarin oriental be perhaps the second oldest hotel in hong kong , after the peninsula . back then , the hotel recruit new staff after prolong closure and there be some teethe problem , particularly in service . i choose to try the hotel again during a recent quick getaway vacation in hong kong

great room . great service . great experience

one of the nicest hotel we have stay in . service be excellent right from the time the doorman allow us out of the limo . this hotel have a really good     captain bar    off the lobby in the hotel my husband particularly enjoy his pint of guinness in the silver tankard   there be a real buzz in the place with many local business man drop in for a drink . lots of very upper class englishman seem to favour this bar ! we get an upgrade to the   floor which overlook the city and have view of the harbour   absolutely stunning and well worth the extra money . the bathroom be particularly nice and the bed be extremely comfy with nice bed linen . the hotel also boast a wonderful spa with swim pool   excellent . we dine in the chinese restaurant on the top floor and have a cocktail or two in their very stylish     m    bar before dinner . you can access all the designer shop from the skywalk and need never have to go outside ! great location right in the heart of everything . this hotel have be refurbish recently and be really worth a visit

my husband , who be hard to please , think this be possibly the best hotel he have ever stay in

we have book to stay for one week at the mandarin as a special holiday , a treat for our silver wed anniversary . have book with virgin holiday we have try to double check every detail , we arrive at hk airport and find no transfer vehicle , as allocate in virgin 's document , available and no answer from virgin 's office or emergency contact numbers . have empty all my pay as you go phone credit attempt to sort the situation out , we notice that the mandarin have a desk at the airport and they kindly arrange our transport free of charge . when we arrive at the hotel to finally check in , we find virgin have also not book our   night stay ! the hotel respond wonderfully , book us into a room and then take copy of all documentation so they could contact virgin direct . the next day we be advise that the situation have be resolve , we be upgrade to a harbour view room , the hotel staff move all our belongings ensure everything go in exactly the right location . the room be amazing , every detail be cater for   incredibly flexible light and multi media option , an amazing bathroom , room clean twice daily plus turn back service , fresh fruit , newspaper discreetly deliver into a special compartment to avoid disturbing us , comprehensive stationery and toiletry , even a box of lead to allow us to connect any appliance to the denon amplifier and tv connections . the service we receive be perfect , attentiive but not intimidate or ingratiate , no cue for tip , and a genuine warmth although i be certain we be far from the wealthiest or most influential guest present ! have have a far from auspicous start to our much long for holiday the mandarin do everything possible to make our stay enjoyable . buffet breakfast be wonderful , room service meal be good value and deliver and clear away with efficiency , the room be service and clean to an exemplory standard . our view across the light of the harbour be breathtaking . we will never forget this exhilarate and vibrant city and culture , and we will certainly never forget the standard of service and comfort that the mandarin provide

we go to the mandarin as the first stop of our honeymoon . we be upgrade to a harbour view room which be fantastic

stay for a few night in a harbour view premier room and it be definitely one of the best room i ever stay in

true to its oriental tradition , mandarin oriental 's service have be consistently exceptional . not only do they ensure that my stay be pleasant , they take note of every detail make my oriental experience a memorable one

the mandarin oriental hotel this be the original one and it recently in the last year complete a renovation   this be not the newer landmark center location two block away be flawless . from the moment the uniform agent meet me outside customs and whisk me away to the hotel in a large , new black mercedes sedan to check in to the remainder of my stay , it be perfect in every way . even though check in at   delay flight due to weather in china , the hotel staff be ready for me . the room be a harbor view room complete with binoculars to look across the harbor from central . hermes toiletry abound . the bath area be incredible , complete with soak tub and a full range of toiletry for all need nail , tooth , shave and much more . bed be very comfortable . very ample supply of free bottled water . state of the art flat screen tvs . very large in room safe . terry cloth and silk roabs as choice . slipper that actually fit large foot like mine . the health club on the   floor be amazing too . very large . nice facility overall . breakfast be include in my rate at their buffet on the mezzanine level be first rate . car service back to the airport be also flawless , except for a small wait for my pick up due to heavy traffic near the hotel . once at the airport , a uniform valet take me all through the process right up to security . very nice . i cant wait to go back

just stay at the hotel on a recent business trip and the hotel be one of the best city hotel i have stay in . i have a harbour view room on the   floor which be fantastic . the rooms have everything you can ask for , attention to detail be outstanding . the staff be very attentive and friendly . plenty of restaurant to choose from and a great location . i would recommend this hotel to anyone

stay for a few night in an oriental suite   the mo have a big reputation to live up to

one of the best hotel in the world , large , beautifully decorate rooms and a perfect service

this fabulous hotel have a major refurbishment recently and it look great . our harbour view room be compact but do have a great view , and be very well equipped . the legendary service be clearly still a very strong point in the hotel 's favour . the man wah restaurant , plus the adjacent m bar , be both excellent . there be trendier place to stay include the sister hotel the landmark oriental , but the original mo be still a very strong contender

a grand dame with tremendous character . this hotel exudes old world charm from its preserve lobby post upgrade to its clubby rooms to its niche watering hole captain bar , chinnery , and m bar each with a strong and history of hong kong

my fiance and i have just spend a blissful weekend at the older mo in hk , not the landmark i think people get a bit confused . it have just be do up and the service be absolutely impeccable although slightly border on over the top ! you have a towel on you the minute you get out of the pool and a bellboy on you the minute you get out of the lift but if you can appreciate how prestigious these job be for the local it be easier to swallow . we stay in   a harbour view room   you definitely need to be on the   floor or above to get this . the bed be uber comfortable . lovely touch like complimentary water everywhere and fresh fruit replace daily and in the gym spell attention to detail . the price in the spa be no worse than anywhere in central . for a chunk of old colonial hong kong , spoil yourself and enjoy the captain 's bar wasabi pea or a negroni in the stunning top floor m bar

my fiance     i stay here for   week in december , while renovation on our flat be be completed . we have live in hk for         yr , respectively ,     be loyal fan of the mandarin . we choose specifically to stay here instead of the four season because we love its character     old school charm   we 're also frequenter of its f    b outlets . however , after our stay , we could n't help but feel it 's miss the exceptional service it have pre renovations , which come from have staff who genuinely care about service     the hotel 's guests . while we still get this feeling from some staff , many other staff seem to be clueless that they be represent the legendary     mandarin service    . in fact , i think the mandarin london 's service now beats that of the mandarin hk

the mandarin oriental be in the unfortunate position of sit opposite what might be the best hotel in the world   the peninsula , but let 's not ignore the fact that this be still a first rate hotel well worth a visit

flee smog in thailand , we land exhaust and dishevel in hong kong , only to be whisk to the single most beautiful hotel i have ever seen . when canvas for hotel recommendation , many in my family go misty eyed , and say that i would be stupid to stay anywhere else . and yet , even they could not prepare me for the mandarin oriental

i have previously stay at the ritz carlton , but that be close a couple week back . so i decide to try the mandarin oriental , it 's about   block away from the ritz

i have pretty high expectation for this hotel , give the name , reputation , and price   unfortunately , i can â € ™ t say that they be quite met . the hotel be very clean and the staff be very accommodate , but the standard room be pretty small with only one sink in the bathroom . the closet be non functional for clothing , so the whole stay the clothes have to stay in the suitcase . there be a tv in the bathroom , but it be hang in such an inconvenient location that it â € ™ s absolutely useless . tv channels be limited although there be a lot of foreign channels , there be no movie channels besides hbo . movie on demand be available , but of course for a fee and so be the internet connection about     usd day . there be a business center on the   floor that have a few computer with internet , but that of course be also for a fee around     usd hour . the gym be small and have bike and treadmill as well as some weighs . everything in the hotel feel kind of small with not enough air and light especially the hallway and room due to the low ceiling . the hallway for example be very narrow and dark . the food in the hotel be pretty good , but again pretty expensive e .g . basic breakfast for two be a little over     hkd . overall , i feel that the hotel be very nice , but not as nice as it can be for the price pay

a really special hotel that have be beautifully renovate with great style and taste . the breakfast be particularly fantastic and the staff be extremely attentive and very professional . the hotel have a great pool area include steam rooms and herbal baths . the mandarin barber be a destination in itself as be the day spa . the restaurant be excellent

we reserve a room at the mandarin oriental through american express . we spend a lot of time planning this trip , and the mandarin oriental 's website show fabulous picture of the amazing harbour view from the luxury room we reserved . my husband and i be greatly look forward to our stay

outstanding standard of service at this high class hotel . great location in central   opposite the star ferry terminal and within walk distance of shopping mall and the peak tram

i just return from stay at this property while on a business trip . while one become use to outstanding service at any of the premier hotel in hong kong , the mandarin oriental have impress me as be the cream of the crop . i would normally stay at the ritz carlton , but with its imminent close as of jan   , i opt to stay at the refurbish mandarin . the rooms and particularly the outstanding service and attention to detail customer satisfaction be above reproach

stay here on business for a couple of week

stay at the mandarin for a couple of night in mid december and then back again for the period over christmas , with young family

stay on a business trip and can not fault the hotel . good business facility , well staff and someone with a smile at every corner you turn

i have stay at this hotel several times before , and be always impress by its impeccable service the location be first rate , and its easy to walk to ifc , prince 's building , landmark . many international office be locate here , which make this hotel an excellent choice for business travellers . the spa and gym be also first rate

i have to go to hk for a friday meeting so i take my wife along on thursday evening , make it a long weekend from shanghai . the last time we stay together in hk it be at the island shangri la , above the pacific marina area but this time i book the mo as it be locate near the office at exchange place . we arrive around   and i have arrange for an airport pickup . from there , we arrive at the hotel and be meet by a young lady who take us up and check us into the hotel in our room . i have book the cheapest room , not harbor view , but it be as requested . high floor , away from the lift and extremely quiet . the downstairs bar have a live band and be lively as it be pre xmas time . the m bar at the top be also jump so we elect to have a drink at the bar by the restaurant on the mezz level . if i have one complaint about the hotel it be the bars be fairly small give the number of rooms in the hotel

i be still try to work out why this hotel be as low as it be on trip advisor ? base on the review i have read i book this hotel because it have be recently refurbish , we be not disappointed . i have book a deluxe harbour view room but on arrival we be upgrade to a suite with a side harbour view . we could not believe our luck with the luxuary of the room . three tv 's , wonderful shower , his     hers wash area , huge free stand bath , mood light     cozy lounge . we do n't bother eat in the hotel as there be many eat place just a short walk away

i stay in a harbour view room for   night in december . the view be not brilliant to be honest as i be only on the   floor , so its not really worth pay extra if you be go to be on one of the lower floor

stay as part of a business trip

i stay at the sister property , the exclesior in hong kong as we always do on business , but take my spa treatements at the mandarian oriental    what a treat ! the new spa be beautiful and the attendant be very pleasant . it be worth the quick taxi ride for such an enjoyable escape from the urban press of humanity which have become hong kong . i highly recommend book your spa treatment as soon as you confirm your travel arrangement at this wonderful hotel

i stay at mo during my   days business trip to hong kong . this be my first stay with mo hk and it be a pleasant stay . all my request be meet by the hotel , e .g . high floor , king size bed , non smoking room . the service be very personalize too  the reception staff bring me directly to my hotel room for check in when most other hotel do otherwise . the room be very well keep too   everything in the room include the bathroom design be modern , tidy     clean . two things i do n't quite like though ,   the pillow be too too soft ,   the bed room light button be too complicate   there be about   button so i always end up press the wrong button for the wrong lights . nevertheless , all these issue be minor cos the service be excellent . once , i forgot to leave my breakfast selection menu outside my door and i only realize it the next morning , i call up the service staff on my request and i receive my breakfast in less than   minutes time ! i wil definitely stay again

the mandarin oriental in hong kong be an amazing hotel

return to hk after   years , i do n't bother to check out other hotel , as i remember the mo to be best in the   the hotel airport limo service , where you get spectacular view en route , make the transit seemless . we have book a suite at hkd   per night , and although it be on the   floor with fantastic view , it be smaller than we have expected . none the less , the hotel boast a complete renovation , which be apparent from the state of the art amenities include one tv in the bathroom , dvd     cd player , wi fi connection through to one of the most comfortable king bed we have sleep in . but no fruit basket on our arrival

i stay at the mo hong kong for   days this month . if it 's a hassle free arrival and transfer you require after a long flight then i 'd recommend the limo transfer . pre book with concierge as they get book up quickly   a porter meet you in the arrival hall , take care of your luggage , usher you directly to the limo and within   min traffic dependant you 're in your room , check in . upon arrival i be offer an upgrade to the oriental suite with panoramic view of victoria harbour and statue square   a superb room . the level of service be impeccable , the food both restaurant and room service be very good the best room service breakfast i have ever have , the bars lively , the spa do great massage and the gym , albeit on the small side , be equip with the very latest cardio machine and free weight section . ideally locate in central ,   min walk to soho and   min walk to the star ferry terminal . an oasis of calm nestle in central hk . i 'd recommend the mo hong kong to anyone

i stay here for a business trip for two days . its a pretty nice hotel , the spa be great and the gym be also nice . locate in a convenient location

go to hk for business and stay in the old wing of the mandarin for one night

i stay at the hk mandarin oriental for a week in august   originally plan for   night my travel plan change to   so i end up in two different rooms both premier

follow its multi million dollar refurbishment the mandarin oriental be a true jewel in hong kong â € ™ s list of great hotels . our room a 'premier room ' on their website be totally gorgeous . hotel staff be great and the facility first class

i have stay at the mandarin oriental twice since it re opened follow its closure and complete makeover in   it be back to top form in terms of service from the pleasant and ever helpful staff . the rooms be larger as the former balcony have be incorporate into the rooms , and be as one would expect very well appointed . part of the former balcony have be use to create a very nice work area . in terms of space the rooms now compare well with the ritz carlton , but those in the four season , a newly build property , be substantially larger

hong kong be not my kind of place . you either love it or hate it . i hate it . i have only visted twice in   years and on both occasions i stay at this hotel . the first visit be nothing to write home about but after the recent renovation , the rooms be very chic , almost sexy . i still find it annoy that they put guest in a smoker room without asking . and equally annoy that they give you a room with no view when in fact they have several with views . be they try not to impress you ? after ask for a non smoking room     one preferably with a view , i be give one . so what be they think at reception ? very silly . breakast also start very late   too late for business travellers . dinner be very pleasant in the chinese restaurant on the top floor    even with a step into the restaurant that have most patron trip on it . the staff make you aware of it , in which case why not light it accordingly and save your patron from embarrassment . the bar , also on the top floor , have superb views . not sure this be the best place to stay in hong kong , as i have not stay anywhere else but have say that it be without question a luxury hotel with   star service and few but silly fault

possibly the best hotel i have ever stay in   everything in the room ipod player , music system , tv , dvd , etc etc be state of the art , the bathroom 's incredible , the service be amazing , it 's lush , romantic , the new interior be divine   i love it . the lobby have come under criticism but hey , that 's the way it 's always be   learn to live with tradition . i recommend this hotel to anyone . oh and ps the mandarin grill be restaurant heaven

my husband and i stay at the mandarin oriental in hong kong for   night in feb this year . my husband be in hk for work and i tag along as i want to see the city . we choose the mo because it be just two building away from my husband 's office . i be initially unsure about the location as in most city the central business district do not offer much to a tourist . however , the mo be locate close to most of the happen area in hk , such as the victoria harbour , lkf , the escalator , the shopping mall , and best of all   numerous eat place

as i sit here overlook statue square and victoria harbour i can only wonder why this amazing hotel have such a lowly rating on the normally reliable tripadvisor site

i recently stay at the mo for five night on a combination of business and pleasure , and it really be super

have stay at   hotel in the last   days it take a lot to get me enthuse about a hotel at the moment but the mandarin oriental certainly did . i have a harbour view room for   night and the standard of the room and more importantly the standard of the service be exceptional . the gym and spa area be stunning also . it be the only hotel ive stay at over the last   month that i be keen to go and stay at again as soon as

my wife and i have just return from a week at the mandarin oriental in hong kong . this be our fifth visit to hk and our fifth stay at this hotel but the first since the renovations . one of the things we both like about the hotel be the balcony which provide excellent view , so when we hear that part of the modernisation include enclose the balcony to increase room size , we be interested to see what impact this would have on our impression of the hotel

from the most amazing bed to the most amazing view , this hotel be wonderful . have arrive at   from australia , we be able to check straight in without a problem

my first impression , walk into the lobby of the mandarin oriental three week after it re open follow its refurb , be     this be after they spend     ? ! ? !    

the   of september   be quite a historic day for hong kong , as the legendary mandarin oriental finally emerge from its nine month hibernation , top to toe   inside out , full scale renovation . i be stay at the landmark mandarin oriental a block away , and be in much enthusiasm to see how mo have turn out to be   and how it differ from the landmark mo now that they both be new and sport a contemporary image

the mandarin oriental in hong kong be a fantastic hotel . the service be second to none . we have a wonderful room , nice and spacious , and when they find out it be our honeymoon they give us a bottle of champagne and strawberry which be a lovely gesture

i stay at this hotel in march   on a business trip . it be desperately in need of its refurbishment

i love this place . there simply be no better location in hong kong , right in the heart of central , next to the star ferry . i have a harbor view room , and i really enjoy hang out on the hotel balcony , watch the ship in the harbor and the hubbub of the street below . the hotel lobby be constantly fill with interesting looking people at all times of day    a great place to people watch . yes , it 's an old hotel , and in many ways , it be show its age , but that 's in part why i like it so much . with all the shiny and glitzy new building and hotel go up in hong kong almost every day , this be one of the few place that still retain a sense of history and character . i stay here once before , several years ago , and as soon as i walk in this time , the memory from the previous stay flood back . the place have its own distinctive * smell * , and it 's a highly evocative one . it really be like stay with an old friend

the only good thing about the hotel be the location . otherwise , the decor be date , the room be so very tiny , the so call harbour view be laughable and if you have the city view which face the st george building , you can see exactly what people be do in their office and vice versa ! . service be good but no better than other   star hotel in hk . if you be come to hk for leisure , you be much better off in stay in the one of the   hotel in admiralty conrad , marriot and shangri la . if you be go for business and have to stay in central , the ritz will be better and check out the   when it open , which mean to have amazing view

