nice large room , but rather oddly lay out . very clean . have to pay for broad band access and it be much slower than the free wi fi my hotel in bangkok and camdia offerred

we spend   night in marco polo hotel . first question i agree via e mail be the view . i want to have a harbour view and i have it . it be really great   especially the symphony of lights    hotel be good , but nothing special    the room need

excellent hotel which i have stay in many times . centrally locate for star ferry and mtr with ocean city shopping mall connect to hotel , during mall open times

let me start off by say that the staff at this hotel be simply awesome , plenty of them and very helpful and the service they provide be fantastic . also let me say that the hotel be in an awesome location , right in the middle of the shopping district in tsim sha tsui and very easy to get around

the hotel be locate in tsim sha sui which be the heart of hongkong . i have book a normal deluxe room but because march be not overly crowd in hong kong they upgrade me for no extra price to the club room . the hotel be right next to the tsim sha sui shopping centre and you can enter the shopping centre from inside the hotel itself . rooms be excellent and staff very friendly . overall worth the money

room be rather average and small but cost me nearly   per night . my room be a little dirty and run down as well . but it be centrally locate at the shopping belt and be near to the train station . i expect better from a   star hotel

this be our first visit to hong kong   so after much research we decide to treat ourselves at the marco polo . we spend   night in a harbour view room on the   floor where we enjoy all the privilege of the continental club lounge   breakfast , afternoon tea , evening cocktail etc . have the same friendly staff greet us each day make the stay even more enjoyable , the staff be a great source of information on how the get around hk and place that might interest us . the view from our room be fantastic and the location of the hotel be excellent for get around hong kong use our octopus card . i would definitively recommend the continental club at the marco polo hotel worth every penny

we stay at a harbour view room with   adult and   kid in the room , with a baby cot . plenty of room and space . there be a walk in pantry where you can put your luggage too . wash area be separate from bathe area . friendly staff and great service . we be greet by each and every staff we pass , from the cleaning crew to the reception . upon reach the hotel , we be greet by the reception staff outside the hotel , welcome us . and when we come back from attraction with our arms full carry our two sleeping child , the staff automatically help us retrieve our key from the key drop counter , and press the lift for us etc . although rooms be not as new , they be still ok . not as bad as i imagine after reading several of the other review here   only complaint that it be a bit far from the nearest mtr entrance , as we have   toddler and   elderly with us . overall , a pleasant stay

it do n't cost that much extra and the service on the   floor be fantastic   personal access to the club lounge for breakfast , afternoon tea , evening cocktail etc . and the rooms be great , especially if you upgrade to a harbour view ! !

up front , let me say that our experience here entirely concern the     hotel within a hotel    operate on the top two floor with its own reception , staff , and club lounge where you take breakfast , coffee on demand , afternoon tea , and pre dinner drink and snack , serve impeccably by waiter in tails and all of excellent quality . the room be excellent too , but for a hotel so close to the harbour water view be restrict by another tall block . we have stay in this hotel three times and it would be an automatic choice for us on future visits . its situate about three minutes walk from the star ferry terminal in kowloon , right next to a huge shopping complex , and about five mintes from the elevate walkway that offer great view of the harbour and skyline . for us , an ideal location

outstanding frontdesk helpfull and friendly fix new businesscard deliverd to the door in   hours , amazing,helping out with book on other hotel , guide in town , shuttlebus to the fair free , and airport   free surfingwifi on internet on   floor businesscenter , i take a taxi to trainstation to get to canton very

the marco polo hong kong be situate on kowloon 's most southern tip in the tsar sim tsui district . be be about   from the star ferry terminal and close to tst underground station . if you be want a hotel that be in the heart of kowloon then this be just for you

i stay in this hotel for   night for a business trip , and overall be very satisfy with the stay

if you need to stay in tsim sha tsui the marco polo be a good choice . a button down business hotel , it do n't offer too many amenities but it efficiently cover all the bases . you be probably go to stay there for the location anyway so if you do n't expect too much you will be more than satisfied . despite a fancy lobby that greets you on arrival this be not a luxurious hotel , but its centralize location be hard to beat . you be right at all the tst shopping plus mtr subway and ferry be within easy walk distance . the view be great if you get a harbor room . the rooms be fine   again , nothing special but clean and comfortable . service be efficient if a little cool , but hey it 's a mid range downtown business hotel , what do you expect ? there 's a decent size for hong kong outdoor pool on the   floor which be nice for a dip or a few lap if it 's sunny . one major and inexplicable drawback   no in room wifi and   hk dollar per hour per hour ! for internet . in a business hotel ? be you kid me ? there 's a starbuck across the street

stay here for two nights . good location , very close to star ferry , nathan road shopping . the hotel be adequate and the rooms clean . a very busy hotel

i have stay with this hotel many times and i could say that this hotel be one of the best in tsim tsa tsui area , kowloon , hong kong . tsim tsa tsui be the friendliest area in hong kong for tourist since this be the most modern area in hong kong . the hotel be connect to one of the biggest shopping center in hong kong   the harbour city . it have also great view since the hotel be face the hong kong harbour . many restaurant be also very near the hotel . rooms be one of the biggest in tsim tsa tsui area . marco polo hong kong hotel be the highest in class among all the marco polo chain of hotel in hong kong gateway     prince be the othe   . i have also try the   marco polo hotel but , the marco polo hong kong hotel be the best among the   there be only   hotel that i have stay before which i would recommend in hong kong   sheraton hotel , the peninsula and this hotel   the marco polo hong kong hotel

we arrange for the hotel shuttle to pick us up at the airport . the cost be     and it be a charter bus that pick up guest from other hotels . when we arrive at the hotel , the bell people greet us and check our bag in . check in do not take long and everyone at the front desk speak english

we can not speak highly enough of the marco polo . we love our   day stay . the continental club be definately worth every cent . the staff especially roy and noel be wonderful and winnie need to be congratulate for her wonderful management of the club floor . our room be great , we have a corner room with dress room and lounge . it be spotless

great view , great

i have stay at marco polo over the past   years and be planning on stay at this hotel again this year . i almost change my mind after read the negative review on tripadvisor .com . to summarize the negative comment from reviewer   smelly , not clean , and dated . i decide to trust my prior experience and be very glad i do ! we have three rooms for my family and father . the service be outstanding from the beginning and throughout our stay . the rooms , although older , be very clean and in perfect working order . the bed be new , sheet crisp , pillow outstanding they even have a pillow menu for your choice , bathroom very clean , carpet very clean , and no smell whatsoever we be on a nonsmoking floor . the breakfast buffet be outstanding with a wide assortment of chinese food , include a cooking station for congee traditional rice soup for breakfast , dim sum , noodle and veggie   and western food , incuding an omlette egg bar , all the normal meat , great bake pastry and muffin and even fresh organic artisan wheat bread   and daily fresh fruits . we have eat there   days so far and each day have a slightly different menu to keep the variety go mostly different noodle dish and meat

definitely the place to stay . plush rooms , brilliant service , exquisite food . lovely hotel

this hotel be in a great location , right across the road from the harbor area and the ferry to hong kong island . you be a few steps away from see the nightly light show at       p .m . and within walk distance from kowloon park , shopping , the night market a bit of a walk to this , a huge indoor mall and the ferry to china . you be also right across the street from the public bus which take you to stanley market just ask the concierge what number it be . we do it and it be very easy . you be also a couple block from a subway stop , which be also very easy to use

take forever to get us into our room   just a nightmare   many other place that be far better than this . ta wo n't allow me to go further back than   , but this be base off of my experience in     i be only   , but it be an unpleasant enough experience to make a lasting impression  

hong kong at night from victoria be just breathtaking . especially when cloudy

i spend a week at this hotel for a business trip

we be travel as a family   adult and   child         . after spending two night at the hong kong disneyland hotel exceptional service , wonderful breakfast with character , free internet access , free shuttle service to disneyland every   min , beautiful interconnect rooms with ocean view we be very disappoint when we arrive at the marco polo hong kong hotel . when we book this hotel it offer free upgrade from a superior to a deluxe room   we have request interconnect rooms . however when we check in it be explain to us that the deluxe rooms do not have interconnect rooms . the best that they could do be offer us a family room connect to a deluxe room on the   floor   this be an additional       what could we do but agree they have you over a barrel . when we arrive at the room i feel like cry the room be old and it stunk like damp when you have water damage . a humidifier be work outside in the passage and we agree there be no way we be go to be able to breathe stay in these rooms for   nights . we go back down to reception and the guy behind the desk be not all that accomodating . we explain the situation and the best he could do be give us the original deluxe rooms   on the   floor but not interconnect   no additional charge . we agree , although not happy because it mean we would have to be split us but it have to be better than what we have just seen . can you believe we be go to have to pay for a room that be worse than the one we be originally go to get . although the rooms be much the same , there be not smell !   old tv and internet access you have to pay for . our rooms overlook the pool , not that inviting . the only good thing i could say about the hotel be its location and great buffet breakfast and dinners . would never stay here again

fantastic location for shopping and explore the city !

except for the breakfast , this hotel have nothing good to offer . i make a reservation use an online promotion that promise me a guarantee upgrade from a superior room . upon check in , i be tell i have be upgrade to a deluxe room . i do n't think much of it until i get into the room . this do not seem like an upgrade , so i check the rooms and it be actually a downgrade that i be given . i be so tired from my long flight that i do not bother take my luggage down and argue with them . but the honesty principle do not exist with this hotel . they even try to make me pay for the breakfast the next morning , and at time time i argue that breakfast be include in the package . the rooms be dirty , nothing modern about it , the bathroom be disgusting . all i can say be , never ever again

the hotel be very good

we be indulge ourselves with an around the world trip for my husband 's   birthday . we love the marco polo and hope to return in the near future . the room be very large with a small seperate sit area , even though we be not in a suit . lots of     freebie ' beyond the typical soap , shampoo , etc .   they have hair comb , nail file , q tips , sew kit , etc . and even a business desk with pen , pencil , sharpener , eraser , paper clip , stapler , and more . there be free fresh fruit and water . they also provide umbrella just do n't pack it up when you leave and flashlight in case power go out . the staff be very polite and friendly , even go above and beyond when we nearly miss our sunset cruise . the building be beautiful inside and out . the whole experience be wonderful

we stay at the marco polo hong kong on may   we arrive in the morning and check in . check in take us less than   minutes . the room be not ready , so we drop off our bag and take a taxi to disneyland

just return from   days at this hotel . it 's just what you would eexpect from a hotel that have be around for ages . clean , very convienent to star ferry and mtr be a few minutes walk away . just ignore the indian try to sell you a fake watch round the corner . service be good and professional . if go into shenzhen , make sure you get your visa before come to hk as the hotel will do it for you but will charge approx     hkd per person for   turn around

we have book in advance for a part of our honeymoon trip . the rooms not turn out as expect and be slightly shabiliy maintain

after stay at the the marco polo hong kong hotel for   night i be please to share our experience with you . travel with   young child we look for a spacious room in tst with swim pool . on the marco polo website we get a very nice rate with guarantee upgrade spring promotion to a   suite include breakfast . the room be very spacious , the walk in closet could house the cot the hotel provide largest cot we have ever see , could sleep our   year old ! . the room be in very good condition , hotel staff very helpful , great service by the housekeep department extra pillow and towel , prompt cleaning after you put out clean my room sign . tea and coffee make facility in room and minibar be mini fridge so you could store baby food . breakfast be very good even when stay for   days as we do , fresh , well stock and lots of option to choose from continental , english and chinese . the hotel be part of the harbour city shopping and restaurant complex . this give you great shopping shopping option from luxury good to great restaurant and supermarkets . also you could use the harbour city free wifi for your e mail checking as the hotel internet service be quite expensive the hotel have a back entrance with nice waterfront view that be a stone throw from the star ferry . here you have some useful store such as a   , watson drugstore and starbucks . the tst mtr station be a few minutes walk   depend on crowd on pavement and number of tailors copy watch people that you encounter . we our look forward to stay here again the child love the pool

hong kong make london look cheap , so it be no surprise that its upper middling hotel like this one cost a bomb . we have a two room suite , with a lovely huge bed for us and singles for the child

i love the lovely pillow menu an the enormous size of them they be confortable and relax to rest in the shopping district right below u cant get better

marco polo badly need to renovate these tired old rooms . we also stay at the new and less expensive butterfly on prat hotel also in tsim sau tsui which we both preferred and highly recommend ,especially for leisure travelers . i would not recommend this hotel as there be better values available in the same price range or even less . pro   great customer service , con   hard bed , old tired rooms , expensive relative to other available hotel in tsim sau tsui

the reason to stay at this hotel be its location in tsim sha tsui . it be steps away from the star ferry and waterfront , attach to a huge shopping complex , and an easy walk to the mtr . the rooms be well appoint , spacious , modern , and clean

i have stay at the club floor at the top of this hotel for   consecutive years . the service be generally good and friendly and the location be excellent . however , the rooms be get date and need refurbishment

i arrive at the hotel after book reading numerous review that be mediocre . you get what you pay for , but whoever say this be a five star resort be dream

the marco polo hong kong hotel boast a wonderful position , almost adjacent to the star ferry . we find the staff to be very helpful although there be always three of four 'observers ' on duty in the lobby eye everyone with a suspicious look ! over the years the lobby have be continually alter and now have very little character . we stay here purely for the view from the deluxe harbour rooms   and the view be pretty stunning , cover both the hong kong harbour and the cruise terminal just below the windows

in my six times of visit hong kong , marco polo gateway have be our hotel for five of those trips . i have never find anything negative about the hotel . the rooms be very spacious and the bed , very comfortable . housekeep be also thorough in cleaning the room and bathroom . all in all an amazing hotel . i do n't think my family and i will ever consider any hotel in hong kong

there be nothing about this hotel that do n't scream quality,except a very poor swiimming pool , otherwise  

pass through hong kong we decide to stay at the marco polo hong kong again and we be n't disappoint



the hotel staff be kind enough to guarantee non smoking connected room for us   however the hotel be not what we really need . the   room be so big that it have a separate wardrobe room but it have a very small bed . the sofa be so old we even ask a bed sheet to cover it since we do n't feel like sit on it . the connect room be quite small but okay , again the bed be small

i stay here mid november for   nights . i book for the standard room , however be give a free upgrade to a deluxe room on floor   with a partial view of the harbour . my room be big with twin bed push together . the mini bar be great â € “ it have everything except for wine but just go to a   for some wine , the bathroom be big â € “ have a bath with a shower over it . the carpet and furniture be be a bit worn â € “ but no big deal to me

everything about this hotel be of the highest quality

stay at the marco polo hotel for   night from november   to   for the first time . check in be quick and efficient however when i get to room no light be work and i call the reception . a person from housekeep arrive   minutes later with some light bulb and quickly realize that some more serious be wrong as it be all light which do not work . she mention the need to call an engineer after which i go down to the reception to change my room   not exactly what you want after a   hours trip from europe

i book directly via the hotel website . they have some good deal over there so be sure to look before you book from any place else . the location of the hotel be absolutely fantastic . it be connect to harbor city , which be one of the largest mall of hkg . i take the airport express from the airport to kowloon station . from there i take the complimentary shuttle bus   which drop you outside the hotel

we decide to upgrade to a harbour view suite which be a lovely large room on the   floor with a wonderful view of the harbour . however it be very expensive and you would have to sit in the room all day look at the view to get your money worth they know how to charge for the view !

we stay at this hotel for   days on our way back from oz . i can honestly say for price  location   quality this be by far the best hotel we have ever stay in . we be meet on arrival and take up to our room . we check in inside the room . our bag be take up for us . this be such a nice persinal touch . the rooms be v spacious not what we expect we have two adjoin rooms in the corner of the hotel with an internal door which be perfect for our family of five . the rooms be clean , comfortable and have cable tv . this hotel be part of a huge shopping complex call harbour city and have wonderful view of the bay . it be also next to star ferry terminal where we find the tourist info . it be serve from the airport by the mtr then a free hotel bus   i think but it be all well advertise on arrival

stay   in

my colleague and i stay   seperate rooms at marcopolo hong kong hotel on the night of   july   this hotel be reserve by our supplier as we have an early meeting next morning and their company be on the same compund with walk distance of the hotel . my stay be fine . the room be clean and breakfast be great . i do pay for the   rooms with my credit card with the total charge of hkd   there should not be a problem but i find out on my statement that there be another transaction of hkd   charge on my credit card on that same day in which i already pay for them because of direct debit . the hotel charge this amount and get authorization without have a signature on any sales slip . i email to the hotel   times but yet receive no response . i know it 's only hkd   but if it 's not only i that have this problem or the amount could be more . this hotel be nice if you just wan na shop at ocean terminal but it be considerbly far from mrt and other malls . the experience there be great but you could have better things with the same amount of money at another hotel

this be an excellent business hotel , centrally position on kowloon road near to     the action    on kowloon . lovely room on the colonial club floor . tastefully decorate room and bathroom with separate bath and walk in shower

i love the place ! i love the location , the service , the people , the price    everything ! if you 're a first timer in hong kong , you should definitely stay in marco polo gateway . it 's all worth it

stay for   night , july   on a business trip . be initially book into a single room , however , upon check in , the counter staff very kindly upgrade me into a deluxe room . counter staff be polite and efficient and porter readily store my luggage for a couple of hours as i arrive on an early flight

there be some works go on in the street when we stay there in may . but since we choose a habour view room , everything be great ! the room be spacious and fantastic view of the victoria harbour , especially in the evening when all the building be lighten up on hk island . we be on   floor . i believe if we choose a higher floor , the view must be even better

i stay only one night june   en route from china to los angeles . i book a superior room   usd on the hotel website and when i arrive i be upgrade to a deluxe room   huge room with substantial bathroom . marco polo hk be always clean and my best bet for stay where i feel safe and can shop and eat nearby at ocean center gateway shop and canton road . i have stay here on all my trip to asia and have not be disappointed . this time my room have a slight musty smell , but that seem to go away when the air conditioner be turn off   surprisingly , the room stay reasonably cool . my experience with the front desk be smooth as be the business office use of internet

my husband be just back from a   night stay in hong kong and have a wonderful holiday . we find the marco polo to be very accommodating . we select to stay in the club floor level and pay extra for a room with a view over the harbour i have to say it be well worth the extra money . the breakfast , afternoon tea and evening buffet and drink more than make up for the extra cost from the standard rooms and the standard maintain within the club lounge be excellent . i have to say this level be use more by business people or travel couple like ourselves , i am not convince it would have be a comfortable experience for children . the layout of the club level be very much old english with the oak panel wall , china cup and saucer , silver cutlery and white gloved waiter etc , if this be not for you then i would select elsewhere . i would agree the rooms be somewhat date but at the end of the day they have everything we could have want , be large by hong kong standard and more importantly the bed be very comfortable . i would definately return to this hotel . i would also point out the hotel be access via a shopping mall contain what would appear to be hundred of shop to suit all purse so if you like shopping you ca n't go wrong here

have have the marco polo recommend by   people we have high expectation for our   night stop over . we be disappoint

stay here for work in early may   have stay in various hotel around hk   think this be ok   mid range   great handy location for star ferry   tst and kowloon , and very big rooms   feel the hotel could do with a bit of tarting up   i think some rooms be substantially better than others , but all clean and comfy   also oblige   helpful

this hotel have a splendid location for shopaholics . the moment you step out from the hotel premise , row and row of retail outlet await you

the hotel be in a great location , less than   minutes to the ferry terminal , and two street from nathan road . it be join to a shopping centre with a real assortment of shops    very expensive designer boutique down to a supermarket and pharmacist ! the room be a generous size , but rather dated . the bathroom be huge , with the shower over the bath , a toilet and sink set in a vanity unit . there be a safety deposit box in the wardrobe at no charge . everthing be perfectly clean , and the maid replace the towel daily . we be on the front of the hotel overlook the street and i assume the room be triple glaze or soundproof as it be silent . we be room only , so can not comment on breakfats . the bar be very nice , on the ground floor with big windows look onto the street

have book the hotel marco polo hongkong mainly due to its location , we be slightly worry give some less than fabulous review on tripadvisor

the hotel be locate at the bottom end of canton rd . it be convenienty locate close to the star ferry and have a free shuttle bus pick up drop off point next door which take you to cowloon mtr   very useful if your planning to catch the express train to from the airport , cos there be no need to push luggage around the street to get to the closest mtr station . i personally love the convenience of the shuttle service particularly give we have to catch an early flight . first shutte service at       the room we stay in be spacious with a separate 'walk in robe ' room where we hang our clothing , store a suitcase and leave all our shopping . the minbar and safe be also in that room

there may be a better location for a hotel room in hong kong , but i doubt it . after read the tripadvisor review i book a harbour view room at the marco polo , and we be not disappointed . our room be huge   enormous king size bed , big bathroom , luggage   minibar in a separate little room , and more than enough room leave over for my   son to have a single bed in the main room

we stay for   night have stay at the metropark kowloon last time . the metropark be too far out of the action so we opt for location this time

we have just return from a fantastic holiday which start with a   night stay at the fabulous marco polo hong kong hotel , on kowloon

i simply can not fault this hotel . a really great location , in kowloon and adjacent to the huge harbour city shopping centre . very close to the star ferry which take you across to hong kong island . also it be in the heart of the vibrant and incredibly busy shopping area although i be there at the time of the chinese new year

we stay here on a   night stoppover from australia to london . the exec floor be decorate as an english gentleman 's club   all leather and polish wood   and we think that must have be the source of the smell ! not exactly nasty , but not exactly pleasant   the entire   and   floords of this hotel have a distinctive niff ! other than that the rooms be large and well appoint with nice bathroom that have plenty of towels . the exec lounge serve breakfast . light lunch , afternoon tea and cocktail and be a pleasant place to wait for your hotel transfer if you have a late night flight back to the uk . the most disappointing feature be the very limited harbour view if you have make a point of book a harbour view room or suite . you will have a good view into the cruise ship terminal with glimpse of the hong kong skyline from side windows   not exactly as advertise ! a reasonable hotel   but i 'd stay at the langham for the same money

we stay at marco polo hotel several times , but this be first time at room   , which be a deluxe suite

well , after stay in budget accommodation we splash out and plan to spend nye in luxury and let me tell you we be not disappoint

facade be inviting    great location . value ok but i 'd not stay again . i travel   mile a year  stay in tons of hotels . this not a repeat . room tired    bad bathroom caulk , tired bed , pillow , bedcover , carpet tatty   pass on it if you can

my family and i take a cousin from ny to visit hong kong just before the chinese new year from feb .   . i have initially want to be in the city in time to see the parade and firework , but friend have tell me that many business would be close on the date around the the actual new year feb .   this year and we 'd be stick there with no place to go but the hotel . i take their advice and it be well worth it

we stay here while on a business trip .   days in hon kong on our way into the mainland and   day on the way back to the states . the location of the hotel be great . easy access to shopping , business meeting and great area for go out . the breakfast buffet be only o .k . the rooms be terrible   they smell of mold . i change rooms twice and all the rooms smell the same . i check with my colleague and they have the same experience . the hotel be also pack with young people in town to have a party and the staff be n't incline to ask the drunkard run up and down the hall at   to be quiet . spend     more per night and get a better hotel

we be a group of eight travel together .   adult and   toddler   a   and     upon arrival at the     back entrance    of the hotel , we be greet by helpful bell service who take care of our bag right away and even assist us by hold the door for me as i be carry my sleeping daughter

nice hotel along canton road

have high expectation of this hotel be slightly disappointed . it 's not a deluxe hotel by any stretch of the imagination , it probably be in the   's . the hotel have be give a face lift with new soft furnishing , but the furniture and bathroom be still a little dated . harbour view rooms be worth the upgrade , although you do have to crane your neck for the bright light of hong kong island , i do have a good view of kowloon harbour though . the hotel be locate directly in the designer shopping district and just a   minute walk from the star ferry which apparently run every   minutes , it cost less than   to get across to the island . would i stay here again ? probably not , i would prefer to stay on the island itself and come across on the ferry to then look back at the island for the impressive skyline most impressive at night

i never regret we stay in this hotel it be fabulous . rooms and bathroom be big and it can easily accommodate a family of four . the location be conveniently locate in all shopping mall and restaurant definitely i will be come back . great hotel and highly recommend to all

basically , there 's nothing really extraordinary about this hotel , and i do not mean that in a bad way . it 's not a grand luxury hotel , but it 's really great , comfy and worth the money you pay for

not so well locate , and cabby will often drop you off at the wrong marco polo . staff very unhelpful

nice accomodations in good location on kowloon . large bathroom , too . river view be spectacular especially at night . near ferry to hong kong island , other destinations . room service prompt . front desk people be a bit indifferent , but could be helpful if press

i stay here for one week and decide to take a room on the club floor , level   , with a harbour view

me and my   yr old son stay in room     for six night in the first week of november  

we stay here on the first leg of our honeymoon in october . the room be nicely furnish and comfortable with a great view of the harbour , though there be a bit of a musty smell , but it be n't too bad . the staff be friendly and helpful and there be a very good selection for breakfast . this be a good standard hotel , but the best thing about it be the location , which be perfect . you be on kowloon , walkable to nathan road and the peninsula , a short taxi to the temple street night market and right by the star ferry terminal to go and explore hong kong island . this be the hotel 's real plus point

have be stay here for a few years . other then the excellent location this hotel have to offer , there be not much else . rooms need to be redone , especially the bathrooms . electrical plug do not accommodate north american or european plug , something that most modern hotel have now days . staff be also not up to par to most so call   or   star hotels . the large insect i find in my room finally make me realize that this be my last stay at this establishment . there be so many other choice in kowloon

we stay at this hotel for   night during sept . there be   of us ,   adult and   child and we be give rooms at the end of a corridoor which be enormous ! i think we may have be upgrade because they be like a small suite each , with a separate lounge area , bedroom , and dress room . one have a delightful harbour view , the other do n't , but to be honest we maybe look at the view once or twice

the marco polo be on kowloon   the mainland   overlook hong kong island and right on the waterfront . make sure you ask for a harbour view room because the view be absolutely spectacular . it 's also perfectly position right next to the star ferry terminal , so get across to hong kong take no time by ferry the only way to do the cross ! the hotel have all the amenities you 'd expect and our room be a good size , with plenty of storage and a functional if somewhat uninspiring bathroom the shower be over the bath and generous sink area which be outside the bathroom . but the bed be as hard as nail , so be warn ! we eat in the buffet restaurant for breakfast and dinner one evening   lots of choice and all of it delicious . the hotel also links directly into a vast shopping centre , so it 's dangerously easy to make and carry back your purchase

we stay at the marco polo hong kong for a week from   sept this year . the hotel be fine , nice     clean and the staff be ok . we 'd read some review about the staff and to be honest things do n't sound good but we do n't experience anything like that . we find them all to be pleasant enough

we spend   night at the marco polo prince enroute from ireland to australia . our room be a good size and comfortably accomodated   adult and   child

my husband and i stay there for   nights . the location be great . rooms be bigger than the other hotel we have stay but the bathroom need update . the services from the staff be unacceptable for the name and reputation that the hotel carried . the staff be racially discrimenated . they be actually nicer to foreigner white people than to their natives . when the staff be speak to chinese they rather reply in english . so we be force to speak english to them rather than in native tongue in order to get a better service . we find this pathetic . marco polo should train their staff better . the staff need to learn how to greet their guest and to put a smile on their faces . now be that very hard for a   star hotel

stay here on       aug   the check in be a long draw out annoy affair with a poor english speak unwelcoming receptionist . one of the main reason i book this hotel be because of the outdoor pool in the very hot and humid heat of the hong kong summer . i be annoy to find a discreet note in my room explain that the pool be close for renovation until   a poor decision by management   why not december , january etc ? rather annoy when you have   young kid keen to swim ! ! if i have know about this closure i would have cancelled . i be not notify unsurprisingly . when i ask the receptionist i be tell that i have could use an indoor pool in a local ymca ! . not what i expect for a suppose   star hotel . the room be not bad however the bathroom be tiny and in bad need of renovation . the only positive thing about this hotel be its superb location . i would not stay here again though , far better in hong kong

unfriendly front desk staff check in counter personnel very arrogant front liner . i only ask this guy name nathan if our room have a nice view , the answer i get be     do n't expect a nice view for this rate , superior room book with match very arrogant facial expression . he even start a confrontation when i react by the way she treat us my husband and i . i ca n't recommend this hotel . they even have this pin with     service with smile logo    but they the hotel staff do n't even practice it . beware of that arrogant guy name nathan . he ruin our   trip to hong kong . even though we report him to the duty manager johnny ng the manager do not do anything to discipline his staff . everytime we go out of the hotel during our stay in marco polo hong kong hotel this guy keep on watch us with his provocative eyes . we will never ever stay in that hotel again . very very poor in customer service

i always stay at the marco polo . how can you go wrong when it be beside lane crawford and cut through ocean terminal and the ferry boats . the rooms be clean and decent . they just refurbish but keep the height and spread of the rooms so you be not too claustrophobic . service be good and the front desk be quite accomodating . i get an upgrade and do not even have to ask for one . i have be to this hotel as a single traveller , with friend , and once with two kids . never have a problem with anything except for too much shopping

close to so many highlight in the city , but hotel be quite old . need a good renovation . i be picky when it come to bathroom and be n't entirely happy with it . the bedroom be ok . good for a short stay . the best thing about it be its location , but the hotel need a good make over

i have choose to stay at marco polo gateway as we want to stay at a hotel ideally near or within a mall . i be with my baby and my not too active parent so it be an excellent choice . we also want a hotel with big bed as there be   adult and one baby in our room and have previously stay at gateway before , i be confident that the bed be huge and the room be spacious think it be bigger than prince for the same price . base on previous review , i be fearful of get a bad room . well , our room be clean , do n't smell funny , have clean carpet room   . it have   queen bed and plenty of space for our luggage too . my only complaint be that there be no complementary bottled water and i find the bed too hard . i notice though that my parent ' room   have two double bed slightly smaller than ours so if combine , probably only   adult could fit comfortably . location be ideal   i get to shop and could easily bring down my buy item down to my room and then go out shopping again . meanwhile , my parent , hubby and baby could easily go back to our hotel rooms whenever they want to take a snooze . it be unbelievably hot in hong kong at least   degree c so stay inside an airconditioned mall during the day be a treat . the only con i can say be that the mall be more of an upscale one gucci , burberry , etc . so that mean you still have to go out into the street to get your giordanos , bossinis , etc . while there be other budget friendlier hotel in kowloon , gateway be ideal for large familes and those travel with kid

the location be the only thing they have go for them . the rooms be outdated . the pool and fitness center be closed . i have trouble get assistance at the concierge desk and the breakfast be horrible . it be only of the best locations . walk distance to the star ferry , shopping and a short cab ride to the night markets . more expensive than the rest of china but affordable . highly reccomend the city but not the hotel until it have be renovate

the marco polo hongkong hotel be about what you 'd expect for the price and hotel class , though in need of some renovation work . there be certainly nothing outstanding about it , but then there be nothing awful about it either

great place to stay with fantastic harbour view rooms ! the restaurant be lovely with a nice atmosphere . location be excellent close to star ferry and lots of shops . thoroughly enjoy my stay and will return without a doubt

the foyer of the hotel be luxurious but the rooms be tire and very dirty . carpet be the sort your foot stick to ! ! we be offer an upgrade at a price but as we be only here for a few night and be sightsee all day we do n't bother . location be however wonderful   walk distance of the star ferry and on top of the shops . there be a free shuttle bus from the kowloon station and on our journey to the airport we be able to check in our luggage at the station and then catch the train without lug our cases . hong kong be just great   a good start to our   month round the world trip

stay here   to the   of june . we receive an automatic harbour view room upgrade via our travel agent because we stay more than   night   to be exact . i read each and every one of the review already post re this hotel before confirm the booking . the hotel get mix review as you can see and there be some worry e .g . smelly rooms , unhelpful staff etc   but i have to say that our experience be very positive . we have a lovely large room   with a beautiful view . it be clean and very comfortable no smell at all . the bathroom and vanity area be very nice and yes there be sign of wear and tear but only minor and i do n't expect any hotel to refurb their rooms on an annual basis

i have just return from a   day stay at the marco polo hong kong hotel . if i ever return to hong kong i would definitely consider stay at this hotel again . the front entrance to the hotel be actually in a street like sloane street in chelsea as it be pack with designer shops . in fact it be right next door to louis vuitton . marco polo prince and gateway be also in the same street . the back entrance to the hotel which you get to by walk around the side of the lobby lounge bar actually lead you to a huge shopping mall , the harbour area , and the entrance to the famous star ferry . we actually use the back entrance to the hotel more than the front as it be a lot nicer to walk out and see the harbour than a busy main road . the hotel be also well place to see the nightly   harbour light show

i stay at the marco polo hongkong for   night in late march . after read some of the review on here after book it i be a little apprehensive however our experience be excellent . the location be second to none and the staff be very helpful . the rum bar in the lobby be excellent . they be just complete re furbishments of the pool area which mean that there be no gym facility but the pool be fine

this be our first trip to hong kong and we be stay at the marco polo hong kong because we have win three night in an auction . we extend our stay to   as i be sure you will agree it be a very long way to go just for   night we also take along our   year old daughter who share our room . i have nothing negative to say about this hotel . our trip be   class from start to finish . start with our journey from the airport in the hotel chaffeur drive merc , the offer of bottled water when we get into the car at the airport be a well receive gesture . the staff be wait for the car to arrive and from that point our luggage be take care of and be deliver to our room immediately . we be escort to our room which over look the harbour and as it be the chinese new year we have a fantastic view from our room of the fireworks . a nice touch be have the bed cover turn every evening , although a chocolate would have be nice . the tea , coffee and bottled water be replemished everyday,as be the tolietries . the location of this hotel sell it to us . i do n't know if we have a lovely room with a view because of the auction win but it make our   trip to hk very enjoyable , if i have a complaint it would be the cost and standard of the breakfast , at approx Â £   each i think it be expensive for a full english and although   night include the breakfast for the remain night we choose to have breakfast in the surround eatery i e mcdonalds starbucks and others in the mall . i would love to stay at this hotel again if we could guarantee the same standard of room as we have just have but i have an open mind read some of the other review but i can only speak as i find and therefore i if only recommend this hotel for nothing else it 's location location location it stand right next to the star ferry which go backwards and forwards to hong kong island and i suggest that when travel around hk you get yourself a octpus card which you be charge a fee for and like the oyster cards in london you put money on these cards but unlike london when you have finish if you have n't use all the money on the cards you will get a refund on these cards and you also get the initial fee return you can use the card on train bus and ferry and all of the transport around hk be cheap include the taxis . our trip end with the limo take us back to airport and have we have a very late flight back to london we able to stay in our room untill   which be close to the time we be be collect for the airport

at the first , i book the standard room through the asiabesthotel com but it be too small and have no space for the extra bed,so they say the extra bed be     but if we upgrade to the deluxe room be     more  night and it be include a extra bed so we did . we stay at a deluxe room   thru   with my parent and my   years old son . also on   the twin bed be not enough for   and half people . so we have to ask for the extra bed . the room definately need to be update , smell of the room like humid mold   but the location be very convienient and service of the hotel be helpful . all the furniture be very very old    but it doe n't mean antique everything we could bear but the smell of the room be quite bother whenever we come in . next time we will try other hotel , i do not want to recommend this hotel to anyone

i have stay here a few times , as this be where my parent stay when on business in hk . it 's a great hotel , right next to the star ferry in kowloon , and be hugely cheaper than its island counterparts . on my first visit to hk in   i stay in a hotel in north point , which be just too far away from central

this hotel be fine if you be just plan to spend little time in your room and head out to explore hong kong . its decor be not much to write home about and it be a faceless hotel locate in the middle of a shopping mall but very convenient for explore kowloon and the star ferry to hong kong island . the breakfast be great and staff friendly enough and very accommodate

my mum and i stay at the marco polo hk for   night and love it . we book through ba website for a good rate and be also upgrade to a harbour view deluxe room on check in , which be spacious with a pantry room to store luggage and clothes and to make drink , a big bathroom and a study area . the room have a beautiful view of hk island and be a really good spot for watch the       laser show and the star ferry come and go

we have just stay at the marco polo hotel hong kong the biggest one of the three marco polo in hong kong and be very disappointed . staff be rather cheeky with flippant comment , service very slow and we do not get the deluxe harbour view rooms we pay for and order ours overlook a noisy construction site

for a supposedly four star hotel that charge that much , we be a little disappoint for what we pay for

i be excite to go and stay at the marco polo hk hotel bec it 's supposedly better than gateway . whenever we go to hk , we stay at the marco polo gateway . we be happy with the rooms suite they give us before . when my husband contact the mphk to book   rooms for   , we be assure a free upgrade to a deluxe room . they give us a confirmation number and all

because of stay in the hotel for one week my travel agency have guarantee an upgrade to a suite . at checkin they give me a harbour room without any comment . never stay in a suite . so i realize the situation not till the last day . the management tell me that my room have the same value than a suite   which be not true . at the end i do n't have to pay for   breakfasts . not at all a real compensation

as other people have say the rooms really need to be refurbish but we be only there to sleep and it be fine for that . the bath shower leak so after every shower we have to lie towel on the floor but housekeep always provide new towel and everything clean every time we return to our room

we spend a total of   days in the marco polo hongkong break by a trip to beijing and it be excellent . our first   days be book into a standard suite which do not have a harbour view do n't really care as we see it every time we step outside but have a bedroom , lounge , desk area , dress room   tons of space for the   of us . it also allow my son to go to bed , and my husband and i could sit in the live room and have a few dink without disturbing him . a bonus if travel with young

aaaaahh ! very ugly room . but it have a very nice location

stay here       nov   nice , clean hotel . spacious room with nice view but may need to get at least   floor and above and of course face the harbour . connect to a large shopping centre . very convenient   near to mtr subway , near the harbour to hong kong island , near to shopping area ie nathan road etc

on arrival at   at night it be great to see how big the room be regular harbour view how clean it be and how efficiently it be designed . our first view of out of the window be spectactular even late at night . as the harbour be one of the many interesting place of the city it be wonderful to be able to look at it on awaken and day and night whenever we be in our room . the staff be very pleasent and very helpful especially the housekeep staff who respond to our request almost instantly

stay here as part of honeymoon . hotel be in a good location with a huge amount of shopping on your doorstep . have the atmosphere of a busy inner city hotel , gear up for the business traveller . however , we find no problem with the hotel during our stay

this be without doubt one of the worst experience we have ever have at a suppose world class hotel on arrival we discover they have somehow cancel our book in july although they have confirm with travel agent in november . we be tell to     go away    as they be full and we do n't have a reservation . they then demand that we pay for the night which of course we refuse and after much discussion they allow us to go to a room .   adult in a room not much bigger than a closet and only   single bed ! after we make several phone call back to australia and   hours later eventually the hotel admit we do in fact have a reservation and we could stay in the closet size room for the   day stay we have pay for . we of course refuse and demand the room we have pay for and finally have a real size room although not a harbour view as we be expecting . their website state the have queen size beds . they do n't they have   single bed and if you have   people you get a roll out for the   the rooms be tardy and dirty and the staff be all rude and grumpy . we have be advise we could move to a harbour view room for the last   days which we accepted . it be also dirty and dusty and the air con be broken . we have blast freeze cold air and it take   days to get a heater in the room . the bathroom leak so every shower flood the bathroom the toilet leak and the plug do n't work in the sink or the bath . they do n't seem to be bother and not willing to fix anything . we will not be stay here ever again and we would not recommend this hotel

stay at mphk in sep .   lady on a week of shopping and have fun . upgrade to a suite to give us more room but should have get a harbourview room . suite have outdated furniture and no view . great position   direct access from hotel into a great shopping centre . housekeep lady be a lot of fun , helpful and very pleasant . our biggest gripe be with the concierge porter staff . every day we come in with our shopping trolleys carts full to the brim     quite heavy . the staff all stand around     watch us struggle to open the door , struggle down the couple of steps , trundle thru the foyer     up the next couple fo steps . we only get service when we bang the cart down the steps and make that much noise that everyone , include the check in guest , turn to see what all the noise was . i think our next trip to hk we will try another hotel   pity as mphk be strongly recommend

great location , great staff , great breakfast , fabulous room   just an amazing place to stay and well price ! no problem at all

i can only endorse other review sugesting the hotel be in dire need of a makeover . the rooms be spacious enough , but they show sign of age . on arrival ther be a notice in the room apologize in advance for the noise they be go to make while they be do renovation

welcome to the most over airconditioned city in the world . the marco polo be no exception either . it 's a very beautiful hotel with a great buffet breakfast   very classy . it 's so close to the avenue of star and the ferry . you can access all the major attraction either by subway or by foot . shopping be also very close to the hotel as the lady market and the     local    market be nearby . i go to bridal alley and it be a zoo in there but lots of fun

we stay at the marco polo from   to     on check in we be extremely frustrate especially after travel such a long distance from the uk that they have allocate us a twin smoking room . we then enter into a rather protracted and tired conversation to try and obtain a double room as this be what have be book and it be our honeymoon ! and a non smoking room . at one point we be tell we would have to wait a further   hours to check in to get such a room we arrive at about   which be not particularly early but the reception desk then manage to find us a room . unfortunately the whole experience taint the start of our visit as we do n't really feel as if they be try to help us   if we have n't have push so hard for the room change i doubt we would have get anything out of them

my partner and i have just return from an amazing   night stay at the marco polo hong kong hotel . what can i say ? the hotel be wonderful , staff be helpful and accomodating but not in any way rude or intrusive . we be very aprehensive about stay at this hotel after read a mixture of review on trip advisor but rest assure none of it be true ! well not in our case anyway . we be upgrade to a suite on arrival copmplete with dress room lounge and office , our entire room service bill for the week be under Â £   which consider the amount of cocktail we drank at the bar and full english breakfast deliver to our room every day , we feel be pretty reasonable ! in fact we enjoy the marco polo so much we have just book another holiday there next march which we plan to combine with a week in beijing . china an amazing country and the marco polo hong kong hotel be the ice on the cake

priot to travel we have read a previous traveller review of the hotel and be really apprehensive about our stay . we arrive and be pleasantly surprise and impress by the hotel and the amenities . we have an executive suite which be spacious with a livingroom ,kitchen , dress room , large bedroom and spacious bathroom . the location of the hotel be exellent   close to the star ferry terminal   a walk through the gateway mall  a short distance from the mtr and if you take the elevator to the second floor and get off there for the mall   there be a great coffe shop for superb affordable breakfast . the room be clean and the bed and towel change daily the reception and concierge staff be friendly and helpful . we use the mtr to get around hong kong from visit the hong kong disney ,po lin monastery , causeway bay , temple street , lady market and victoria peak via the star ferry you name it we do it ! ! there be a fabulous outdoor chinese street outdoor eatery at temple street market which be no frill but the food be absolutely magnificent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! will we return to hong kong and stay at the marco pologateway ? the answer have to be yes ! !

just come back after   days in hong kong   stay at mphk . we be very nervous after reading some of the negative review but all i can think of be     where do these people stay ? ! !     we 'd be upgrade to a suite , breakfast include   fantastic because it be a good breakfast in a city where food be expensive ! hotel staff be great , our room be fabulous   we really appreciate the extra room

the last week of july   we stay for   night at the marco polo hong kong hotel in kowloon . because i be travel with my son i want to have a room , which be large enough for us to spread out but still reasonable in price . after review several option we choose a one bedroom suite at the marco polo hong kong hotel . our check in be very smooth and upon arrive at our suite find the view of an apartment building and a little bit of the pool courtyard . we be warn in advance the suite 's do not have much of a view so we new what to expect . what do they say in real estate ,     location , location , and location    ? this hotel have one of the best location in hong kong . it be locate in the core hub of kowloon right at the star ferry terminal . for those of you who need the western comforts do n't worry there be a starbucks ,   and a mcdonald 's in the next building . the hotel be show it 's age but still the rooms be very well kept . exceptionally clean and pleasantly decorated . the a c work very well almost two well . the only reason i do not give this visit an excellent rating occur when a problem develop in the a c and be not handle very well by the management . on our second morning when i awake , i notice the a c have leak overnight onto the desk in the parlor of the suite . it have ruin a number of document on the desk and get my digital camera wet . this be a steady drip not just a few drops . the manager on duty be summon along with the chief engineer and state they will fix the leak while we be out and if the camera be ruin offer to buy me a new one . thank goodness the camera be fine , so we go off on our venture and return around       pm . , to a clean up room and an a c that be not leaking . the third morning i be up early out work on my computer in the parlor when it start to rain on my computer and me . i quickly summon the front office manager and he say they think they have fix the problem but when i start to rain in my room something be very wrong . the fom state for the inconvenience they would like to move us up the club level this afternoon so when we return from sightsee please check in at the desk for your new key . he also say that they would move all or luggage and have it in the new suite . we quickly pack up and leave our shower stall and go out sightseeing . when we return around       pm , we be hand a key for a suite on the third floor . i explain to the desk manager that we be tell by the fom that we would be up grade to a suite on the club level . she say she do not know anything about that and we would have to take that option . i press her to contact the fom and after   minutes of back and forth they finally state that they do not have a suite on the club level but for one night we would have to sleep in a double double . the follow day they would move us to a suite up on that floor . we agree and be take to a very nice room with a view on the club level . the thing that really set me off be after we get settle in , my son and i go down to the lounge for some snack and a soda , only to be inform in front of everyone in the lounge , that because we be only upgrade to the club floor and that we do not pay for the club floor therefor , we do not have the privilege of use the lounge and ask us to leave . i find the action by management after we have be inconvenience and tell that we be be upgrade to the club floor and then to be embarrass and throw out of the lounge like we be second class citizen , to be so out of character for a first class hotel like the marco polo hong kong hotel . the follow afternoon be move to the same suite we have on a lower floor but this be on the club floor without the club floor amenities . that decision by the fom leave such a bad impression on us that the marco polo management team might want to rethink in the future what impact , an egg role and a can of soda would mean to their bottom line . i travel all over the world and i have never be treat like that

we stop at the marco polo gateway hong kong it be an excellent hotel very good service . everyone be very friendly and nothing be too much trouble . i would recommend the marco polo gateway not just for the hotel itself but fot the location it be ideal . we be on kowloon side and just have a short walk around the corner to get to the ferry to take us to hong kong . we both love this . everything we see and do in honk kong be really good . temple street market be my favourite for browse and lots of bargain to be had . we catch the ferry to lantau island to see the huge buddha the weather be awful but just as we be about to leave the sky clear what a memorable sight . my husband do not eat chinese food but we find the resteraunts cheap and the people more than helpful in explain the menus . everywhere be easy to get too we go to victoria peak on the tram this be another fabulous experience , we go late afternoon and then see all the light turn on in the harbour . we go for a week along way to go from the u k but i would recommend it to anyone . a fabulous place

just complete a   night stay   our   trip to hong kong in five years , all for leisure visit to our favorite city on the planet . this be our   stay at the marco polo hong kong . this time we book through pleasant holiday and receive a free suite upgrade plus daily breakfast for less than we would have pay for a standard room and no breakfast if we 'd book directly through the marco polo website

we stay   night at the marco polo hong kong hotel . my first impression of the hotel be that it be a little bit date and in need of a refurb and not quite as grand as it appear in the travel brochure . however , our room be very large with a sit room and a walk in wardrobe and be generally very comfortable

stay at the marco polo hong kong with my wife and daughter   june . have read quite a few review on the hotel from trip advisor before ask travel agent to book us in . never be to hong kong before and be use it as a stop over for trip to australia . hotel very clean and quite smart , set in the harbour plaza shopping mall which be enormous , staff be reasonably friendly and polite but a little bit rigid if you ask for anything outside the box . have previously email them prior to arrival so that extra bed could be put in our room for our   year old daughter , this have not be do which be annoy but we decide to upgrade the room to a harbour view    well worth it extra   hong kong dollar for the two night about Â £   but if you book for   night now you automatically get upgraded . room spacious bed very comfortable good bathroom and shower but aircon can get a little chilly at night . overall very good reasonably price great location and staff ameniable . gripps american resturant in hotel be good value great for kid staff excellent also dan ryans grill in plaza shopping mall staff superb food very good and price well . would go again

be in hongkong last march and we stay at the marco polo gateway and enjoy our stay there , there room and bathroom be big and spacious . as we plan our return and decide to stay at the marcopolo hongkong we think it would be much better as we pay more than we do our last stay and those that have stay there say that it be better . when we get there , the one checking us in wasnt as accomodating and be charge us more for a connect room which we originally booked . the rooms be much smaller than the one at gateway , we get duvet sheet at gateway where as wool blanket and thin worn out sheet at the hongkong hotel . i just expect that it would be nicer . next time i would just stay at the gateway

here on business + couple of days vacation tack on , staff be really helpful and friendly and the location be fantastic for shopping and the ferry over to hong kong island . i feel mean say this but the top floor   floor business suite sure smell peculiar , a musty dampness , maybe dry rot or something , that hit you the second you step out of the elevator . our room be not too bad but we be as far away from the lobby as you can get . a colleague have to change rooms as they be concern about get lung infection , their room you just could not have sleep in . maybe it depend what side of the hotel you be on , when i ask the staff about the smell they say it be from     high tea    . yeah , i not think so ! i would request a lower floor if travel soon , or have it verify that the problem have be fix

after a week long stay in a crappy hotel in taipei , mpg be heaven . the only problem we have be during check in . i be offer an earlier flight into hk and upon arrive mpg , i be tell that there be no available room yet . that i 'll have to wait about     hr before i can check in , which be fine since mpg be near mall , store , restaurant and   so to kill time i walk around the area

me and my family stay at marco polo gateway because we be tell that it 's one of the best in hong kong and so we decide to give it a try . we book   rooms and upon check in , be give only one room . the reception staff explain that the   room be be clean and would be available an hour later . it take them   hours to clean the room and they do not even make up for their inefficiency . on our second to the last day , we request for late checkout and they give us only until   ! we even have to point out that on our first day , we wait   hours for the second room , and so they extend until   the room be clean but it need renovating . i think the marco polo prince be a newer hotel , and just   building away

i stay in the marcopolo hongkong hotel in october   as part of a   week trip to hong kong , shenzhen and guangzhou . i can honestly say that the marcopolo be one of the serious highpoints of the trip . we stay in a harbour view room , but not on the club floor

this hotel be unbeatable when it come to location . it 's on the ground floor of a great mall and right in the middle of everything the minute you step out into the street . it 's about a   minute walk to the star ferry a great and inexpensive way to go to the other side of the harbor and to the nearest mtr subway station on nathan road . though it might not be as posh as the other newer hotel in the block , marco polo still have good rooms , clean , spacious , reasonably priced . the personal hotel safe be a big deal for me , it make me feel secure leave valuable in the room while i am out shopping . lots of good restaurants holes in the wall around the area good breakfast at maxim across the street . if you take the airport express to kowloon , a free shuttle will take you to the hotel and back

the good point    in a very convenient location in kowloon , very helpful staff

stay at the marco polo hong kong for   night in their harbour view room . everything be fantastic . the room be beautifully furnish and very clean . the bed be very comfortable to sleep on . room be service twice a day so it be always clean and tidy after a hard days sighseeing . room be also quite large in comparison to other hotels . the harbour view be beautiful at night , would highly recommend . service and staff be consistently courteous and speedy . location be also very handy , just around the corner from nathan rd and right on top of harbour city shopping centre and the star ferry . without doubt would stay at this hotel again . we be extremely happy with all aspect

we have be at this hotel before and we enjoy our stay last time . so we book again for   night in march . however , we do not receive a better service this time . first of all , we be give the smallest size of deluxe room after the staff report that the hotel be quite full . eventually , they do change to another bigger room for us after we ask another receptionist who be more polite than the first one . when we ask for an extra blanket and pillow , i never see the housekeeper who be so miserable and rude . my husband actually prepare the tip for her if she would smile a little and friendly enough . what a pity ! ! the room have a very musty odour and the bed be hard like a rock . i would say this be our last time to stay when you receive such a service at the hotel . we do stay other hotel in hong kong during our vacation and we do receive a better service

view recent posting with interest and some trepidation before our trip to hong kong it seem reviewer either hate the marco polo or love it . have visit hk many times and   * hotel be generally excellent . upon arrival at the marco polo reception state     we would like to upgrade you to harbour view room    result in breakfast include , duvet instead of blanket and obviously a harbour view . when we accept gratefully we be tell that this would cost hk     extra per night . i find this annoying . this be not upgrade , it be quite clearly salesmanship we decline and be allot two rooms we be a party of two marry couple on the   floor . when ask if these be affect by noise of building works she feign ignorance of any such noise

recently stay at this hotel for a family vacation . the lobby be nice and be a great introduction to the hotel . upon check in we be offer a room upgrade which include   free adult breakfast which we readily accepted . we be give a room on the   floor which provide a gorgeous view of the harbor as well as the skyline . the staff be very friendly and even turn down our bed while we be out . overall a nice experience and would stay there again

overall , i enjoy my stay the marco polo . as many reviewer have already state the location be terrific . it be central to all of kowloons shopping and sights , with easy access to the star ferry , and a bus to stanley that stop right outside . the lobby and common area have be renovate and everything look fresh and upbeat . i be give a room on the   floor . i believe it be one of the larger deluxe rooms , though i have book a superior room . it certainly be large enough and do n't smell too musty a common problem in hong kong . it be feeezing though , even after i turn off the a c and turn up the room temp . brrr . there be really no view from this property at all so do n't expect much . the concierge and staff be polite and helpful   breakfast be decent . if you can get a good rate here , i would give it a try , it be tons less     than the sheraton and other tsim sha tsui hotel , and it be certainly a pleasant stay

i will try and be as constructive as possible regard this review but obviously , these be my personal view and be therefore by nature , slightly biased   slightly

i stay here in late february for four nights . i book the least expensive room online , and at check in ask if they could upgrade , and be give a harbor view room on a high floor . the room be very large , which be not too common in hong kong , with plenty of space for luggage and a good desk for work , with high speed internet cable on the desk costs about     hours . the room be very clean and quiet , even though i see construction below . staff very responsive and professional . the location be excellent , with   shopping mall connect to the hotel , and a   minute walk to nathan road shopping . the subway be a   minute walk . the star ferry to hk island be next door . the gym be small but decent and there be a nice pool area . the breakfast buffet in the cafe be ok , but a bit pricey , but i actually prefer the starbucks around the corner . there be literally hundred of restaurant within a   minute walk

this be the most fantastic end to our oceania cruise singapore to hong kong . we,re a party of   lady celebrate   birthday , we stay   night at the continental floor of this hotel that i warmly reccommend . the harbour view room be big and comfy maybe the bathroom be a bit oldfashioned , but i adore the duck in the tub and the view be unforgettable   concierge and employee most attentives , and the continental lounge full breakfast , tea and soup , drink and hors d,oeuvres be more than enough so we could spend all our time shopping in the mall just some floor below   the star ferry to the island be   steps away and a lovely shop chinese arts and craft be round the corner . we get a fair rate for our fantastic room     plus tax and they allow a superlate checkout   which be a plus , as most plane back west leave at midnight

stay at this hotel for   night in january , as previously state in other review , the position be excellent . right next door to the star ferry terminal . and fabulous shoppping centre and market nearby . however at the back of the hotel be a huge building site which start at   with digger and other loud machinery . the site look like it will be go on for some time , it appear to be another hotel be built . it may be that if you have a room face the front of the hotel you wouldnt get the noise from the building site , but it be on a very busy main road . the rooms although spacious do smell fusty . even though the location be good , personally i 'd give this one a miss , there be plenty of hotel in hong kong

    not the hotel . we stay at the marco polo hong kong in a superior triple room share for   days in january   on the positive side the position of the hotel be outstanding . it be right next to star ferry , surround by a huge range of designer shop and connect to ocean terminal one of the largest shopping mall in hong kong . from the ocean terminal you have access to gateway arcade another amazing huge shopping complex . it be just a   minute walk to the mtr station tsim sha tsui and nathan road . unfortunately , i have to say that in all other respects it really be n't that great . the rooms be tire and shabby look and smell like a mix of musty dankness and furniture polish . the lampshade , picture , refreshment tray     mini bar place mat be very dusty and dirty and the overall room cleanliness be not good . i do n't think the room be vacuum properly once in   days . the room be cold and the air conditioning ineffective take hours to warm up slightly . the water hammer be so loud we think people be slam or bang on door until we work out what it was . the supply be stingy   one small soap for three people   we have to call housekeep to supply more . the staff be polite but not friendly . the food be mostly ordinary , serve luke warm and expensive although the lobby lounge set menu deal be good value and the staff there be noticeably more friendly and attentive . the wait for a lift can be quite long   bring a book . it be not a place i 'd recommend to the fastidious   although if you get a really good rate which we do and do n't plan to spend much time there the position alone might be worth the other problems . it have the potential to be a really good hotel   it just fall short on the details . i notice the people who have write good review be in harbour view rooms and suite so it sound like it be worth pay more to upgrade if you do stay there

i be a regular visitor to hk  approximately   per year   and on this trip i stay at the marco polo gateway . the gateway be one of three marco polo hotel locate on canton road . the location be great but the hotel be desperately in need of a refurbishment . i stay for   night on business and have to ask for a room change as the one allocate â € “   floor  have a bathroom too run down and old to be hygienic . i be move to a   floor room which be slightly better . there be no pool or gym in this hotel so you have to walk to the hong kong hotel if you want to use these facilities hotel staff be very oblige as in all the marco polo hotels . i would normally stay at the marco polo hong kong hotel which have be under renovation for the last few years . only marginally more expensive but much nicer rooms and right next to the star ferry

i stay at the marco polo hong kong hotel jan  

we stay in this hotel in december for three night , as a stop off on our way to australia . we love the location of it , right bang in the centre of kowloon , and a two minute walk to the star ferry

have stay at the marco polo gateway i be member of the tai pan club many times , it be evident that unless you book at the continental club on the very upper level of the hotel you can end up with less than satisfactory service , as well as less than good value for money . hong kong be very price competitive , with some of the finest hotel in the world , so it be not difficult to ensure that you get a good deal through negotitation . on the continental floor one get all sort of extra priveleges , although it do cost considerably more . the free break fast   drink and snack be well worth the extra cost

we book a room for   night use the hotel 's website . it be price   per nite for a harbour view room . we stay on the   floor

we stay here in december   at the end of a long holiday in nz . this be a stopover on the way home and we have book here on the recommendation in a holiday brochure that state this be   star plus

we stay here early in december and i expect better than it was . the hotel room be average with a pretty dull view at a building site across the road . the room be very cold even with the air condition turn to maximum . the heater in the air condition unit do not appear to be work and after   days of be freeze i be give an oil fill radiator after complaining . the staff be pleasant enough , but not friendly . the room be very noisy due to the traffic in the busy street below and the building site across the road , but the windows be only single glazed  i think double glaze would have keep the noise down . service be not excellent we leave our room one morning at       and leave the tag ask for the room to be make up and it be still not do at   housekeep then phone me to ask if they could service the room but could not tell me why it be not service during the day while we be out . i would definitely not stay here again in the future   for the price the hotel charge i expect much better

i usually stay at the excellent langham place when i work in hong kong , but it be full and the only hotel i could find with availability be this one . the lobby area be fine , but the rooms be very shabby     date and the hotel need to be remodelled . depite the date style , i do find the design of the room quite practical   i could store my travel bag at waist height instead of have to bend to get into it and there be plenty of cupboard space . internet connection in the room be fine . minibar be not very well stock   but if you go into the adjacent shopping mall the hotel be in the same building and to the top floor there be an excellent supermarket follow sign for citysuper , with large choice of international food and snacks . special mention go to the 'institutional ' bathroom , like something out of death row , but again if you look past the date style , everything work ok . i know that some say the tile be grotty   i 'd say the grout be just old as oppose to dirty ! i travel to this hotel with a scottish colleague who find it hilarious that the scottish theme tartan bar only have two choice of whisky   both of them very bog  standard ! give us a laugh anyway

we stay at the marco polo for   night we have two harbour rooms on the   floor . just the best view of hk . the hotel be old but the rooms be in fantastic condition our room be smallish but still comfortable our adult daughter do much better their room adjoin ours be huge even by aussie standard complete with lounge area and huge walk in

rooms be drab , dreary and constantly smell of mildew . location be ok but central district may have be a better place to stay

my wife and i stay here after   month backpack , and i must say , it be amazing

just get back from hk and have a brilliant time . stay at the mphk and i must say i be extremely impress with the hotel . situate near the star ferry pier and part of the harbour city complex it be the most convienient hotel for the hardcore shopperholic . harbour city be a huge shopping complex that join onto the gateway shopping arcade . seriously you not even have to leave the complex   everything you can imagine be in the complex . if ur a woman there be so many designer clothing boutique you seriously not have to go anywhere else . across the road be at least   other shopping arcade with some more designer clothing boutiques . check out lane crawford i think thats what its call , my memory be a bit vague its a huge department store with every designer label imaginable and it be right next door to the hotel you can actually enter from the foyer of the hotel

we stay in the marco polo for just   night , and could n't really fault it

set in the heart of bustle tst , right next to star ferry , this place be well locate and well appoint

great location with direct access to a fantastic shopping mall , easy walk to the star ferry and nathan rd in kowloon , easy walk to both the metro and the kcr urban rail

ive stay at marco polo prince   years ago   and i can say that this hotel be better than the prince . but not really by much   very average rooms , and it be locate between the other two marco polos . i assume marco polo hong kong be the best among the three

really good value for hk . i have stay in metropark and new world renaissance hotel before . of the three , marco polo hk be the best . really big rooms , great location , convenient for food lots of good restaurant in the mall as well as on canton road right cross the street , shopping and traveling . we have a small baby , so convenience be a must . service be nice . the only negative thing i have be the location of airport express bus stop not be right at the hotel

have have a hard time decide where to stay when i visit hong kong , i be advise by some friend who live there that the marco polo hong kong would be a safe bet ! boy where they conservative in their recomendation . check in be smooth and quick . i ask about upgrade and for a very nominal fee be offer the breakfast option include with the room . since i be with my teenage daughter we think it would be a great idea . when we arrive at our room we where extremely impress ! it be quite large and have the best bed i have experience , much better than any us hotel . everything be spotless and immaculate . any request be immediately honor with such speed and efficiency that i be truly spoiled . the next excellent surprise be the breakfast . it be a lavish buffet with different selection each day

we have a fantastic stay at this hotel on our honeymoon . the staff be friendly , the rooms , be modern , clean and near luxurious . the view from our room be stunning â € “ out over the busy harbour and over to hk island . the view alone really make our stay all the more special . we only stay here for four night but love every minute of it . the hotel â € ™ s location be perfect â € “ better than the peninsula or any of the other major hotel in hk . the marco polo be literally on the doorstep of the star ferry terminal   give quick and easy access to hk island . the only thing we have to gripe about and it be minor be that when we arrive , we be tell our room wasn â € ™ t ready and we â € ™ would have to wait an hour or so . but give the turnover of guest at the hotel nb the average stay in hk be four days ! , this be forgivable . the buffet breakfast be great too . all in all a superb experience

the room be on a larger side by hong kong standard . however , most item be old   from the front door to the wardrobe and to the sink in the bathroom . i do not think the hotel have renovate or refurbish its rooms since the mid   for the rate i pay , i expect something more modern . that say , the room be clean enough and could be a comfortable stay if one do not mind the   decor . importantly , it be conveniently locate within the largest shopping complex in hong kong   the harbour city

i have stay in the marco polo prince , gateway and hong kong and have to say that the hong kong be definitely the best . the bar restaurant area be very pleasant , far more so than the pokey bar at the gateway and quieter than the prince

we love it , partly because we pay a little extra for a harbour view room and get a superb suite . it be very spacious and have every amenity include slipper and a rubber duck . no noise whatsoever from adjacent rooms or the corridor

really enjoy this hotel . fantastic location , extra large rooms , great buffet breakfast . the service be fantastic , real attention to detail . sit in the bar over a drink i bearly spill a drop when the barman hurry over and refill my glass for free . my husband be give his   beer at no cost to boot

we stay at the marco polo gateway in september     and i have be die to go back to hong kong ever since . there have be a mix up with our travel agent and the tour operator   they tell us on arrival we have be move to another hotel   we say we would prefer to stay at the gateway if possible we do n't realise that the alternative hotel be only about five door away . anyway   it take a good couple of hours to sort out   but we do get a room in the gateway   and the lady on reception kimi could not do enough to either help   or apologise . she be very good with us   when we finally get a room   we have an upgrade   very spacious   and they also leave a bottle of wine in our rooms for us to make up for the confusion   even though it be n't really the hotel fault . the location be excellent   first time in hk and have no idea as to where would be a good base   we really drop on here . just round the corner from the star ferry   close to nathen road for the shopping too . there be a public holiday     oct i think   firework display over the harbour   stunning . enjoy everything about hong kong   and hope that anyone else reading the review have as good a time as we do

this must be the best   star hotel we have ever stay in . stay   night on way back from australia and when we check in be offer a deal to upgrade to a continental club room for around Â £   a night . this give the two of us breakfast each day , afternoon tea , cocktail for   hours each evening and one hour 's free internet access . we have our own floor where all this be situated . food be great and you could make the afternoon tea into a late lunch as they have soup as well as cakes scones etc

this hotel be clean , service be ok , great location . our include breakfast be less than great . if you have get a great deal , feel safe    it 's clean , close , etc  

we stay at this hotel nov   as a stopover on route from australia

we be very disappoint when we first see our room , as we be pay a lot of money to stay here . on arrival we be tell we have be upgrade from our original room . hate to see what room we would have have ! everything look worn out . and the room be the size of a postage stamp . the view be not very good either , look onto a neighbour dingy tower block . the room be not reminiscent of the website at all

