one tip   if you ever go through hong kong and have even a couple hours layover , there be a new sky city marriott on the airport complex that have one of the best equip hc i have ever see and certainly worth the     to visit it , sweat off stress , take a steam and head back over to hk for transit connex . ask at the hotel transport desk in the terminal   they have a van that will take you to the property

good ambience and rooms . good view of hong kong city skyline . good breakfast

good transfer service to and from the airport . clean comfortable rooms . the buffet food look good but be very disapointing and expensive , even more so when the service charge be add on top

as a hong kong citizen , i stay here with my family because the hotel have offer us a promotion include complimentary breakfast . after i make my reservation and check in the hotel , the staff suddenly tell me that i have book a room only , and thus i be force to pay us     more for the breakfast . finally , i have to pay more than us  

the new marriott be a beautiful hotel , close to the airport , the train to hong kong and the convention center . the rooms be comfortable and most all have a wonderful view . be aware , the food and drink be quite expensive but they do have a free shuttle to the mall a couple of mile away where there be plenty more restaurant to choose

stop here overnight from sydney , fly out to st petersburg next day

this be the best airport hotel i have ever stay at . it be just perfect

stay here one night before earlyish flight back to europe . do a package with airport limo service , breakfast and   ngong ping trip  however one word of warning make sure you get there early to get up on cable car and enjoy at least half a day . front desk staff quite officious , bar staff very nice , lobby area nicely furnished   lots of large party tours and airport cabin staff bustle in and out . bar shut quite early   midnight . good choice for breakfast . bedroom     rather standard    . bathroom good . view good over airport , internet access   a bit pricey . locate right next to asia expo centre . would rather a   out of  

while very drab look from the outside , the inside of this marriott be beautiful . all aspect of the hotel 's design be impeccable . my room be large with a pleasant view of the south china sea , the distant mountain and high rise apartment and factories . a first for me in any hotel be the presence of a french press for morning coffee making . the lap pool be a visual delight and even entice me to take some lap just to enjoy it . i be pick up from the airport in a mercedes suv with beautiful leather and woodwork

when i open my curtain the morning after i arrive , i think â € ˜ wow â € ™ . the view of sea and distant mountain be not something one often get so close to a major international airport . watch the sun rise the morning of my departure be something special . the rooms themselves be both attractive and smart . the main restaurant offer enjoyable a la carte dine , although the buffet fare be distinctly bland . exercise option be good , and the indoor swim pool be more sizeable than most . the hotel â € ™ s own website didn â € ™ t make the transport option very clear . there be a regular transfer bus to from tung chung shopping centre metro station as well as to the airport , the latter take about   minutes . the hotel be about   minutes by cover walkway from the airport express terminus that will get you to kowloon and hong kong island in about   minutes . there can be aircraft noise owe to the location quite close to the runway , something to bear in mind . would i go back ? for sure

just because the bar business be slow do n't give them a reason to keep the expire draft beer and serve it to the next sucker who order it . the draft beer     stella    i order taste sour and the food be not impressive . the california sushi be worse then the one you can get at a local supermarket . but they charge five time as much for three little sushi . anyway , it 's a very isolate hotel out of the way from anywhere . if you want to be depress , this be the hotel for you

spending just   days in hong kong make my plan shuffle and shift to find the best deal and advantage to see and experience a spectacular city with so limited time . i arrive at hong kong international after midnight and after collect my bag , head over the bridge to the airport express that cost     us or     hkd . very simple , smooth , short , and convenient ride of   minutes to the world expo . i not mind walk the   minutes to the hotel only because ive be sit on the plane for   hours . the check in agent be very nice and the process just take   minutes . have a   floor room over look the water and accommodation be just as advertised . picture on hotel website and share photo on ta be exactly the same . room be huge and tastefully decorated . bed be best ive ever sleep on in an hotel . i love it ! i be able to sleep each night with sweet dream

i stay there with a friend for   night by redeem my marriott reward point so i do n't have to pay at the moment when i check in or check out . just one night because we just want to take a break before the weekend , so   will be just perfect for us

my wife and i stay here after a business trip to shenzhen . the short complimentary ride from the airport be friendly and efficient . our first impression of the hotel be good . check in be fair . it take slightly longer than we would have like , but it be no problem . we be surprise that internet be not free , as we always select hotel with free internet . we consider pay between     and     a day , a rip off , for this much need business facility . when we arrive in the room , it look clean and comfortable . we look for a few international power outlet , but be surprise that there be none , even though this be a very modern hotel . there should have , at least , be a power adaptor in the room

we have a one night layover and this hotel be more reasonable than the other close by alternative . i get the senior citizen discount , but it be expensive . we arrive after   pm and there be no shuttle , have to take a cab for     usd . hint  cab be colored for the area of your destination   you want a blue cab for this short trip . hotel be very close to the airport and next to asia world expo center . hotel room be very nice    modern clean , comfortable . after the long flight , we have a very good solid sleep . go to airport on shuttle the next day and continue on our trip . i like this hotel and the rates be reasonable for hong kong

on the last night of our stay we come back to the room at   only to find room service cleaning our room . we be surprise that our room wasn â € ™ t ready since we leave the room at   that morning . it be bad management to have our room clean so late . there be a man and a woman cleaning the room and what look like a supervisor outside our room with the cleaning cart . even though we be disappoint , we have no choice but to head to the lobby and wait until our room be clean . i have a bag that be full of material from the trade show and i decide to leave my bag in the room . turn out this be a very big mistake . in the outside pocket be my digital camera canon power shot   worth     us dollars . the camera be in the bag when we leave the room . after have a drink at the bar we go back to our room , it be clean but my camera be gone . we didn â € ™ t go anywhere else until the next morning . we call the manger and they search the room as well , include all our luggage . no camera be find , our room be violated . to make a terrible situation worse , deal with the manger on duty prove to be a tax experience

its kinda far from downtown hong king so not a good place to stay if your sight seeing . but for a convention or if you need to be near the airport they have a free shuttle its very nice

if you need a clean bunk from a late night flight or early morning flight , then it works   it 's expensive and very limited    coffee open at       you have to be at the airport for many international flights  

this be a marriott , so it 's get some very nice amenities . the decor be garish , but that 's not uncommon in the east  

i miss a connection in hong kong recently and have to stay overnight to get the next connection . i be fully exhaust and be able to easily book on the spot at the airport 's hotel desk . i get a rate around     a marriott bellman at the airport approach me to usher me into a lovely little wait area for the free shuttle to the hotel . i feel stress lift off my shoulder right then and there . the transfer be quick . the hotel be close to the airport , sit on water 's edge near some dock and a golf course . checkin be professional and easy . i be give a sea view room on the   floor . it be beautiful ! kind of very chic and trendy modern furnishings . the bathroom be all marble tile . very upscale . tub and shower combined . larged vanity space . great little bath amenities . plushy towels . huge closet , safe , robe and slippers . comfy bed and pillows . plenty of space to work and sit . the only drawback be no free wifi . pay internet only , even in the lobby . room service be brilliant . european and asian , do n't laugh please , but i be a little sick from the trip and all i could stomach be mash potato in my mind . try to find mash potato in asia . well room service have it , and they be as good as grama 's ! i be so happy to relax and feel better . i love this hotel

i stay for   night at the hotel as i be go to macau . i get late into hk and so it be not possible to get a ferry that late . the hotel be near the airport . they have a free shuttle to the hotel from the airport . when you get into the arrival hall walk to the marriott booth . they will help with the transportation . hotel be about   minute drive from the hotel . you can even get there by airport express . get off at the expo stop and its a few minute walk

stay one night for morning flight . arrive the night before , there be a van from airport to hotel , but no one to help with luggage at the hotel . travel time   minutes

i be pass thru hk on my way to mainland china and would normally stay at the harbor hk hotel , even if for one night

go along for the afternoon tea as i have some business in the airport earlier

this hotel be in a unbeatable location if you want to be close to the asia expo centre , explore lantau island , disneyland or on transit from flights . the airport transfer be seamless and under   minutes

plush , comfy , well appoint rooms and bath . every aspect of customer service throughout the hotel be very , very good . delicious , expansive buffet breakfast . personal concierge service from airport arrival hall to hotel . shuttle service to airport and mtr subway station . top notch concierge , front desk , housekeep , and wait staff . so impress with employee we write letter s to hotel and marriott corporate

the hotel be conventiently locate near the airport . we spend one night there because we arrive really late . we be give a free ride to the hotel from the airport . we spend a quiet relax night there . breakfast be excellent ! we also get a free ride to disneyland which be about   minute drive

we arrive   from thailand and have a       flight to

i stay at this hotel for one night after fly in from beijing to hong kong . i choose this hotel due to its closeness to the airport , since i be go to be fly from hong kong to newark the morning after

we be travel with our two teenage boy   and   for two night in hong kong . our flight from the us via tokyo arrive   so we think it would be better to stay our first night at an airport hotel . the airport be huge so you have to meet at a designate spot b something and then the hotel staff escort you to the mini van . the van run every   min or so . it would have be nice to have be able to check in at the airport as we have to wait there anyway . they have   staff member just stand around

we have book this hotel as we be planning to stay in hongkong for   night and basic plan be to visit disneyland

i pick this hotel because of its proximity to the airport as i be break a long journey with a one night stop over . the transfer from the airport once you find the hotel 's desk take only a few minutes and the driver be helpful and very courteous . check in be extremely efficient and the staff be helpful and polite . the room , like the rest of hotel , be modern and very pleasantly and the bed be extremely comfortable . there be no aircraft noise at all . one of the benefit for a stop over traveller be that you get free ticket for the express train service to down town hong kong about   minutes away   the station be a few minutes walk away through the neighbour convention centre

this hotel be locate at the international airport . it be a fairly new hotel . it 's international staff be very friendly and helpful

we decide to stay   night near the airport due to this hotel 's very reasonable rates include daily return ticket to the city on the airport express . the station be only a five minute walk from the hotel and it 's a   min trip to central . our room be large enough with a comfortable bed and include all things we expect from this class of hotel . the bathroom be excellent with a great overhead rain shower . plane fly right by our window come into land and we hear virtually nothing . staff at all level be friendly and helpful . pick up from and delivery to the airport go without a hitch

background

positive

i stay at the marriott skycity hong kong for   night in june while i be work in hong kong

my itinerary have me fly into hk airport on a saturday evening and depart on sunday afternoon , so i opt for this airport hotel as i be go to be too jet lag and tired to do any sightsee during my transit time

check in be disappointing . a week before arrival , the hotel email me ask if i have any requests . i tell them i would like to have a room similar to the one i have on my last stay in april but i would like a higher floor . they email me back say it would not be a problem . on arrival , the front desk staffer gigi say she could only give me the room i have last time , but if i would be willing to pay an extra hk     , i could get a higher floor . so i just accept the same room . this be the   time this year that a hotel have promise to do their best but fail to deliver . and if the hotel ca n't deliver , why do n't they tell you beforehand , instead of wait till you check in ? i 'd rather know before i check in

i rarely spend more than   in hong kong , use it as an opportunity to do business on a stopover . this hotel be great as it be so close to the airport and the station , there be a shuttle from the airport

this hotel be new . at end of mtr airport line , when i book they give   free return trip on the train to hk value     pool be the largest i have ever see in a hotel . shuttle be great , every   minutes and also take you to the local town , shopping mall and disney , all free . ocean view room have a slightly better view . if catch a plane early , this hotel be a must . we fly in from beijing at   and out at   to shanghai the next day , be right at the airport save money and time . cost us only     a night . room be large , clean and bathroom rooomy and modern . food in hotel restuarants be expensive . take a short ride to the outlet mall where there be a very reasonable foodcourt at     of the price

nice new hotel , with cheaper rates than the hotel adjoin the airport . great indoor swim pool . some airport noise , but not bad at all if you have to catch a flight

we stay at the skycity marriott for one night while on a stopover . it be a modern hotel which be about a   minute drive from hong kong airport at the asia expo . upon arrival at the airport you get to the marriott desk after clear customs and they arrange for a driver to pick you up . check in be quick although we do arrive in the evening

stay here overnight on the way to hcmc . service , room amenities be first class transfer to hotel from airport be fantastic , we will stay here again

book online at the marriot website for a   nite stay . get a complimentary limo transfer from the arrival hall to the hotel within   min

we check into this hotel instead of stay in the airport for   hours ! the plane touch down at       and our head hit the pillow at   ,   min later . marriott move us from airport to hotel room in less than   excellent service , exceptionally clean room , fantastic bathroom and bed . very quite . breakfast the next day be an awesome array of every type of breakfast food available with a top notch service . all top off by an equally efficient transfer back to the airport after the breakfast . well do marriott , this be a fist class service

i stay here on my first and last night of a recent trip to hong kong . i be attend a trade show at asia world expo and it be very convenient . asia world expo be about a   or   minute walk on a bridge that be connect to the

this marriott be a quality hotel like every other marriott . boring high quality perfect for the business traveller . it have a few more ammenities than some . it 's very new , clean , functional , and have several restaurants . it 's part of the asia world expo center and could not be more convenient to the trade shows . it 's very close to the airport also . as others have point out , the airport be not near anything so this be not a place to stay if you want to be in the city

stay for one night   april en route to bangkok . i have correspond with the hotel prior to my arrival to enquire about breakfast and spa facility and to warn of arrival time for the shuttle to be waiting . all request be reply to with useful information and in a reasonably prompt manner . when landing at hong kong i manage to find the desk to pick up my shuttle . a small wait for the minibus to arrive but a pleasant person ferry me to the hotel . interestingly , when take my credit card details , the pin be require to be enter as well , not something i have encounter before . the room be good with a sea view which i have pay extra for and a fascinating vista of the fast shuttle to macau from the airport which take passenger directly from the plane airside without the need to clear immigration i be told . the shower be indeed extra powerful although i find the fitting to be loose and hang from the wall so i request , and get immediately , a room change to one with more sturdy shower tap fittings . decide to have something to eat i find that , somewhat confusingly , one of the restaurant be not open yet as the hotel be still ramp up for business and the second restaurant have move into the premises of the first . sit in the expensive chinese restaurant i ask if there be anything smaller to eat than the somewhat grand dishes . i be give the red zen menu by one waiter but then it be take back by another who explain that the menu be not yet featured . never mind , i expect the staff be a little new . the selection from the main menu be of good quality but similar to its equivalent in london and a lot more expensive   a captive audience i suspect . there be a lovely view out from the restaurant seawards the proximity to the airport express mean that go into central that evening be a breeze . when i pop into the sheraton hotel and tower later as i have book to stay there after return form bangkok i find the staff to be a lot less friendly and helpful than those of this new marriott . checkout be easy and efficient , perform by a very friendly and urbane individual who obviously take great pride in work for his hotel chain and i can see why . all in all i can say that compare my first stay in a marriott compare with my previous encounter with sheraton , meridiens and hiltons i would definitely return

disclaimer   we be book at the sky city by cathay pacific because we be bump to a another flight to san francisco the follow day . they pay for our room and breakfast lunch . we do n't pay for anything , but i figure i might as well give a summary of our time there

stay on   april to catch an early flight the next day

this be a very new , very stylish hotel with excellent facility and very friendly and helpful staff . there be a shuttle bus directly from the airport terminal to the hotel that take about   minutes and run every   minutes or so . we arrive out of hours the shuttle run from   to midnight and they get a car for us in less than   minutes to bring us over instead . you just need ot go to the marriott desk in the arrival hall

we book two rooms for our family after arrive on a late flight from tokyo , for aprox   hkd each room room only . transfer from hk airport be via a private hire van , which be a nice improvement from the usual minibus

marriott sky city  just great . we arrive at the hong kong airport , go to arrival hall b and marriott take over . get us to our hotel with the free shuttle , quicly and efficiently , and from there the wonderful staff take over . they be cheerful and helpful and make everything fun

this be an outstanding hotel if you need to stay somewhere close to the airport with access to downtown hong kong

this hotel be the perfect location for us as it be locate about   minutes on foot , from the hk int'l airport . there be also a hotel shuttle to the airport but we preferred to walk as it be a nice day

the newly opened marriott sky city 's service and staff be beyond excellent , although the hotel 's location away from hong kong 's city attraction   min by taxi to kowloon be a drawback   unless you 're planning to visit the expo centre just across the road . the hotel be locate less than   min car ride away from the airport , and offer complimentary airport transfer to guest upon arrival

perfect location for this new marriott in hk

hong kong skycity marriott hotel be only three week old when we stay there on jan   ,   hong kong international airport , the hotel send out a bus to bring us to the hotel , which be close to the expo train station it be amid industrial environment , but i do not hear any plane take off noises it be a franchise hotel , but manage by the usual diligent marriott staffs i enjoy the two restaurant inside very much . red zen serve noodle , and the bistro serve buffet from morning to night . but the best be the olympic size swim pool , give me a great chance to stay indoor for exercise . inside the change area , there be the usual hot tub and sauna . the room itself be huge , compare to the other hk airport hotel regal or novotel

my husband and i stay at the marriott skycity for   days from   th dec     dec   hotel officially open only   week prior to that , we get an excellent travel industry rate for this property we arrive at   be , approach the hotel desk at hk airport and be immediately transfer to the hotel by pvt car transfer . about   minute ride and be immediately check into an ocean view deluxe room which be very spacious by hk standard , the amenities be all in line with marriott standards . we even have a staff visit us later that day to check if we need anything in addition , which be excellent  all the staff member we dealt with be extremely polite and willing to assist

