it do not look at all like it look on the website . apparently renovate for million of usd   not know where the money go to ! be upgrade to a family room   top floor ,   double bed ,   single bed in same room ,   window face backyard , very dark , damp and mouldy . decide to take originally book room . wasnt much better . bath leak through the wall into bedroom after take a shower . breakfast poor

this hotel be great value . it be locate on hong kong island in the wanchai district , about two block from the subway station , and close to shopping , good mall , etc

convenient location though not close to shopping belt . clean

my husband and i stay here during our hk trip . we 'd book a double room but we arrive late and be tell that they be out of double 's for the night . we be upgrade to a larger twin room for our first night , which be quite nice . we preferred a double though and the hotel manage to switch us to a double standard room the next day

this hotel be right along the main road in wan chai which be in between the shopping area of causeway bay and admiralty central

the metropark hotel , wanchai be well locate with easy access to the mtr , bus and the star ferry in a vibrant part of hong kong close to the central area . all the staff be very polite , helpful and really make my stay special . my room be clean , spacious and well look after by house keeping . the breakfast be extensive and have try most things , be good value , vary and tasty , again the staff in the restaurant be attentive and very pleseant . as a lone female traveller , i feel very safe and welcome and with ease of access to transport and place to visit in the evening in the surround area , feel able to make the most of the opportunity of stay in such a central location

i be very please with this hotel . the location be excellent , nearly perfect , actually . it 's a smallish room , and semi boutique feel , but very comfy for the price . and the price be great . there be loads of shopping and dine all around the hotel , and the second most popular club area in hk be literally a block away . typical asian bed tho   hard ! but , they do try very hard to make you comfortable and welcome . friendly and helpful . i get the lady style room and it be cute . they put lot 's of little feminine touches . i 'll stay here again

this hotel be locate in the middle of the city and near busy streets . it be close to the subway mtr and ferry terminals . there be many restaurant around the block and open close to   hours . there be many bars clubs behind the hotels . it could be noisy on the weekend . the windows be lock , and you can see people in the next building over . all the rooms be remold and have flat screen tv . the room be small but it be only good for   person the most

i stay here for   night on business . a nicely decorate clean hotel in a good location but no bar . lots of bars and restaurant within walk distance and a safe area to walk at night too . only a few minutes walk to the underground station . a little too noisy at night due to its location . quite good value for a centrally position hotel

rooms be lot smaller than what it appear in the photo on the hotel website . however it be well clean and self sufficient

at hkd   per night no breakfast , the price value at this   hotel be great . at first i be in a room which face a busy street hennessy road . there be too much noise for me . i ask whether it would be possible to move . i could   no problem . have a bigger room , this time two bed , and nice and quiet , although in the middle of the action wanchai . i find this deal through the internet

my colleague and i have recently stay at your hotel and we have a few times this year

lovely hotel , recently renovate , great location , friendly staff but sadly no bar ! ! ! !

we spend four night in hong kong under a virgin package . the airport bus stop just outside the hotel which be very convenient after a long haul flight . the hotel be very central in the most vibrant district of hong kong and be spotlessly clean . all the staff speak very good english and be very helpful . our non smoking room be on the   floor face the front but seem quite well sound insulated . the bed be hard but comfortable , the minibar well stock and the safe very useful . the bathroom toilitries be replace every day and very generous , even down to hair comb and slippers . as we be out most of the time explore hong kong and kowloon we find the room more than adequate for our need , in spite of what we would regard as unfound critisim by some of the previous reviewers . the only thing we be not keen on be the opaque glass door between the bedroom and the bathroom which my wife would only use with the light switch off ! apart from one night of have buffet dinner , which be ok , we do not have other meal in the hotel . all in all we be more than happy to stay there and we will definately be back

the room be large , new and clean . its close to central train station ~     hkd taxi fare with luggage , and within walk distance of wan chai station . the staff be very helpful and speak english well

this hotel be fantastic for a location in central honkers . you 're close to everything and the entertainment district on wan chai be at your back door step

we book a non smoking double room three month in advance , but when we arrive they try to give us a smoking twin bed room . the woman at reception do move us to a non smoking room , but we have to wait an hour at the lobby for them to clean a room for us . she then insist that we go down to the front desk the next morning to ask if there be any other double rooms available . i find it annoy to have to wait until the morning to find out whether we could have the room that we originally book , plus we didn â € ™ t really have time to mess around like that

we spend   night at the metropark wanchai in december en route from the

we stay at the metropark hotel wanchain at the end of december   between xmas and nye

obviously it be difficult to get rooms at a decent price anywhere to stay during the xmas period , especially when xmas be only   days away . we be very lucky to be able to secure a room through www asiatravel com at a reasonable rate of   per night consecutively from xmas eve to box day . and we be very grateful to be give a free upgrade to the executive spacious room

we enjoy our stay at the metropark and will definitely stay there on our next visit . the rooms be a good size and very fresh and modern . we only have breakfast in the hotel but no complaint there . you have a choice of a la carte or buffet . the staff be very friendly . it be ideally situate near the mtr with a road cross right outside the door . anyone who know hong kong will know what a boon that be as sometimes you have to walk a long way just to cross the road . all in all a very good place to stay whether on business or

a white and bright contemporary lobby give an upscale feel , but we find that not all aspect of this hotel be as flashy as the entrance . our complaint be , frankly , relatively minor , but for what be suppose to be a four star hotel , we think that this hotel do not quite reach that standard or offer a value for money option in hong kong

a small , simple hotel which be perfectly locate as a base to tour hk and kowloon . excellent public transportation access   tram just across the road , bus   min walk , mtr   min walk , ferry wan chai pier . lots of restaurant on lockhart st behind the hotel    between hennessy and the convention centre . there be several convenient store , include a supermarket , nearby

the hotel facade be non descript , the small lobbly area clean and sharp . the staff be efficient and helpful when necessary . the room have all the basics and be suitable for my needs . the bed be firm but i do n't mind and hear very little noise give the location . the shower work well and the room safe be handy . the hotel be clean , immacualte actually and the location be just right , access to everything

i try out the metropark at wanchai after the mostly positive review , but be unfortunately a little disappointed . that say , there be some positive

i stay in this hotel for two night in oct     primarily as a shopping stopover . i book the basic room , but on my arrival which be   or   hours before normal check in , not only do they have the room ready , they upgrade me to their new product their words not mine call the lady only room . well i be on my own and female so i guess i qualify ! room be really big , view over hennessy road , i 'd say the hotel have recently be renovate as the bathroom be pretty swish . the usual hard bed as be to be expect in china . the only thing i could fault be that the bathroom light over the makeup mirror be a bit dark , but on the upside a fan in the bathroom so no foggy mirrors . and there be scale in the room   not that i want to weigh myself mind you , handy though to make sure all bag be below the luggage allowance ! breakfast be standard buffet . there be a few mcdonals in the area if a cheap quick breakfast be what you be after ! the hotel be near the wanchai mtr and i walk to pacific place about   minutes before it get too busy . very helpful reception . oh , i nearly forgot   a pillow and blanket menu if you do n't like what they have provide

after   visit to hong kong i finally find a hotel with a excellent price service comfort location balance . in the middle of wanchai , close to bus , tram and mrt . a zillion restaurant and pub for big and small wallet within minutes walk distance . comfortable rooms , good shower , good service , safe and not over price

stay here for a night only after spending   night at excelsior . room be spacious . be tell by the front desk we be upgrade to a deluxe room . we be expect a queen size bed but be give a twin bed . we be also give discount voucher for their breakfast and dinner buffet but do n't avail it . they do n't give extra buffer with their checkout . should checkout exactly at   or key wo n't work and have to ask front desk to open it again

we stay for two night in this hotel . it be very nice and give a good impression right from the lobby and it do n't fail to impress in the rooms and the service as well

i go to metropark hotel wanchai for a short business trip and stay there for   night total . the main reason for me to visit this hotel be the convenience location . it just take me few minutes walk to the subway and to the hong kong convention and exhibition centre . the relatively low price of the hotel also engages me so much . after i get into the hotel , i find the value of the hotel be much higher than the price . in addition to very clean and tidy rooms , the modern design of the rooms and the extremely helpful customer service impress me a lot ! the hotel staff be incredibly friendly and be eager to help any way they could , if need

my husband and i have stay at the metropark wanchai from   aug for a total of   nights . here be some pointer worth highlight for fellow tripadvisor member

this hotel be recently remodel , with very modern and update decor , and taxi driver call it the     singapore hotel    so it must have change hands recently

we stay here , have stay at the sister hotel in causeway bay , and want to experience a couple of location on the island . as a family we find it difficult to book sleeping arrangments to suit us anywhere , even with only wheel in a cot and have our other young child on our exist bedding . it seem the rooms be small here and mostly you be require to either upgrade to a suite or get two rooms fine except if you ca n't get adjoin rooms you 're seperated as a family  

location

i need to go to hong kong for a business meeting in central , but my husband and a girlfriend decide to tag along . choose metropark wanchai for price and location . it be ideal on both

stay here last weekend   took the   bus from the airport and it drop you off just down the street from the hotel

after   week of travel around asia , i be ready to get back to civilize society and a nice hotel room for my final   days . metropark wanchai more than meet that need

this hotel be in a great location on hong kong island itself . it 's only   from wan chai station , give you access to the best metro underground i have ever use ! the hotel room be lovely   new furnishing , and clean ! apart from 'holiday ' facility , such as a pool etc , that this hotel do not have , the in room facility be great ! internet be not free though . a nice hotel , if you be look for somewhere new , clean and convenient

just a stone 's throw from wanchai mtr station , with little restaurant dot along way . key shopping area such as causeway bay , central , tsim sha tsui , kowloon etc be just a few stations away

well place for all the transport and within easy walk of central area

