i have stay at the metropark causeway bay couple times while i be in hk . the location be the best thing about this hotel . only   min walk to the mtr subway station . there be bus and van and tram conveniently locate right downstairs . the rooms be pretty clean and decent size for a hong kong hotel . it be very close to the central library , couple pub and restaurant downstairs , the victoria park , and also just minutes from causeway bay where all shopping and action are . the only down side be the hotel be get more and more expensive each year i stay

choose this hotel after read the review on tripadvisor com , happy with the choice , good room with expansive city and harbour view , good broadband , breakfast be a good selection , coffee be bad include the expresso . helpful staff , i be sick on the last day and could not have a late checkout before fly out due to incoming guests . staff let me rest on the lounge chair by the poolside for the day and use gym showers . good location

i stay at the metropark for seven night on a business trip in october

a good hotel in my opinion . rooms be small but clean and have all the ammenities . lovely view out over the park and the city

with so much choice and high price i spend an awful lot of time choose this hotel   i basically have a usd   per night budget and want view and lots of space for the wife and two young kid   plus good review from this website

we arrive at   be and within an hour we have get an early check in to both the rooms we have booked . they give us coffee while we waited . both rooms be harbourview with fantastic views . would n't recommend the other side of the hotel as you would be look into very near apartment blocks . good bathroom with walk in shower   hate have to climb into a bathtub . light and attractive decor in the rooms and in the hallways . very clean rooms and comfy beds . the pool on the top floor be brilliant with view to match . could n't fault anything at all . if you like a large sumptuous lobby you would be disappoint , this be quite a small area , but perfectly adequate . the biggest mistake we make be take the so called airport limousine bus from the airport   this take us through the middle of kowloon and its endless traffic . it take ninety minutes over roads which when not gridlocked be bumpy and windy . we arrive feeling very much all shake up . tip   take the airport express to central and then take a taxi or the mtr . the hotel be two minutes walk from tin hau station

hello again , i just come back from another trip to hong kong where i stay at the metropark causeway bay for   nights . this be my fourth trip to the metropark causeway bay in   years . this time i be upgrade to a harbor view room at no extra charge . i think the metropark be a great place to stay   the service be wonderful , the rooms be clean , and the bed be very comfortable . yes the rooms be a bit small , as some people have point out , but for a solo traveler it be more than adequate . there * be * more competition now with l'hotel around the corner and the new empire hotel in causeway bay tin hau just down the street . item such as the television in the metropark be woefully old in this era of in room flat screen tv , but what really count for me be that the metropark be consistently clean , quiet , the service be good , and the location be great . you can walk to the tin hau mtr station in just a couple of minutes , and you can catch the   bus to the airport just up the street

i stay at the metropark hotel for   night with my wife , november   till   we have aready plan a room on the executive floor , we be allocate room   , the room be a nice size and the view over the harbour , hong kong and kowloon be to die for . the room lack space to put your clothes and hang space be limited , so clothes stay in the case , just a little inconvenience . the executive lounge be ok i have experience better , but again the veiw be amazing . there be an mtr station just   to   minutes walk away , bus and tram , you have never see as many , it be great just to watch them go and no doubt return . the breakfast at the hotel be excellent and the food at lunch and dinner be equally as good . price be reasonable at the hotel . eat out be very easy price be a lot lower that the hotel . travel around be exciting and very easy to master , do not expect a seat and be prepare to stand your ground . so much to do in hk and kowloon , no need to think about go on a trip to mainland china . excellent hotel , it would seem the metropack have   hotel   x kowloon   x hk but the one at causeway will without doubt have the view to benefit your holiday . yes we would go again , yes we would stay at the metropark , yes we would book a room with executive lounge facilities . just do it

this hotel have very generous rooms especially our bathroom , good fitting , convenient location and really attentive staff . two major annoyance

fantastic location , taxis readily available . lunch be expensive in hotel . breakfast have a good selection . room have would most amazing view and be refreshingly different to a standard hotel room . would recommend this hotel

stay in a standard room with my wife . we travel to hk every other year and have experience with several hotel in the area . this be the best so far . room be clean and of a decent size for hk and huge compare to those we have in tokyo several days later . the service be excellent and the staff bring a lovely cake to our room when they learn that my wife 's birthday fall during our visit . as other review have say , lots of amenities and mtr right around the corner   walk distance to causeway bay shopping for those so incline to walk . also steps away from the airport bus stop that bring you to hk for about   usd . only possible downside be loud karaoke in the downstairs lounge on some nights . we could hear it faintly in the   floor hallway but not in our room . you may want to stay on a hgher floor if you be a very light sleeper

we have just return from hong kong , it be brill . the metropark hotel be perfect cleen , friendly helpfull staff , near mtr ,     , and mc donalds which be a bonus as hate the food in hong kong but everything eles be great people very helpfull and friendly , thanks metropark for a nice welcome defo go back

spend   night at this hotel . stay in a standard room this time versus the executive parlor suite three years ago . the standard room be definitely very small with no spectacular view except of the high rise apartment behind the hotel . this be not a big deal if you be out most of the day . you can always take in the night scene up by the pool area . our room have two twin size bed and just enough space for two adults . accord to the hotel , they have no adjoin rooms and only two standard rooms with double bed , so if you be think of sharing the room with kid or get adjoin rooms to keep an eye on your kid , think again . the hotel be very clean , and staff be extremely friendly and polite . aside from the basic toiletry , they even provide you with toothbrush , tooth paste , razor , and q tips . the business center have two computer for guest to use . the one by the door be very slow for some reason . this hotel be very convenient . as state in other review , public transportation , restaurant , supermarket , and pastry shop be plentiful nearby . definitely give this hotel a try if you be look for a decent place that wo n't break your wallet

stay here for the   time in the past   years on my semi annual travel to hk in a parlour room . room size be good and all parlour rooms have harbourview . excellent value for the rate charged . hotel be locate at the eastern fringe of causeway bay near the tin hau mtr station . some poster incorrectly state that this hotel be not in causeway bay . it be well within causeway bay official boundary and wish these folks would not make such erroneous comment without checking . it be in a predominantly residential neighbourhood thus not as busy and noisy at night . directly across a school . lots of local restaurant nearby as well as a   ,   supermarket and local bakery and stores . staff have always be friendly and helpful . good access to other public transport   bus and trams . the   cityflyer bus direct to the airport have a stop almost directly outside the hotel 's main entrance . those stay at parlour rooms also have access to the panorama lounge on the   floor where complimentary drink and snack be serve at the late afternoon . i have no hesitation in recommend this hotel and shall come again on my next trip to hk

easy to reach by public transportation almost on top of tin hao metro station , but also many cab in the area as well . hotel have friendly staff , clean rooms , good concierge service

upon arrival , buy the   day airport express card as suggest by other reviewers . excellent advice , the transport system be so cheap and easy and the hotel only a short walk across the road from tin hau station

i would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone go to hkg . the hotel be very near to the mtr tin hau and other public transportation   ding dig tram and buses . there be also many local food place and a supermarket alongside the hotel

w e stay in this hotel for   night as a stopover on our way to australia . the service be fantastic . we arrive around   and be pleasantly surprise to find that our room be ready for us . this give us a chance to freshen up before head out to do some sight seeing . the location be very good ,   minute walk to the metro station   tin hao . we get an octopus card for around hk     , this can be use on most public transport and the metro be by far the best way to get around

sorry this review have take so long , but life intervened . i spend   night then   night here . the thing that impress me the most be the staff . all , especially the front desk , go over and above with any question i had . the let me check in early and check out late . i be give an upgrade to a parlour room . they store my luggage while i go to macau for several days etc   the view from both rooms be the same and wonderful   the parlour room be larger and have have a fab bath as well as a sit area . i book one tour from their travel desk and they do n't even attempt to sell me more ! ! ! i only have breakfast at the hotel and it be very good . there be sufficient choice and eggs cook to order be great . free internet access be a plus . the rooms be sparkle clean . i be sure that there be much more i could say , but it would make this review too long . if you have any specific question , do not hesitate to p .m . me

we stay in the metropark for three night at the end of september and we love this hotel . the staff could not have be nicer or more helpfull with anything we needed . from the very warm welcome when we arrive to them let us use the shower in the spa before we leave for our flight home they be brilliant . the room be really nice and with a view of the hk skyline what more could you ask for      the best shower i have ever had . i would have happily live in that shower , so hot and so powerful . brilliant . we would recommend this hotel to anyone ! !

we stay for three night in the executive parlour , with the package include full breakfast simply wonderful and evening cocktail   finger food

not a flash hotel but clean and well position to use public transport . ask for a harbour view room as the view from the rooftop pool be spectacular . the bed be very hard but they all be in hong kong . staff pleasant and helpful , breakfast ok , overall good value

choose the hotel because could n't afford to stay for multiple night at a   hotel in hk on my personal budget . since i am use to   hotel in cheaper city , the less fancy environment of a   immediately become apparent . it 's always hard to downgrade but i guess i would blame that on the crazy expensive nature of hk rather than the hotel

comfortable rooms , good food though nothing exceptional . rooms be quite small but comfortable enough . close to the metro which be very frequent at all times for quick and easy travel around hk and kowloon

book this hotel because of it 's proximity to the mtr station and also because of the very good rates offer on expedia . nothing seriously wrong with the hotel . it 's a case of     it do everything it say on the tin    but do n't be expect anything beyond that either . i mean , the room be a decent size for hk but you feel like you have see this room before lots of times in asia and even then it be slightly outdated looking . it 's fine , but no wow factor anywhere . same go for the lobby and the restaurant . the gym be good for cardio machine but not enough room to do weights . the pool have a very nice view , although it be not that large

we stay for three night two couple first time to hong kong . the hotel be very good clean and tidy staff helpful . we unfortunnatly have a room at the back with a view look onto the next tower block which be appartments , our freinds have one on the front with the view of the city and bay brilliant . roof top pool be nice altough we never go in it . breakfast be good buffet style with good selection . location great for walk ,metro and tram be within two minutes walk of hotel to main shop area of city on island   min walk . i would recommend stay there no problem

do n't try to be anything other than a nice clean hotel with good location , its not on a main road or the busy kowloon , so you be gauranteed a good night 's sleep ! breakfast be fine , and cater for all tastes . bar at night be normally not busy if you want a night cap   or two ! we find the best rate via

this be our second time stay at metropark causeway bay and we stay for   nights . unfortunately , it be somewhat spoil by persistent problem with cigarette smoke drift into our room

this be our   visit to hong kong and we stay here in june   for   night , arrive in the morning , our room be not ready so they upgrade us to a suite at no extra charge which be very good of them . we find the reception staff very friendly and speak very good english . we have a room on the   floor with fantastic view over hong kong island and out to kowloon and the victoria harbour . our suite be large with a king size bed , large bathroom with bath and seperate shower , live room with comfortable seat , free internet access on a pc in the room , tea coffee make facility and another small bathroom nearer to the entrance hallway . the room also have an umbrealla for guest use and robe and slippers . on the top floor be the rooftop swim pool and small gym . we use the pool but not the gym . it be nice to be in the pool especially in the evening with hong kong light up , we have fantastic view from the pool , you could see a lot from there . the pool be not that big but be ok for what we want , and it be nice and warm too . there be also a jacuzzi at one end which be nice , especially after be on your foot all day walk around the street in hong kong . we do not use any of the restaurant or have breakfast here as we be on a room only basis

my wife and i stay for   night in an executive room on the   floor to ensure a large room with a harbour view   that be exactly what we get

seriously , this hotel have the best water pressure ever . we be on the   floor and upgrade to the executive parlor room for the extra room and find it to be more than sufficient for   the light in the room and the bathroom be amazing . our view of the park and the water be nice . the metro be literally   minute walk . there be a laundry by the pound a little father down the road near the tin hau temple . it be not the vogue laundry , they charge by the piece , walk up the hill one minute . we have about   kg of dirty laundry clean for us     they do wash white with dark and shrink a few item so do n't give them anything you hold dearly

i book this hotel have read comment on tp although i be a little put off by the 'small room ' comment

we have just get back from a week at this hotel , we have a suite which be fine , location be great as   min walk from mtr station to get to the rest of hong kong . breakfast be good in the cafe , room service dissapointing as be the housekeep however we be use to   star hotel    but hey , you get what you pay for so in reality okay . if your foot be too sore to venture out too far for dinner there be some nice place to eat nearby esp the thai next to mcdonalds turn right out of hotel and cross the road turn leave and walk a few min and there be a french and italian . for chinese ask reception and where you be heading . we live in india and be due to fly back to mumbai at   , i ask if we could stay in the room later and they give us a   check out and no extra cost

we have just finish a   day stay in hong kong , our first in   years . after read dozens of tripadvisor review , we finally decide on the metropark hotel . location be n't too far from hong kong station , it have a good range of amenities and for hong kong a reasonable price ! we do n't want a very small room , we want a harbour view and we do n't want to pay a fortune   do n't everyone ! the metropark have all this we select an executive suite and at hk     per night our     package    include breakfast , complimentary drink , free internet access . however , i note now that the best deal on the metropark web site be for   night stay which is a problem for short stayers . i suppose one could always pay for   night and check out early

we stay at the metropark for seven night at the end of august  

this be my second trip to hong kong . in the past i have stay at the excelsior . although this be super , rooms have go up to Â £   per night and so i think it be perhaps worth look elsewhere . have read the review on trip advisor i choose this hotel as it be only one stop further away on the metro . i must say that the review be spot on . this be a great hotel     very clean , helpful staff , very near to the metro station , well locate in in causeway bay and near to a   ' shop for supply of bottled water etc . the rooms be not huge but be very clean and well equiped     they look to me as though they have be recently refurbished     more than adequate . there be also free internet access . i choose a room with a harbour view     this be on the   floor and be great . there be also great view from the swim pool on top of the building . i find get around hong kong on the metro system very easy and so a ride into kowloon be only   mins . the taxis to hong kong station for the airport express be also very reasonably at Â £   i do n't eat at the hotel but the restaurant and bar look good to me . the best part be the price     i pay Â £   per night  in view of the facility this be a real bargain . highly recommend ! !

i just return from an   night stay at the metropark    and it be just awesome ! it be very convenient to the mtr tin hau station    or you can easily walk to causeway bay for shopping . i have an executive suite on the   floor    view be breath take    it be a mini version of the peak   the room be very spacious and comfortable with all the amenities and very clean . the entire staff front desk , bellhop , maid be all very polite and helpful ! i highly recommend this hotel    just make sure you get a harbour view room    it will be worth the extra cost and try and get the highest floor possible

love this hotel , good value , great location with only a   minute walk thru the park to the main shopping malls . great view from the harbour view rooms overlook the park , tennis court and of course the harbour . rooms be good size with well equip bathroom and good size shower . excellent pool locate on the roof top   floor with view to die for . entertainment in the bar at night but beware of happy hour as we be not tell our cocktail be not include

great hotel !

this hotel look fantastic on the internet , well clean and somewhat spacious . i know hk have issue with space so we pay the extra for a suite and it must have be the smallest room in hk . the position be average and the staff keep give my child sweet which be not helpful . swim pool be cold and very windy , also very high with very dubious fencing . please investigate before staying . on the way back we stay at the harbour plaza  wonderful

we stay in metropark hotel for four night in the beginning of june and be very happy there . the location be excellent , you could easily walk to shop and restaurant , catch a tram across the island or hop straight onto the mtr , it make see all of hong kong very accesible . the hotel staff be really helpful , they allow us to check in early with no extra cost and be very polite for the whole stay . the rooms be typically asian size , small , but they be immaculately clean , nicely modern and the shower be very good . there be a   just down from the front door and a delightful little bakery around the corner , great for pick up breakfast on the way out for the day . all in all we really enjoy our stay here and would definitely recommend it to others . oh and definitely check out the view from the pool at dusk , spectacular !

this hotel be within walk distance of some shops . there be a metro around the corner which be v cheap be comparison to the uk . be sure to ask for a harbour view room . the rooms be small , but not too small to cause concern . the staff be incredibly attentive , and will serve your every tourist or business need . impeccable service and politeness   as it should be . i would recommend th hotel

first check in , get the back view of the surround apartment which you can see into . not a great view . then ask for an upgrade which i get for hk     per night and switch to the harbour view , which be much better

overall ? okay

staff be really friendly . arrive before check in time , we be able to leave our bag at reception , and tell our room would be ready in an hour . go and have some breakfast in the hotel restaurant . food be great and there be lots of choice . fresh fruit , cereal , porridge , selection of hot food , etc . our room be spacious with king size bed , be upgrade to harbour view room , so have great view . have safe in room . bathroom be large and whole room be clean . hotel have roof top swim pool and sauna and gym . great for a cool down and excellent view from there as well ! in close proximity to public transport . overall stay be great

the first thing you 'll notice about metropark causeway bay be it 's convenience to transportation , restaurant , and any other live amenities you may need . luxury , however , be not a great as concern for the well situated property , as the lobby be illogically hide at the second floor , and in turn lose the feeling of a grand , welcome lobby . rooms sport a harbor view be absolutely marvelous , face the victoria harbor and park . unfortunately , the window accumulates too much moisture at the nighttime , and make it difficult to enjoy the view . service be good during our stay , with friendly concierge , and front desk staff . metropark causeway bay greatly benefit with it 's clever location , but will fail to be compliment for luxury

just spend three enjoyable night in the metro park , location be fantastic within five min to underground station , and so many bus available . the view from the rooms out over the bay be lovely and the staff we find to be very helpful and happy . rooms be large and clean and quiet . there be several small cafe close by one worth a mention be zittis pizza place out the door and turn leave about five min away . due to the weather we be not able to enjoy the pool but the view from up there be excellent . i have stay in alot of more exspensive place and have problem , the metro park be as good as any other hotel i have stay in

we stay in this hotel for   night on our way to bali the hotel be very clean staff helpful we have a harbour view room on the   floor the view be great the hotel have a complementry shuttle bus to take you to the convention centre and to causeway bay shopping . the hotel be also within walk daistanc to all these area if you be fit and like walk taxis cost about Â £   to most place we get a taxi to central pier twice once to go on a harbour cruise and another time to grt the star ferry over to kowloon to see the symphony of lighs and to go to lady night market   taxi cost Â £   both

i be not sway by the hotel choice offer by my travel agent , so i utilize tripadvisor and book the hotel directly through internet . get a small suite and the staff have be so friendly , they even send us a champagne bottle when we tell them that it be our wed anniversary   

a great hotel , near the mtr station and will almost all the amenities you could want

we stay at the metropark hotel , causewaybay for   night . the hotel rooms be a bit small however they more than make it up with the swim pool , excellent staff , great breakfast , awesome location    

be prepare to get your temperature take on arrival , i have to ask how this would be do , fear the most intrusive but most accurate method . but be relieved to find the just beam a device at your forehead and all be quick and painless . i guess they be particularly worry about have to quarantine another hotel , as recently the metropark hong kong be for a week not to be confused with the causeway hotel !

we spend   night for our anniversary at the metropark hotel with our   year old son in an executive suite and it be just wonderful . as usual the rooms in hong kong be on the small side . the suite consist of a small lliving area , where we have a spare bed place for the teenager and a bedroom as well as one ensuite bathroom and a separte toilet for the other room . this suit us perectly . the view from the room   floor be great . each morning we ould watch the various group exercise tai chi in victoria park and wave to the peak and the     batman    high rise . the tram and the   bus from the airport stp almost in front of the hotel , which make get around very easy . the suite include as well access to the excutive longe , which be great to have a drink and watch the lightshow at   karen , one of the executive lounge staff be always most helpful and really lovely . we will definitely return again . oh   i almost forgot the pool on the top floor be just spectacular not too big , but a great view ! ! !

stay at this hotel mid may   for four nights . we find the staff to be so helpful and polite on check in and throughout our stay . room on   floor with harbour view be n't exactly huge but more than adequate for the price paid . very clean too . this hotel be ideal for hop onto the mtr or trams buses , all of these minutes away from hotel entrance . we also find a walk around victoria park be a good start to the day before serious shopping take over ! we do know hk fairly well have live there and re visited a couple of times , so know what we want and the metropark more than meet our requirement , rooftop pool be amazing ! only slight criticism   the pool lounger   they need to be renew please ! only eat in the hotel once for an evening meal and what we have be very nice and be n't over priced . again , the service be excellant . would stay here again and recommend to others without any hesitation

we stay for   night at this hotel and have a wonderful time . breakfast be good , staff be lovely and the location be perfect . the roof top pool be absolutely amazing . i would like to mention however that some of the sunbeds be fault the back would not stay up , and need replace , but other than that , swim in a pool on the roof top with hong kong , buzz around you i find amazing . to eat out in hong kong can be very exspensive , and we be not people that mind pay a bit extra but the restaurant we eat in be very expensive , and the cheapest bottle of wine be around   pounds . so take plenty of money with you . also before i go , i read , that you may need a cardigan , jacket as everywhere be so cold due to air condition , this be so true , the mtr , all the shop , restaurant etc etc , be so well cool , that i myself find myself feeling cold , even though the temperature in hong kong be really hot . when you visit hong kong , i recommend a visit to , to the fish market , flower market , bird market and jade market . these be locate in kowloon we take the star ferry which be about   penny per person , it run very regularly and be so so cheap , as be the mtr . get around will cost you pennies . we have travel the world , and the people in hong kong , have get to be politest , most adorable people , we have ever have the pleasure to meet . i would definately recommend this hotel and i will definately be back to visit hong kong again . this hotel be rate   star . after hong kong we travel to malaysia and thailand both   star hotel , and of all the three i enjoy my visit to this hotel the most . of all the three hotel this be the only one i have give a   out of  

quiet neighborhood , hotel overlook one of the best green space on hong kong island , victoria park . three minute walk to tin hau mtr station . comfy bed and nice linen

i stay in the metropark causeway bay the first week of may ,   it turn out to be an excellent choice to stay . the neighbourhood be very nice . not too hectic as in wan chai but you can still feel the energy of the city around you . one of the other reviewer write about a lack of place to eat nearby , but i find plenty . there be a supermarket at the corner too . tram , bus and metro be within   meter

we book this hotel through my corporate deal and get a good package for a suite since we want bigger room to accomodate   kid under   years . hong kong hotel have small rooms and some of them do n't allow couple with   kid in   room . the hotel 's location be very convenient if one want to see hong kong island with central , peak etc . taxi be very convenient and reasonable . hotel 's overall service be good with neat and clean room , however it do not have may facility for leisure activity etc

metro park be one of the finest hotel available in the good location in hk and provide easy access to various posh location and place to enjoy in hk

you expect a room that fit a little more than your bed and a wardrobe fit for a mouse when you be pay around   gbp per night . whilst the swim pool look nice it be too cold to use , no heat i guess . the metropark be a real pack em in push em out type hotel . the staff be either watch your every move , even look over your shoulder to see what you be do on your computer but on the other hand fail to act on requests . overall , a basic hotel with poor value

hotel rooms generally in hk be the small , so the small size of the room be not a shock or problem , it just smell dirty . the mouldy smell be very strong , and with the ac turn to   it be bearable . however , when we adjust up the temp   so go the smell . i think the corridoors be dark and dinghy . we be pay     hk per night per room plus     hk per person for breakfast . not very good value . the room be tired and need refurbinshing . i ahve a feeling that not all the rooms be the same in this hotel   not include the club level , i think that some area have be renovated . overall it be bearable , but you would plan to be in the room as little as possible . the tv be great , the shower water hot , the bath clean , the sheet clean , and the breakfast be ok . if you be book this hotel   ask about the age of your room for the money you be pay

my wife and i stay in this hotel   april  

we stay at the metropark , causeway bay and would highly recommend it . we stay for   night and find the hotel staff to be friendly and helpful , the rooms be spacious and clean with excellent facility and the hotel itself have a roof top pool and jacuzzi , sauna and gym . the hotel be situate minutes from the tin hau station on the mtr . we would also recommend get a   day tourist pass card for the mtr as it include the airport express   we definitely get our money 's worth . you pay a deposit for the card and can get this back at the airport when you leave

we stay at the metropark for the first time en route to australia in january and then return to the uk in april . we be treat courteously by all staff and nothing be too much trouble for any of them . the buffet in the cafe du parc in the evening be terrific value with so much variety , plus a discount of     for guests . the chef be very accomplish and cook on request , suggest dish besides the special of the day . vic 's bar have a happy hour with live music from a very talented young couple and the atmosphere be great . the breakfast be also superb

we stay at the metropark for five night from   march   upon check in we be inform that our room be not yet ready and be ask if we want to go and wait in their lounge area . the valet desk keep our suitcase for us and would be bring up to our room when it be assign to us . we be give a voucher to get a free tea coffee soft drink which be gratefully use

fantastic stay in the metro park , incredible view from roof top swim pool , and from room , expecially at night . i smell a slightly smoky smell from our room , on first arrival , maybe it be a smoking room once upon a time . apart from that , great location ,   minute walk to the nearest metro station , and tram stop . order disneyland hong kong ticket through the hotel , which be brilliant   and very empty in the park

my partner and i come to hong kong for a holiday . his first time here , my second . we be both really impress with everything the hotel have to offer

the hotel service be great answer question about hong kong , room cleaniness be fine , concierge be helpful . the location best of all be excellent . very close to the subway station and the hong kong library . also close to a large park

stay in an executive parlour room on floor   the decor in this room be modern and stylish and there be a lot of space . the view from the panoramic windows be superb , unobstructed over victoria park to the harbour . the airconditioning unit be quiet enough to not disturb

very friendly hotel locate about   form tin hau mtr station . it 's worth take a suite cost be hk     per night . this sound expensive but include full breakfast for two and free drink and snack in the exec lounge on the   floor between       to       staff be very friendly and quality of service be high . to be honest , i can find fault in most hotel but i have no negative comment on the metropark . i can recommend the vietnamese restaurant about   form the hotel and the tai hoo in causeway bay . this be recommend to us by the bar manager and be excellent quality cantonese

we stay here on feb   for   nights . we have   parlour suite on   floor with excellent view

this be our first trip to hong kong and the far east and i do a lot of research on hong kong area hotels . and my research really pay off because the metropark have it all . the rooms be not large but nicely appoint and very comfortable . the breakfast be excellent in terms of selection and service . and the overall service at the hotel be excellent as well , and especailly appreciate be the friendliness of the staff . not to be funny but there be a mcdonalds very close by , and a mtr call tin hau be across the street . another huge plus and especially if you have child be that victoria park be across the street from the hotel

this be our first overseas family holiday and even though my wife and i be experience traveller this be the first time that we have take our child abroad with us , so alot of careful planning and research go into place to make sure that the hotel that we choose meet our needs . thanks to trip advisor i be able to conclude my research and choose the metropark . the hotel be rate as a four star and i must say it far exceed our expectations . we choose two harbour view suite on the   floor and have spectacular uninterupted view over victoria harbour . the rooms be immaculate and the service be great . the location of the hotel be also fantastic as it be across the road from tin hau station and upon purchase the octopus cards for our family it make our travel plan around hong kong as smooth as butter . the hotel be locate directly opposite victoria park and be only a fifteen minute walk to the main shopping hub of causeway bay . the excelsior hotel which be classify as a four star as well be virtually double the rate of the metropark only because of its location , fifteen minutes up the road      big deal ! ! we will definitely be back to the metropark

this hotel be class as a   star , but be easily   star in uk terms . its be very comfortable , and offer a good buffet breakfast , include western and chinese food . the staff be extremely helpful . there be every possibility i will be go back to hong kong in the next   years , and will definitely use this hotel

my fiance and i travel to hk for chinese new year and also to visit family . through our local travel agent , we go able to get a flight hotel package for seven night for a reasonable price from ny , that include airport transportation

stay here recently on my first trip to hong kong . it be in a very conveniant location and the view be great from the top floor . we upgrade to a suite after see how small the regular rooms be and it be definitely worth it . the suite be a good size , breakfast be good as be happy hour drink between   i would recommend this hotel . price in hong kong be high and i would say this be a good hotel to stay at for the price

it have be note that the standard rooms be quite small and that be correct . i stay in a standard non view room in november   on a four night stay . i have not be to hong kong in more than a decade so it be kind of a new experience for me

we stay for   night here , and i must say it be the smallest hotel room we have experience ever , in hong kong . we have be to hk several times , and be in different establishments . the room in metropark would have to be the smallest , even by hk standards . even though we ask for a non smoking room on check in , they put us in a smoking room . unfortunately we do not notice until we go out for dinner , and come back in the late evening to find out . we complain , and they switch rooms for us that night , which be fine except we have already unpack in the afternoon before we notice ! they do provide access to the internet in the business centre free of charge which be good , and they have free wireless as well on the second floor . location be okay , quite close to the tin hau mtr , but not close to the shopping centre

we have a harbour view room which be almost too small but not quite . we have a   and   month old baby with us so we request a crib   the room be tight with our luggage to walk around but we managed . for a couple , the room would be spacious enough

we stay at the metropark for two week at the beginning of this year end of last . we have an executive parlour suite , which i understand be twice the size of a normal room at just over   m Â ² . the room be tastefully furnish with large windows , the usual beige background colour but enliven by a touch of green from the glass wall of the bathroom . the bathroom be very large , and have a separate bath and shower . the wall be glass but not see through . the bed be , one would have to say firm . the pillow be very comfortable . the television be crt    nothing special

good location for a stop over . a few minutes walk from the mtr underground system and   stop from central station which be the location for victoria peak     star ferry

i would give this hotel   star

metropark hotel causeway bay represent a very much above average hotel that we believe any traveler to hong kong should seriously consider . the hotel be well locate close to transport , convenience store , bakery  the staff be extremely helpful , well train and we consider feel a home away from home . our suite have magnificent view of hong kong harbor , victoria peak and the pool on the top floor have a great view . our bed comfortable , the food for breakfast be very good , and we love the happy hour with great snacking the management of this hotel should be proud of their achievement and we will always return on future visit to hong kong

rooms be cramp at this place . location be so so since space be a premium in hk . not much room to even turn around in the rooms with the bed in place . quite claustrophobic but it might just be because we not want to pay an exhorbitant rates

we have a nice experience at this hotel , we be stay here for   night on the the way back from a month stay in australia . we be in an exec room on the   floor which mean we get a very quick check in on the   floor exec lounge . we actually take over our room at   which be execellant after travel all night from perth . the view from our room be to die for , we have an amazing view over the harbour , stunning at night . the room be spacious , clean and full of all mod con which be expect be that we pay extra for the room . we use the free drink and nibble service in the exec lounge every evening between   and   , this be a nice touch . we also go to the happy hour   of the   night we be there , this be from   to   and good value with   drink for price of one . after that though the drink be a bit expensive . as for the location , the shop and restaurant be just only   minutes walk away . a brisk   minute walk through victoria park will take you to the star ferry which will take you to kowloon shopping area .   dollar one way so cheap . all in all a great stay and would highly reccommend this hotel especially if you can afford the slightly more expensive rooms as the extra service and larger rooms be great value . will stay here again if and when i visit hong kong

recently return from   night at the metropark . must say our   impression be not great , the entrance to the hotel be small and not particulary attractive   however this be just a minor point

book through the hotel â € ™ s website . room be kind of small but we be hardly in it . there be a great makeup mirror for the lady that pop up from the bureau and you will find the blow dryer there . otherwise , there be no outlet in the bathroom . tea bag be provide in the room

we choose metropark causeway bay as be on a bit of a budget , but for a much cheaper option than many of the other hk hotel be an all round good experience

we stay at the metro park for a three night stop oven en route to australia . we be not disappoint and i can only echo the positive review of others

after travel around china for about   days with a tour , i decide to spend another   days in hong kong , just sightsee , eat , and visit relatives . the address say causeway bay , but the mtr station to reach metropark be tin hau , which be right across the street   minutes walk or less . many of my destination to tourist spots , bars , shopping , or favorite restaurant be locate very close to tin hau . on the mtr map , tin hau be right next to causeway bay , then to wan chai , then on to admirality or transfer to tsim tsa tsui then to mong kok , then to central . so location wise , metropark get a   from me

we book this hotel through agoda com and get a non smoking , harbour view room at the   floor . we choose this hotel for the location , relatively good review and the free shuttle service to and from the hkcec we attend a convention    the next best thing to a hotel beside the hkcec

we stay at the metropark for   night before our trip to bali . the location of the hotel be great   the mtr be very near to the hotel . the breakfast be superb . the room we have on the   floor have no view and be quite small but nicely furnished . the view from the roof be amazing . the pool and the jacussi be great although a bit cold ! !

have read numerous good review about this hotel i decide to book for   days . we have absolutely no regret and would stay there again . as we do have plenty time , we be able to sit a couple of hours on three suny afternoon at the pool terrace . the view be wonderful

my wife and i stay in a parlour suite room on the   floor for   night in june . i can quite honestly say it be the best hotel we have ever stay in and the view of hong kong from our room be just indescribable . it be a simply wonderful experience throughout   can not wait to go back ! ! thank you metropark

we love this hotel . we get a free upgrade to a harbour view room and this really make a difference as we be not overlook at all , we have sweep view over the park towards the harbour , and we could watch the nightly laser show directly out of our window . as a contrast the non harbour view rooms be very close to the adjacent tower block . as others have mention , the rooms be small , but be very comfortable . ask for a high floor to be further away from road noise if this bother you

we just spend nine delightful night here and we ca n't recommend the place highly enough . definitely spend the extra buck for the view over victoria park sport fields out to the harbor    it 's especially lovely at night . the rooms be big enough , if short on storage , with unusually comfortable bed for china . while the bathroom do n't have tub , the shower be more than large enough for two very nice ! . the in desk vanity be a lovely touch my wife really like , the place be spotlessly clean , and the ac works great , which be crucial in the steamy climate

stay for   night on a stop over . hotel be ok , similar to uk style travel inns . room be basic and small and bathroom good . have nice view to harbour . near to mrt stop about a   minute walk and close to convenience store . roof top pool wa nice and welcome relief after a days sightseeing . overall no fault , though not spectacular by any

stay here two nights . good location   easy to get to the main sights by taxi or tram . immediate area have great shopping . hotel friendly , clean , bar great and breakfast delicious . room large , great bathroom and view over the city . staff friendly and attentive . highly recommend

just a couple of minutes walk from the mtr stop . fantastic view from rooftop pool . the buffet breakfast be superb and not as expensive as i have fear

i stay in this hotel in august for   nights . there be a group of   of us and we be all really impressed . i have a harbour view room and it be great . the room be quite spacious and certainly not cramp ! we have two big single bed and a desk etc and plenty of space

this hotel be perfect for sight seeing . there be a metro stop directly opposite and the bus and tram all stop right outside on the main road . there be a couple of shop next to the hotel where you can buy water etc . grant the hotel be right at the end of causeway bay so it take   mintes to walk to the centre but even late at night there be no problem and if you want you could jump on the metro and take this instead or one of the trams . the staff be very helpful and nice even when i be make the book they tell me about a promotional rate which have not be released . we do n't eat in the hotel , it be however difficult to find place for breakfast in hong kong so if it be a prioriy to have breakfast before you start sight see it might be worth take it in the hotel . the room whilst not huge be adequate but we do n't spend much time in it as we find there be so much to do

we stay in a standard room no view . they be not really big   sq . m but service and cleaningness be as we could expect from a four star hotel

after reading some rave review i think i be expect more from this hotel than we got . the bed be comfortable and the rooms modern   but there be a distinct whiff of stale tobacco now and again in our non smoking room . would have like a bath as well as a shower and we have to reserve   rooms for   of us as only   bed be possible in the rooms . the    harbour view     from our rooms , which have cost us extra , would have be better describe as a     tennis court    view

stay in this hotel in august   stop over on the way to australia . the hotel be a little out of the way however be very near to a metro station for access to the main sites . the hotel be clean and modern and there be an office on the first mezzanine floor where you can book day trip which we find extremely useful as we could n't find anywhere else we could book trip , although i guess we be look in the wrong place

my family and i stay here from july   through august   and could not have be more please with the hotel . book hotel directly through the hotel 's website , after tax and fee end up be around   upon arrival our room be upgrade to a suite . the size of the suite be good , plenty of room for my wife , our two child age       and me . the only thing i would change be the bed size , we end up with two single bed which be a bit of a tight squeeze , would have be nice to maybe have a pull out sofa

i stay   night at this hotel and could not be more please with the room and the service . the hotel staff be corteous and efficient . the concierge be very helpful in give travel tips . the room be small but clean and comfortable . there be a converter in one of the drawers , which be a blessing when i need to charge my cellphone . the gym and pool be excellent and have gorgeous view of victoria park . the hotel have a free shuttle that take you to the shopping area and convention center . there 's free internet access on the   floor business center and also at the public library a few block away . i find it easy to walk to various mtr stations and to walk to the shopping area . there 's a grocery store down the street from the hotel , which make it very convenient to buy water and snacks . i would definitely stay at this hotel again

we stay at the metropark causeway bay for   night at the end of our honeymoon in may   the rest of the honeymoon be spend in australia . we book on the hotel website mainly base on the high marks the hotel get on tripadvisor . it seem to be the best value available on a decent room in a good location with a good view

overall this hotel be below par for me . see my other hotel review and you will see the benchmark to which review hotels . i arrive at   ad everything seem fine and the guy confirm my room be ready . his colleague look at the computer and they say i would need to wait a while and this be   , but they do give me a free beer while i wait so be not too bothered . fifteen minutes later they tell me the room be ready and i be give one on the   floor

excellent experience

i book this have read the review here and be force to book a suite because our young child and baby could not be accomodated in a standard or deluxe room . as it be we have to have our son on exist bed with us two single bed or otherwise take two rooms but they do n't have any connect available so our family would have be seperated . we find this a problem all around hong kong where rooms be small

i stay at this hotel back in   it be quite good for the price , but really hard to walk to from the metro station . it take me forever to find the place . there be many restaurant within   min walk , but just around the hotel there be not much

stay for   night in an exec level room on the   floor   i think , this be important because the view be just outstanding  the even number rooms have the harbour view

my husband and i have a harbour view executive parlour room which be clean , comfortable and spacious with a seperate lounge area . the bed be particularly comfortable and make for a good night 's rest , especially as the hotel be quiet . there be a generous bowl of fruit in the room to welcome us

upon my arrival all the staff here be very very very helpful and friendly . it make me feel very comfortable , everyone from the check in , receptionist , concierge , business lady the most helpful and nicest person , up to the housekeep lady . the room sure be tiny , yet very clean and comfy . the location be great , just a minute walk from the tin hau mtr station , bus station and tram . the hotel also have their own free shuttle to wan chai and causeway bay area , which be very convenient . another interesting find be that the hotel be just next to a coach service that go to shenzhen , so it will be a breeze should anyone need a quick trip there . find food be easy around the area , as there be supermarket , convenience store just down stairs , not to mention some restaurant and also a pub near by

the room be very small . i be give a smoking room at the beginning but reception replace the room for me later on

i only stay   night , i could n't fault it in anyway , and the view from the roof be simply stunning

we stay at this hotel for our first wed anniversary and it be amazing . we go in february   , which be a good time of year to visit hong kong   warm but not too smoggy . also it be the chinese new year celebration , which be a spectacle to behold ! we would highly recommend this hotel

the hotel be in an excellent location , a stone 's throw from tin hau mtr , tram and bus stop plus only around   minute walk through victoria park to causeway bay with times square shopping on your doorstep

i have be to hong kong a few times and stay at different hotel but beside the langham monkok , i find other hotel quite old and not really worth the money . this time as budget traveller , we book ourselves into this metropark hotel and be quite nervous with the quality of a   about    night deal include breakfast for   and free non wireless broadband internet and a harbour view . but when we get there , we could n't be any happier . this hotel be far better than some much more expensive one i have stay at in hong kong . the hotel be cute and quite small with contemporary decoration . the room be also small but very new and well decorated . both the bedroom and bathroom be as clean as new with a big shower i personally do n't like shower over the bathtub so to me this be a plus . the service be wonderful , the staff be very helpful and friendly . we borrow umbrella from the hotel and return the wrong one once , but they do n't make a big deal out of it . we actually have   people but i only book in for   as it require on the website but no one really care anyway not that any hotel i have stay at in hk be bother by that . buffet breakfast at the cafe be decent and cost about   guest with hotel discount . since our group have   people and   medium size luggage , taxi from the airport back to the hotel would cost about   include toll and luggage charge at   . the bus would be much cheaper at   but with a lot of luggage + bad weather , there be n't many choices . the hotel be   min walk to tin hau mtr station and about   min walk to timesquare and soho area . the area around the hotel at night do n't have many activity compare to park lane hotel causeway bay but you can easily walk there or pay   for mtr ticket from tin hau to causeway bay station or   for a taxi ride . if there 's anything about this hotel that i would complain about , that would be their kinda thin toilet papers    d heehee . i would definitely come back

have to agree with recent reviews . super location for transport with the mtr , bus and tram to take you around the city just a few hundred yard away . bus to stanley and aberdeen etc be also just up the road from the tram stop

a fantastic modern hotel situate in the heart of causeway bay and well place to explore a wonderfully bustle city . the staff be incredibly helpful and the room very reasonable and clean . the bar have a real atmosphere karaoke a definite draw but obviously not to everyone 's taste ! and the food serve be of a good quality . all in all well worth a visit consider the very reasonable price to stay

this hotel have good access to the centre , and staff be very helpful and friendly . the hotel be clean and the rooms comfortable . breakfast be very good with lots of

it be easy to get to the underground , hop on a tram or get on a bus from the metropark causeway bay . staff be friendly and very helpful . rooms be clean , small but functional . when you visit hong kong you do n't want to stay in the room much which be fortunate for us as our room be at the back and look directly across into another block of flats and our friend room look into a block of flats that be be renovated newly build and be surround by green netting . no , we be not give a view over the harbour   do you have to pay extra for that we wonder ? there be no lounge to sit in only a few chair and low table by the lift or in the bar . however the staff go out of their way to serve us when we have n't book a table in the restaurant and we only want a snack . they move table , lay it with white stiff cloth and napkin and serve us in the foyer outside the restaurant   the food still taste good and we be appreciative . each morning someone knock on the door to see if we have any laundry we want doing . we have stay at the sister hotel in kowloon but this be more convenient and we would stay here again

we be look for a comfortable hotel for an extend stay in hk and definitely find it at the metropark causeway bay

fantastic hotel . centrally located . the staff be great   their service level be above and beyond expectations . and the rooms be amazing . even if you do n't have a harbour view room and it 's a real shame if you do n't you can still take the lift up to the roof , to the pool , and see the great view from there

we have just return from a week at this hotel and simply can not fault it . it be the most professional , welcome hotel we have ever stay at anywhere in the world . i have break the review down into the particular area

i stay at the metropark for   days in may ,   we have book a double room . i be travel with my adult son and they do not have a room with twin bed when we check in . they provide a roll away free of charge , however for the first   nights . we check out for one night at macau and be provide a twin room when we returned . our room be an executive parlor room with a great view of the harbor and victoria park . the room be large , with a small sit area . the staff be very helpful . they provide free internet access through computer at the executive level check in . breakfast be a small but excellent buffet with terrific coffee at the executive level check in . you could also go to a restaurant . the room be attractively furnished . the room be quiet with little to no noise from other rooms . they have a complimentary happy hour in the evening . the bed be firm but comfortable . the bathroom be large and well design with a separate shower and tub . there be a subway stop   block from the hotel , and it be on the same line with a stop connect to the airport express . we take the taxi to the city stop for the airport express because we have a couple of large bag and do n't want to lug them up the flight of stairs at the top of the subway station . there be many excellent restaurant one subway stop way from the hotel or a short walk if do n't mind the excercise . the subway line also connects a few stop away to the line that go to kowloon . we enjoy our stay at the hotel and would stay there again if we return . there be a small market at the end of the same block if need water or snack and do n't want to pay mini bar prices . there be also a   restaurant in the immediate area , be not great , but you 're only a few block from an area with lots of shopping and restaurant

the metropark causeway bay hotel be an excellent place to stay for business or leisure . the propery be in an excellent location , close to the shopping district and a rather large park for hong kong . from your room , you have a sweeping view of hong kong island to your leave and ahead , and a panoramic view of the harbor . the rooftop pool also provide for an excellent vantage point to those area , as well as the hill and building behind the property . the workout facility on the top floor be also above average . service be above average for the city , and the building be immaculately clean . the hotel bar be a nice place to wind down after a long day . it be not a luxury or boutique hotel , but it be an excellent value for the money . my only real criticism be the size of the room , which i find to be small pursuant to european and asian standard extremely small compare to american equivalent . perhaps i am too sensitive to the size of the room give my own dimension   , but these review be design for the subjective as oppose to the objective . if i could rate the property a four and a half , i would do it . since i do n't have that option on tripadvisor , the small room , specifically the small bed , bring it down to a four . there be other , better hotel with larger rooms on hong kong island , but you will pay extra . all in all this be a great hotel and worth the price of admission

stay from the   april to the   of may   , i book this hotel base on the review post on tripadvisor , and i be n't disappointed . the hotel room i stay be a harbour view room on th   floor , which have a nice view ,     be quite clean . but the room size be quite small . other then that i ca n't fault the service in the hotel , the staff be friendly     helpful , and the buffet breakfast be great , from a full english breakfast to a continental breakfast

we stay on the executive floor   large comfortable space with a good view . a good breakfast . a nice pool and health club on the roof . attentive service . will return

i arrive april   , leave may   for business   thank goodness i decide on metropark causeway bay . i book a panorama executive suite   the room be very large , clean and bright with comfortable furniture and fully equipped . the view be spectacular and the extra include be worth the upgrade . i have a huge bowl of fresh fruit deliver each monday , daily paper at my door , pm turndown service replace any use towel , free breakfast offer from either the restaurant or the private panorama lounge , which then offer free cocktail and snack from       to       daily and free broadband from all rooms . the panorama staff be there for your every whim   the staff throughout actually . maintenance be great and the room be always spotless , others be always around the hotel polish , staff will deliver almost anything you require within minutes . the concierge area offer free daily shuttle service that drop guest at the convention centre in wanchai several times in the morning from where you can continue to your destination very conveniently . there be two pm pick ups from this same location . the pool   gym area have the best view in town of the harbour and victoria park

i book this hotel base on other review and be very happy and please with both the location and roof top pool along with a reasonable rate for hong kong . this hotel have one of the best pool and view in hong kong . i love the location be in a chinese neighborhood and not in a touristy area like kowloon

basically , the metropark be one the best hotel in hong kong , base upon the price location facilities formula . it 's locate next to an mtr station , it 's a   hkd cab ride from central , and have everything that a more expensive business class hotel would offer but at a third of the price of the competition

i pick this hotel because of the great review from tripadvisor â € ¦ and frankly i be a bit disappoint â €

we stay in a parlour suite on the   floor for a week . the room be large with a superb view over the harbour and a big bathroom . these rooms also have broadband , lounge area and bar , and modern design . everything be spotlessly clean , the staff be friendly and helpful , and the breakfast be excellent chinese and western food available . the roof top pool be a real bonus . we could n't fault the hotel , and we also get a discount price through the hotel website . the location be excellent as the tram line and mtr stations be   minutes walk away

stay here for   night in march    nice clean room . small but who cares . staff very friendly . location in causeway bay be fine , its a   minute walk to the tin hau mtr station . all in all a great hotel . we pay     can per night

use the metropark as a stopover for   night en route to australia . on arrival at   our rooms be n't quite ready but the staff make every effort to prepare the room as soon as possible still early morning . the staff be very polite , courteous and understanding that we be very tired ! have harbour view rooms , which be spotless , and well furnished . the buffet dinner and breakfast be both excellent value for money . location be very good , next to victoria park and a short walk from the main shopping areas . nothing be too much trouble for the staff . door be open whenever we leave or enter the building , staff greet us with brolly bag upon our return from a heavy shower ! well do metropark

there be several 'metropark ' hotel in hk . this be about the metropark in causeway bay . we have some celebrate to do so pay a bit extra and book a parlour suite on the top floors . this be an excelent choice . the rooms be larger , the view across hong kong harbour be stunning , and the parlour 'extras ' turn an ordinary stay into a very special and memorable stay . these extra include use of the panorama club on the   floor , buffet breakfast , evening cocktail , free broadband ,   p .m . checkout , personalise express checkin checkout in the panorama club . in other words   'a grade ' treatment that make you feel very special . our room be great ,   floor with magnificent harbour view , huge bathroom , and great service . the staff in the panoramam club be great   speak good english and friendly , helpful and charming . they know the local area and organise a great restaurant for our final night in hk . get around hk from the metropark be easy . the hotel have a shuttle bus but we do n't use it . we buy octopus store value cards and use them to travel from the adjacent subway station and then on the star ferry and peak tram . hk be a very easy city to get around , and this hotel be in a great location

the hotel location be not far from causeway bay where all shopping can be do , but better take the tram which only cost  

we have just return from a   night stay at the metropark causeway bay . my husband and i be very impress by the service and cleaniness of the hotel and rooms

we stay two night in march at this great hotel . the thing we particularly love be it 's position . it be so simple to get to everywhere use either the tram , which be steps away , the mtr , which be just across the road , or a bus from outside the hotel

good place to use as a base to explore . short walk to the underground train , tram and plenty of bus and taxis

stay here for three nights . there be a subway station   metre from the hotel so not sure why someone say it be far . the staff here be very helpful and polite . the rooms be n't the biggest but this be hong kong . you get a great view of the harbour light show and the breakfast be one of the best for value and choice for this star rating . if you 're into exercise you can have a good workout with a stunning view from the   floor

great stay . contemporary , nice rooms . helpful staff . center of mong kok , a bit far from the subway , but that 's not the hotel 's fault   

we have a harbour view room , which be characterless and compact but clean and comfortable . my husband say it be everything he want in a business hotel , with a good desk , comfortable bed and tea coffee make facilities . the bathroom be well maintain and very clean . our shower there be no bath be large and lovely . we have an angle view of the harbour over victoria park , which be lit up and choke with crowd for the annual market   we be in hk over lunar new year

stay at the metropark jan   , and again this time in jan feb   both times have be great

stay there twice during our trip in asia and oceania . efficient , friendly and comfortable ! there be not much to say because our stay be so easy breezy with total contendness as testify by other guest

this hotel be beautiful . all glass and marble . view be terrific and pool on roof an real treat . transportation withing one block both subway , tram , and bus . travel agency in hotel very helpful as be all of the staff . recommend highly

stay here for a week in january in a harbour view room

after a lot of research and a lot of advice from this website we book a long stay package   night at the metropark

i stay for   night at the start of december . this be my first trip to hong kong as a stopover to australia . i be in a harbour view room on the   floor . the room be lovely and a perfect size if you 're sightsee as you only need it to put your head down at night

stay there for   days at the beginning of the year . although a bit far remove from central and the business district , the hotel be locate close to a mtr station and it be easy to hail a taxi

stay here   night in an executive suite . standard room be very small and be very close to neighbor bldg . other than the suite , rooms be small . location be good except you really have to be careful cross   street when go to the hotel from the closest tin hau mtr station exit exit b i believe . use exit   from tin hau mtr station be an extra couple of minute walk but a lot safer to cross   streets . desk lamp and tv remote do n't work that well initially . cleanliness so so . old tv . service and food so so . quite expensive eat at their restaurant all   meal . have a bit of damp smell maybe from the ac in the suite . not sure if i would stay here again . pool be nice and offer great view but it be not heated

we enjoy our   night stay at the metropark causeway bay . we have a standard harbour view room on the   floor . above the   floor be the executive rooms with sit area , etc . we think the room be quite luxurious and have everything we could possible need . we also manage to get a great rate through an on line agency gb Â £   per night , room only

me and my boyfriend stay for four night in   and think it great value

firstly i do n't enjoy hong kong at all .   days be quite long enough but the save grace be the metroparkcauseway

stay here at the metropark for four night mid november . look at a number of hotel , but the metropark offer the best value . i book through the hotel own website . get a harbour view room for about   euro for   night

we stay for a two night stopover on our way to australia . although our harbour view room be small it be nonetheless first class . the location make it ideal for the tourist as you can easily access victoria peak , cbd and kowloon cheaply and easily via the excellent rail system . tin hau station be virtually opposite the main entrance to the hotel

we have a harbour view room which be nice , but the hotel be not very exciting . we never have breakfast there , it be very expensive . the pool on the top floor be not heated but look nice . the room ok in size . the location be a little off , but fairly close to a metro station . information from the concierge be not reliable . would probably not stay there again

stay   ,   beautiful hotel and central location , only   minute walk to mtr

we recently stay at this hotel follow review from other travellers . it be our first visit to hong kong

the metropark be a very basic but functional hotel . the rooms be really smallish , but they be the standard in hongkong . we be upgrade to harbourview rooms and glad that they do because the standard rooms be in the back of the hotel , no view there save for the concrete jungle . broadband be free , even if not wi fi , other hotel in hongkong still charge for internet access . use the shuttle to go to the convention center , very convenient . staff be helpful , speak english , housekeep do their job . no iron     board , no alarm clock , safe not big enough to hold my notebook . so i just leave my computer in the room , nobody be interested in take it

we stay at metro park causeway bay for   night in november   although we enjoy an inexpensive special rate for this stay , we will not hesitate to stay at metro park again even if we have to pay regular rate . it be an excellent facility with courteous and efficient staff . the room be quiet and well decorated . the housekeep be impeccable and consistent . for each of the   night , we return to a tidy and spotless room . metro park causeway bay be right across the street from tin hou mtr station subway . the free hotel shuttle bus to convention and exhibition centre and the main shopping district in causeway bay be a convenient amenity

have just return after spending   night here . it be a lovely hotel , great value for money compare to other hotel in hong kong

this hotel be one of the newest build in hong kong . it be modern , clean , compact , and the service shame most other hotels . the hotel itself be not particularly grand , but extremely clean , with lovely big shower and big , comfy beds . the swim pool on the   floor be wonderful , as you still feel part of the city although you 're immerse in the water

we arrive in hk early and be able to get our suite by   as well as enjoy the complimentary breakfast . we appreciate the fact that the staff understand how tired we be from traveling . we book the metropark for its location and the availability of a suite . they have long staying rates that make it cheaper than just book online . the suite have a bathroom with a separate shower and tub in the room and toilet outside in the live room . my only complaint about the room be that the bed and pillow be too soft . everything else be great

we stay in one of the hotel executive palour suite rooms for three night in november and find it to be vwry good the hotel be very convenient for the mtr underground system and a short walk from the shopping and restaurant at causeway bay

this hotel look great from the website photo but be not as flash in reality in some parts . the room have a great view but smell horrible . the corridor smell the same . we need to change rooms and the next room smell musty too . small rooms , average bathroom , very expensive over rate breakfast , but great service , very friendly

we see pretty good review of this hotel on tripadvisor so decide to book it . there 's quite a few metropark hotel in hong kong . this one be towards the west of the centre of hong kong island . it 's right opposite tin hau tube station which be on the island line of the mtr

i stay at the metropark in september have book it with the hotel directly and get a long stay package and an executive suite . i be there for   night stay in a room with my mum and my aunt

we stay there for   night in late october

i stay here on a business trip for   nights . the hotel be locate well away from the harbour and our room overlook a run down build

we book a long stay   night package for an

we book this hotel through british airway at a very reasonable rate

we be just not use to the excellence of service and value for money that you can get in hong kong in general and metropark be particularly good . we love

this be a strange one . my wife and a friend of ours visit , have book through an online travel agency . when the   of us arrive to check in the staff clearly have two seperate document for two rooms , one for two people , the second for one they only check two of us in   myself and our friend , into one room . with two single beds . they     upgraded    us but then get upset when i tell them they have it wrong . it seem they totally ignore my wife who be stand next to me because she do not hand her passport over we have , wrongly , assume one per soon , not everyone 's . this set the tone of the visit as it be like deal with the civil service or prefect at school . have sort out the book we then wait over an hour for luggage to come   i go to get it myself which cause some sort of action have have reception tell me   minutes earlier it be already on it 's way to

my boyfriend and i stay at the metropark for a week in september and can not fault it ! it be excellent value for money , the staff be friendly and helpful , the rooms be clean and modern we do n't have a harbour view room but by go to the roof you have excellent view across victoria park and the harbour . all the usual amenities be available , we do n't eat at the hotel as there be so many good and cheaper , i think the breakfast buffet works out at around Â £   a head restaurant around

stay here for four night on a stopover return from australia . we choose it because it be pretty cheap for hong kong , but have get good review on here . overall it be a good choice . the rooms be nicely appointed . true , they be small , but that 's the norm for hong kong . if you want big and spacious , you 'd better get a suite somewhere ! location be fine . you be just on the edge of causeway bay . so close enough to enjoy the hustle and bustle , but far enough away to escape it too . tin hau underground station be a two minute walk form the hotel , so you can get anywhere in the city very quickly . one of the hotel best feature be the roof top pool on the   floor . if you be lucky and get clear weather the view be amazing . the worst feature be possiby the view or lack of it if you have a room on the back of the hotel . have we realise that we would be stare straight into someone apartment opposite , we would have pay the extra money for a room at the front with some sort of view . due to this we feel the need to keep our curtain close most of the time we be in the room . we do not use the hotel restaurant , for two reasons . firstly it 's bill as franco japanese fusion . that combination do nothing for my appetite ! plus they have live entertainment , in the form of some local crooner . every evening on our return from the days exploit we 'd hear them whilst we wait for the lift in the lobby . this little taster of what be on offer do not tempt us to go down for a bigger help ! i guess overall , i would say this be a good place to lie your head for the night , and catch a few ray on the roof . beyond that , this be not a hotel to hang around in and enjoy

nice place at a really decent price for proper hong kong hotel we book through a thai website , great deal . it be not in centre of town but be   second from a tube line or you can do what we do every day for fun and get the tram that run all the way into the city . pool on top be small but lovely for relax after hot days sightseeing . so easy to get anywhere from here

we have just return from hong kong where we spend the first   night of our honeymoon at the metro park hotel . i have book the room through the website     asiarooms com    and have pay extra for a harbour view room and have tell them that we be a honeymoon couple

we love the metropark . on arrival we be upgrade to an executive suite which be great as we have a   year old boy so it give that extra room that make all the difference

we stay at the metro park for   night at the end of july   their price be very reasonable and location close to the mtr and victoria park be a big plus . my wife be training for a marathon and she be worry she would n't feel safe run in hk . but victoria park be wonderful for her training and she feel very safe . the park would also be ideal for families .

our visit to hk and macau include a stay at the metropark hotel in causeway bay . we book through the hotel website which be seamless and have great rates for the holiday season

  june

when we come through hong kong in june after an absence of several years we decide to stay on the hong kong side , as a change from kowloon where we have always stay previously

we stay in the metropark hotel , causeway bay for nine night from the   of june . we make our reservation directly via the hotel website and from the moment we arrive we never have to lift a bag or open a door as the service be excellent

me and my husband stay at the hotel for   nigths in april . we find the hotel to be of good standard , nice and modern and clean with good facility and bathroom . the breakfast be good value for money and wish we have eat there on one of our eveings . the location be slightly out of the centre , but this be not an issue as there be underground tube about   min walk from the hotel which take a few minutes to get into the centre and be very cheap and efficent , never wait more than a couple of min for the tube . if you walk , it will take baout       mins . the area feel safe all times of the day . overall a great stop of hotel , pity the weather wasnt slightly better as we would have sue the pool which be situate on top of the hotel roof with amazing view of

my aunt     i stay for   night as part of a tour package . it be a nice hotel w friendly , customer orient service . breakfast part of our package be terrific   much variety . pool have a fabulous view of the bay     victoria park     there be a good exercise room w views . view from room be also very good although hk smog be an impediment . free internet be an unexpected bonus . we feel we get very good value

we stay for three night from may   and be upgrade to a harbour view room with a free breakfast throw in ! the room be spotless and the staff could not be faulted . nothing much more to add as previous rewiewers have already mention the close proximity to tin hau mtr station,bus and tram stop etc

my wife and i choose this hotel from the virgin holiday brochure as part of our far east tour to celebrate my   birthday . we love the hotel , the service , the location and our view be exactly what we hope for . we only stay   night but when we return we will stay there again . breakfast be good even though cheaper meal can be find in the immediate area and late night snack be enjoyable . we do not find out until the last evening of the shopping faciliteis in causeway bay just on our doorstep and when we return we will enjoy these more . overall an excellent hotel with very , very helpful staff

my wife i have have just return from a   night stay at this hotel and can highly recommend it . i would suggest if possible you upgrade your room to a suite we pay an extra     hong kong dollar per night but well worth it   the breakfast come with the room and be excellent . we find we could eat as much as you loke that would see you through the day without the need of pay for a lunch . the service be excellent in this hotel very friendly . if we return to hong kong we would stay there again very easy to get anywhere in hong kong from here with the mtr only yard away and so easy to use very clean and safe . we can highly recommend a stay

we stay at the metropark for   night and have no complaint at all

my husband and i really enjoy our week in hong kong . a suite at the metropark be good value , we have excellent view and appreciate the quiet breakfast and afternoon tea in the panorama lounge . free use of the pc enable us to keep in easy contact with home . a swim in the pool be lovely after a day sightseeing . the location , off the main road , be great with easy access to public transport . the staff be very attentive

i stay at this hotel with my husband for three night in may   we have a disappointing start with this hotel . we arrive in hong kong quite late at night . we check in to our room go midnight to find that we have be give a room with two separate singles beds . when we book our holiday we have specifically request a double room . my husband go back to reception to request a double room and be tell that they have all be give away . we be tell we could be move the next morning . the annoy part be that we be not inform of this when we check in and we get the impression that they have hope we would not notice . true to their word though they do move us and our luggage the next day . the hotel itself be very nice and clean . at first i think the hotel be not in an ideal location but after spending the day in the hustle and bustle of hong kong it be nice to get away from the crowds . the train service in hong kong be fantastic , so as long as you use that then location should not be a problem . room service be fantastic , and the buffet breakfast be also good . overall the staff be friendly and helpful and i would stay there again . if you want a room with a room make sure you ask for it as parts of the hotel overlook a residential area

we stay at the metropark from the   to   april . harbour view room be brilliant over look victoria park . the hotel service be superb . good breakfast buffet and dine facilities . the view from the roof top pool and the fitness room be again excellent . the hotel be very close to the mtr , bus and tram just purchase an octopus card when you arrive in hong kong . visit china and macau during our stay . we will definitlely stay at the metropark when we visit hong kong again

just return from the most fabulous hotel experience ever

have read the review on here we decide to book the metropark for our   night stay in hong kong and find that we get the best rate through thomson 's travel agent rather than various web site

when we arrive at the hotel late at night tired from our trip , we be greet by very loud and unpleasant karaoke sing at the lobby . then we be give a room smell of cigarette or what ever that smell was . even we pay more for a habour view room , we be give a room with only a partial view . we complain about the smell and the view , the receptionist tell us that the hotel be partially block by another building and it 's not possible to have a full view . we be also tell that the veiw would be better in the morning ? ! ! ! we know it 's not true because we see some of the picture on this site . we be tired and do n't want to bother about the view but the smell really bother us so we ask to change to another room . this new room that we be give still have the smell . we be totally disappoint with this hotel because we think it would be good after reading the review

simply the best value suite in hong kong . great position , fantastic view , good breakfast , helpful staff . avoid their karoke bar at night though

i have stay in hong kong many many times on business   on an expense account . when i have to reach into my own pocket i ask business contact where they stay when they come to hong kong with their family and universally they say the metropark in causeway bay . we upgrade to a suite and we strongly recommend such upgrade . the suite be a very good size compare to many higher price hotel that i have stay in e .g . , conrad , island shangri la . one great value be the   only   yard from the hotel entrance at which you can buy water snacks noodles . the internet work fantastic and the location be great   especially if you be willing to take   minutes to learn to use the subway . there be a real bath in the bathroom which my wife like and the suite have a small second bathroom so that two sink could be in use at the same time when we be get ready to go out . downside   the airconditioner do n't quite seem to work . also i have some business in town so ask the front desk for an official exchange rate statement for calculate my expense and they do n't want to give me one and finally make me feel like i be a jerk for ask for one . other than that   on your own dime in hk   i strongly recommend this . hk be small and you can taxi everywhere from the hotel

i stay at the metropark for   night in march base on the review here . the hotel be great   terrific value . thanks to everyone who post

my husband and i stay here for   night     april and could really say for the cost it

have recently stay at the metropark hotel in causeway bay from   march     march   in hong kong , i can highly recommend this hotel to traveller look for accomodation . this hotel be very well locate close to tin hau station which have many bakery and restaurant to victoria park and the shopping area of sogo

to be honest , after reading all rave review on this hotel , we be

we be there the first week of march . for what we pay , this be one of the best deal for hotel in hong kong . the hotel 's location be very convenient , right next to a mtr station . the hotel be fairly new . the room be nicely decorate , and big enough for the   of us . we eat at the cafe de coral , and the dim sum restaurant near the hotel

this be a beautiful hotel we ask if po a room with a view of hong kong we have a really good room and view at no extra cost but only quarter of hotel rooms have a good view so ask yes it be a bit out of hong kong this make no difference as the public transport be from another world right out side be the metro which run every   min to anywhere this be a nice place in general there be me and my wife and two son     we always feel safe even in of beat area such as pifer street market monkock a must when we come home we can see what england have lose

we stay in the metropark for   night out of five in hk , where the first two be spend in l'hotel just round the corner   i have post a review for l'hotel also , so the location comment be very similar , but to re iterate   

my husband an i have a one night stay at the hotel . i suppose after the favourable review , my expectation of the hotel be raise , so much so that i be a little disappointed . the room be clean alright , but so small and it be face an office block . so the expectation about a good view be quashed . it be locate opposite the tin hau mtr station , exit   not many people seem to know the hotel , and we nearly drag our luggage and walk all the way to causeway bay . you see several people that we ask for direction do n't seem to know the hotel , and when they hear causeway bay , they just point us to the causeway bay direction . my husband spot two tall building just opposite the station and decide to walk over to check them out while i stay with the luggages . luckily he do that as otherwise we would be walk the next       minutes towards the causeway bay direction for nothing

what a great hotel . the staff be excellent as well as he room . the view from the roof spa area magnificent

we stay at the metropark causeway bay in jan feb   the hotel be new and the rooms be newly furnish , clean and neat and have internet access

it have be an ambition of mine to visit hong kong for many years , so i check with trip adivsor for an hotel     opt for the metropark ,     boy be i glad that i do

we myself , my wife and two kids,ages   and   stay at the metropark hotel in hong kong this past january for   night

the hotel be reasonably central in hong kong island , be a couple of minutes walk from the metro station and then only a couple of stop to central shopping and sights . there be a park almost opposite , which be good for a stroll in the morning , away from the bustle

our room be small , but it be very clean , pleasantly decorate and come with a free internet connection . breakfast be not include but you can enjoy it at nearby restaurant like the local do   well , you â € ™ ll have to get use to crowd place and sharing tables . within half a block there â € ™ s a laundry shop that will wash your cloth by weight . within a block there â € ™ re bus stop and a subway station . around the corner there â € ™ s a supermarket and a   if you don â € ™ t mind to walk , causeway bay be only   minutes away . if you do n't want to walk , however , the hotel can shuttle you to time square . location be everything and need i say more

stay here in october   this be a really nice , clean , modern and fairly new hotel

location  good  a quiet area away from hustle     bustle of causeway bay shop but   minutes walk close to mtr

stay here for a few days and its a solid hotel in a good location with helpful staff

great value hotel . small rooms and no enormous lobby area but still the quality of luxury hotels . terrific view from harbour view rooms make up for lack of spaciousness

we stay there for   night and be blow away by the view in our room , which we have to upgrade to a suite due to the   unexpected person in our party . it be still super reasonable ! i have to say that hong kong be now my new favorite asian city ! the service at the hotel be great , and the breakfast buffet be very nice , everything be fresh . we choose this hotel due to all the positive review from tripadvisor , and we would will stay there again . convenient location , close to the subway , shopping and restaurants . ca n't wait to go back

great bang for the

stay in the metropark for   night in september . it be clean , helpful , friendly and it 's a good location to get around hong kong . conveniently near the underground . the hotel help us sort out any trip or to find out how to get where we want to . i could n't belive what good value it be

very nice , hotel staff be great     very helpful , room be small common in hk . we pay     plus tax for a standard room with a double bed but when we get there they say they only have single beds available but would upgrade us to a deluxe room , i tell them this be unacceptable as we have reserve in advance     want a double bed . they end up eventually find one in a standard room . it be very clean , the view be of an apartment bldg . directly behind it , bed be comfortable , bathroom be great , but the room have a musty smell to it . i hear the same comment from someone else , so it be n't just our room the in room wireless be appreciated . the location be excellent , causeway bay     be very close to mtr     buses . would definitely stay there again

i stay at the metropark for   night and would happily stay there again when i return . as soon as i arrive , a porter open the door for me and direct me to reception to check in which be quick and efficient . the staff be very polite

this be our first time in hong kong . we choose this hotel after have read the review on trip advisor . we find this to be an excellent hotel for the money . the rooms be spotless and comfortable . i would recomend request a harbour view . the staff be excellent and could not do enough for us . the hotel be a little way out from the main attraction , but you should not be put off by this as the metro stop be just over the road and the metro be cheap and easy to use . the shop of causeway bay be just a   minute walk across the park . this be probably one of the best   star hotel i have stay in , and why waste more money , we be hardly in our rooms anyway , with so much to do and see

my wife and i stay here in nov .   , sorry the review be a bit late

great location and great service . it 's every so slightly off the beaten path , so it 's in a quieter , more authentic , corner of hong kong . but it 's right across the street from an mtr station , the tram , and victoria park . the staff be very friendly and helpful , but their english be not as good as those hotel that be use to have visitor from other countries . still , they try hard and you wo n't have any problem come from an english speaking country . in the two week we stay there , we be the only white people we see , which be nice . the bar be cute and nice for a drink to unwind before bed . the laundry service be exceptional , though overpriced . free high speed internet be very good . the room be a good size , too . overall , a great value . i be tell by someone live in hong kong that this hotel be own by the chinese government , so if that creeps you out some people have vague memory of     red    china be so warned . i do n't see any evidence that we be be spy on or otherwise noticed . in modern hong kong nobody care anymore . overall    a great stay . i 'll be back

we be really happy with our choice of hotel but unless you be only stay a couple of night we be stay   you must have a parlour executive room as the standard rooms be very compact . have say that , the bathroom shower be perfectly adquate . we make a decision to upgrade after a couple of night as we be stay longer and we be really please we did . the parlour executive rooms give you plenty of room to spread out and have great view of the harbour   consider the size of the room and facility it be great value compare to other hotels . it may seem a little far out but do n't be mislead   the metro be   minutes walk and it take   min to get to central . it be in a fairly quiet side street   you will never get away from the traffic noise in hong kong but this be pretty good compare to another hotel we stay in . we only eat breakfast in the restaurant once which be fine and thereafter keep it simple in the panoramic lounge which be free with our upgrade room   only complaint here really be that the selection and sometimes the freshness be n't great but if you stick to normal basics of cereal , toast , yoghurt and fruit it be fine

great experience . we stay for   days . lovely staff , great breakfast . take a room w  a view to victoria bay

the hotel be locate a minute or two walk from a metro stop . the staff be friendly , helpful , and speak english well not surprising in hong kong . the bathroom be a little small , with only a shower stall and no tub

have stay at the metropark causeway bay earlier this year and enjoy this hotel so much i return for a   night long stay package for the whole of november and leave even more impressed . this be a smart busy cheerful modern hotel operate by ct china travel service and there â € ™ s nothing at all pretentious about it , just high standard , spotlessly clean well equip rooms and excellent service from helpful and friendly staff . the harbour view rooms have wonderful panoramic view over victoria park and along the length of the harbour from causeway bay westward beyond central and west kowloon the hotel actually stand on what be once the hong kong island shoreline which many years ago follow the course of tung lo wan road and what you see in front of the windows be nearly all reclaim land . the hotel have   rooms on   floor of which   floor be non smoking and highest floor be devote to â € œ panorama club â €  guest mainly intend for business traveller with special privilege and an exclusive lounge . there be a rooftop swim pool close january and february , jacuzzi and sauna . all rooms have free broadband internet access and laptop patch cable be provide to connect to the room wall socket if you don â € ™ t have your own laptop hk central library about   min walk away have free internet access . there be an excellent breakfast buffet with a good choice of western and asian dishes . it costs a rather pricey hk     but long stay guest get a     discount on food . there be an international dinner buffet and a lively bar which serve snack and have cabaret on most nights . the rooms be on the small side but well furnish and very quiet . i be never once disturb by noise from other rooms or the corridor . the bathroom have shower but no bath which i wouldn â € ™ t imagine would be a problem for most people . security be good with safe in all rooms and cctv in all corridor and lifts . this hotel will please non smokers . although only ten floor be non smoking i never notice a whiff of cigarette smoke in any of the communal area

i stay at the metropark for   night in november and thoroughly enjoy my stay

i recently take my first trip to hong kong , from the uk on     oasis hong kong    , a new airline that 's just start up on the london to hong kong route

we do a   day long stay in an executive suite for the larger room and conviences of a the breakfast buffet excellent selection and other amenities

book this through hotel 's web site real time book option for   hkd + + breakfast include ! stay at     property during the trip   metropark by far give the best value

stay at the metropark for   night have book the long stay package through their website . it be in a harbour view room



my husband and i make our first visit to hong kong this month and want to stay in a nicer hotel that we could afford as twenty somethings , this be very important ! . we researced and learn of the metropark . after read review on this site and others , we opt for the metropark . we have read about the small room size , so we opt for the long stay package , which include a suite and club service ! it be worth the extra cost

i have book my double , harbour view room here well in advance of our stay and arrive duly knackered from our journey from the uk at about   our book include our   year old daughter make three person in all . the rooms be describe as for   person maximum ' on the confirmation book

friendly staff , great view , excellent

i really cant understand the people who get all exit and give   star rating to a hotel only for be clean    metropark hotel be your     motel     on heels     it 's clean , it 's spacious    but that 's it . the bar be horrible , the food suck , the design be terrible . if you be look for the mimimun   cleanliness   go there . if you be look for an experiance   do n't even think about it

the metropark hotel be a very nice hotel , situate in the north of hongkong island . with harbour view rooms you can see sport grounds in front and of course the harbour with all the daily excitement and kowloon mainland . it be a   walk to the metro or to several bus stop

my colleague and i need a more budget minded option for a quick business trip to hong kong from our office in shanghai . base on the review of this site , i book the metropark . i be very pleased . of note for those who might have early morning appointment   the fitness center officially open at   a .m . as the center be directly accessible from the elevator , though , you can go in early should you wish to   as we did . the metropark be just a block down the street from the tin hau subway stop as well . our meeting finish early and we have some time to kill before our outbound flight , so we take the metro one stop to the causeway bay stop hk     each , one way to do some shopping in the large times square shopping center . for those of you who book the hotel shuttle hk     per person , one way , keep in mind that it 's a bus that leave at pre set times with a group of people to drop at various hotel , which may mean you 'll wait a bit for the shuttle to depart like we do and have the delay of stop at various hotel en route like we do

stay at the mertopark causeway bay for   night at the end of september   we take the hotel shuttle bus from the airport as we be arrive very late into hk   last shuttle leave around   costs hk     each but it be a very very luxurious bus and at that time of night it be nice to snooze in comfort . arrive at hotel at   we have book a harbour view room and be upgrade to an executive suite . result ! ! ! first time we have ever be upgrade in a hotel so do n't know what to expect but be very pleasantly surprised . we have two separate rooms , both with spectacular view of the harbour across victoria park . the lounge have a settee , chair , coffee table , large tv , cd player and desk area . there be also a bar area and a second toilet . the bedroom be an ok size but not a lot of room around the bed but when you have get a whole other room to spread out into who 's complaining . there be a second tv which also have a dvd player incorporated . the bathroom be lovely with a large bath and a huge shower cubicle . bed be big and nicely presented . breakfast be serve in the second floor restaurant but finish at   there be nothing in the hotel directory to tell you this so we nearly miss out after have a lie in after our late arrival . there be a great selection on offer . fresh fruit juice and fresh fruit , youghurts , bread and pastry , cereal , all the usual suspect for a cook breakfast , along with dim sum and noodle soup . all good . breakfast for   be hk     Â £     not too bad

i stay at the metropark for three night in september   and have to say i be pleasantly surprised . the room and bathroom be clean and the bathroom instead of the usual shower with curtain over the bath have a wonderful large walk in cubicle with an extremely powerful shower

we book this hotel three days prior to our arrival and do not expect it to be such a clean , friendly , upscale property . our original accommodation fall through and we be frantic trying to find a place that would be comfortable , affordable and in a good location . base on the many prior review , we book one of the executive suite and be so very happy with the room . you check in at the executive club lounge which be so comfortable and quiet and so great after a   hour flight . they can answer any and all question as everyone up there be fluent in english and can provide map , suggestion for restaurant , etc . all of the executive suite have view of the city as well as huge bathrooms . the sit area be great for rest after a long day of tour and the wall mount cd player be an add bonus . breakfast be serve up in the lounge for those in suite but the restaurant have more option include an omlette bar . the workout room be fabulous and you do n't even need your ipod because all the cardio machine face the city and the harbour and the view be breathtaking . i find this hotel on many site but decide to check their website hotel special and find a rate of about     u .s . for the suite incl . breakfast . i have nothing bad to say about this hotel and i have never write a hotel review before but i think this be such a nice hotel for the price and hopefully someone will benefit from my review

stay in   january for ny eve . great , hotel in a centralize area . causeway bay . it 's walkable to the shopping area   min or by tram right outside two stop to the busy shopping area . will definitely stay again

we stay at this hotel for   night at the end of september and find it fantastic both for value and location in hong kong

we be very ppleased with this hotel help by the fact that we be immediately upgrade from a standard to a harbour view room . the rooms be spacious and well appoint , bathroom be excellent and a cd plaer as well as a cable tv be provide

nice , new and clean hotel . great price for long stay

we stay for   night at a suite with a great harbour view

i book an executive suite for my husband , son and i . it have a bedroom,living room , which be use as my son 's bedroom , plus two bathrooms . the suite cost about the same as two separate rooms but it mean we be entitle to use the executive floor , which we find very useful

my son     i stay here aug   , and i must say we have an excellent time in hk . it start when we arrive at the hotel at   come from beijing . we have to go to the   floor to check in because we have an executive clubroom . so i be just expect to drop off my bag     come back in the afternoon to check in . this wasn â € ™ t the case they inform me that i could check in now which be a surprise never happen to me before . after she tell me that i then let them know that my credit cards be cancelled on hold for fraud     that one of them win â € ™ t be active until the next day . i have tell the stupid credit card company     my bank that i be go to asia but the put both my cards on hold after they see charge in beijing . anyways , the check in clerk speak w  the on duty manager     they say that it would be no problem i â € ™ ll just have to leave a night deposit then finish the check in the next day . well all i have be     cash     the room be     after talk to each other a bit in chinese the girl say i could just leave a     deposit leave some cash for me to eat . then they notice that my res be for a double bed but they inform me that the best view room be avail but it only have a king bed w  separate live room plus   Â ½ bahrooms . once we see it my son be sell he love , the room have a sofa , chair , desk w  chair , a bench , bar , entertainment center . then in the bedroom another enter . center . the bathroom be just beautiful   it have a sep shower     huge tub . extra long vanity sink . the entire suite have a panoramic view of the harbor and victoria park . fyi , victoria park be enormous it have like   tennis court ,   basketball court , soccer field ,   swim pool and various other fields if you have kid this be a perfect hotel to stay at . plus around the corner you have mcdonalds ,   eleven , and a game room

my wife and i spend three night at metropark hotel in hong kong in august   we enjoy our stay there , as we have the overall impression to have find a very good compromise comfort location for a reasonable price

we stay at metropark causeway bay for   night from august   ,   the follow be our impression of this property

i stay in hong kong metropark hotel causeway bay for   days . it be one of those     air line ticket plus   days hotel stay    deals . i pay for the rest of the   days     us dollar day . the hotel give me a room with   small double bed i have   people . my wife and i and my   years old kid

my girlfriend and i stay here for five night and be very happy with our choice . it 's a great central location and the staff be very helpful . i 'd encourage anyone visit hong kong to stay here

my husband and i have just stay in hong kong for   nights . highly recommend the metropark hotel , the staff be very friendly and helpful

my husband and i book a harbourview standard room double room , non smoking through wire destination website for a promo rate of s     per night

we stay here for   short period on a   week vacation in asia . we be so jetlagged when we first arrive that it be n't till i wake up in the middle of the first night from the time difference that i realize we do not get the room we have reserved . the photograph on the web book service show a spacious suite with the standard room description and rate . but we be give a compact room with a     view    of a wall of apartment building across the back alley   very claustrophobic ! when this be point out to the hotel they upgrade us to the suite in the photo executive suite for the follow night

we have book for a standard harbourview room for   nights . when we check in , we request for a non smoking room . upon some checking , they do not have any available . the staff then tell us if we do n't mind wait for about   minutes , they be upgrade us to an executive room . wow ! of course we do n't mind wait for a mere   mins . what 's more , we be give free drink voucher which we could use while waiting . so off we go to the bar . oh , and the staff do not forget ask whether we would like to leave our   baggage at the reception     whether we would like to have it send up to our room later

we land in hong kong after a   hour overnight flight . it be   the metropark let us check in right then . we take a dip in the fabulous rooftop pool and relax in the sauna . although the sauna be quite small in the lady locker room . the rooftop pool be really spectacular   nothing like float on your back and watch the hk skyline ! however , the hot tub small pool be not hot at all . i am not sure why . it would have be a nice touch

some of the review on this site be so ott in their praise of the hotel that they could only have be write by the hotel its self . i mean who else would write     complimentary snack be serve between   and   pm    !

our recent   night stay at the metropark april

we have just return from the metropark hotel . we find the hotel decidedly average , the room be titchy , and after our   suitcase there be no room to move ! the room also smell of cigarette even though it be no smoking . on our first morning we have breakfast in the restaurant which be overprice , we never eat there again ! the redeem feature of the hotel be that it be in a great location , it feel far from the craziness of kowloon and yet it take us only   minutes in total from the hotel to anywhere of interest on the mtr . the only thing else that be good be the cheap price , but you certainly get what you pay for â € “ expect no luxury

my wife and i arrive at the hotel on a saturday evening and check in be make so easy by the hotel staff

we stay at the metropark for   night   march   through   when we first arrive there from the airport it seem a little out of the way and seem to be in a semi residential area . i be very wrong ! less than a   minute walk away be an mtr station their subway which can take you anywhere you want to go . central be i think only   stop away . everything be so convenient to get to !

we stay for   night in the metropark in december   it be a lovely modern hotel with very helpful staff and although not right in the centre of things there be an mtr station about   minsutes walk from the hotel that will take you anywhere you need to go

the metropark hong kong be a truly excellent choice . from the moment we arrive after a long   hour flight from london we be allow to check in immediately and access our room . we have an executive parlour room on the   floor with a panoramic view of causeway bay , kowloon and victoria harbour . the room be large , well maintain and equip with a cd player , large television with over   channels include mtv , bbc world service     an english movie channel and sofa area . the bathroom be also good with a separate shower and bath tub . however , what really stand out overall be the impeccable service   it really be first class , the staff be always very friendly and helpful   they be genuinely happy to help . the executive lounge on the   floor free access for those in executive parlour rooms     suite be particularly welcome with a good selection of magazine , newspaper , two computer with internet access and complimentary alcoholic beverage and snack daily between       and       the buffet breakfast in cafe du parc be also of a good standard   there be a wide range of cook and continental selection

can ` t fault my stay in this hotel last year , i arrive on an early morning flight from the uk tired and expect to have to wait for my room until the afternoon but without prompt they offer me an early check in . also as i have a late departure be able to use the gym facility to freshen up . very good location less than a couple of min walk from the mtr and tram stop and there a small supermarket just   door down . free internet access in the rooms if you have a laptop be a real plus

staff be excellent in my five day stay recently . i ca n't say enough about the friendliness of the staff . very very helpful group . rooms at the hotel be a little small . but that be hk  

metropark be a great choice of hotel . it be close to all transportation . staff be extremely friendly and hotel be very clean and new . to get to metropark from the airport , i would recommend bring the hotel phone number or tell the taxi that it be in tin hau on tung lo wan rd to make it easier . the staff be also very helpful in give direction to tourist area

stay there for   night in feb .   and find it to be very good value , well locate and wonderfully managed . would stay there again

we be so glad we choose to stay at the metropark after much deliberation . we stay for   night in a suite . the room be very large and beautiful with a welcome fruit platter . the bathroom be also an excellent size and the view over the harbour be magnificent . it be also possible to watch the local do tai chi in the morning at victoria park . the service be excellent and very friendly . as we stay in the suite we have a lovely buffet breakfast include as well as all day access to the lounge . the mtr be across the road and it be only a short walk to causeway bay

i be satisfy with the metropark , a good value clean hotel on hong kong island

we visit hong kong for chinese new year our eighth trip to hong kong over the last   years and family do n't have room for us so we give the metropark hotel a try . the space be beautiful with a lovely view but small . this be hong kong after all ! service be excellent and attentive . as they primarily cater to the mainland trade , english take a backseat to cantonese and mandarin among the staff . we will definitely stay there again if the arises . the location be off the beaten track but it allow a traveller to see more of the real hong kong than a place in central or tst

my travel companion and i stay at the metropark hotel for   night in january   we find the staff to be very pleasant and helpful . the rooms be of average size for asia , very clean with modern amenities . even though we arrive well before check in time , they do their best to accommodate us . after the   hour flight all we really want be a place to freshen up and catch a quick nap before head out to see the sights . this hotel be conveniently walk distance locate near the causeway bay shopping entertainment district . we would stay there again

i stay at this hotel for three night with my girlfriend , and recommend this hotel to anyone on holiday in hong kong . excellent price for value , clean , and friendly . the pool be also very nice but small and unheated , with a spectacular vista of the skyline from its rooftop perch . if visit hong kong , the metropark be not off the beaten track . with the tin hau station a two minute walk from the front door , you be in hong kong central , admiralty , or wan chai in less than   minutes . airport connection be also very easy and efficient

we stay at this hotel for   night on a stopover on our way to australia . i book this hotel after read the review on this forum , and particularly because it be close to the airport bus stop . we arrive at   when check in be not until   as we be very tired from a long flight we be quite keen to get shower and change etc before head out again . after some persistence , we be give a room that we could use just to freshen up until our room become ready . room size be fine . staff be friendly and helpful

as we intend stay for five night we be disappoint to be allocate a very small room with no view [ other than a highrise tenement block ] . we request an upgrade and oh boy be it worth it ! we move to a suite with a separate sittingroom and huge windows with fabulous view of the city it cost us more but it elevate our stay to a different level completely . the rooftop pool be lovely and be a great way to finish the night   a jacuzzi and cocktail   bliss

we stay at the metropark at the start of a   week holiday . we spend   days in hong kong and you can read the report on the discussion page . it be a great hotel . the location be great and the mtr be so easy to use you can get everwhere within a few mintues . the staff be all friendly and the rooms be keep very clean

great value   very clean , very organize , and very comfortable . however , causeway be somewhat off the beaten path , and hence the lower price . essentially , you 're get the same quality as in central or wan chai , but pay less for be   stop away on the metro the mtr stop be very close by , however . also , if you need western amenities i .e . , starbucks , a pub , or western breakfast , you wo n't find it immediately nearby

this hotel be excellently locate near the mtr , bus and tram lines . the view from the roof top pool be spectacular   i would imagine the view from the upper floor harbour view rooms be great too

my wife and i stay here from       november   to be frank , we be a little concern that , when we change from the recommend hotel in kowloon to the metropark in hong kong at the end of our tour of china , it be actually cheaper . we could n't have be more please with the outcome

i stay at metropark hotel one year after it open up it first open in   . i take the metro right from the airport to the hotel , you have to transfer once . it 's about a   minute walk to the hotel . when i get there , the hotel inside be beautiful . i be check in fast and go up to my room on the   floor . the room be very clean , very attractive and nice . the bed have a white goose down comforter which i never see in a hotel befor . the bathroom be clean and have a roomy shower . i do n't find the room cramp , but it be a lil ' smaller then the rooms in the usa . very nice staff . i am a college student and go by be by myself at the time . when i go to go to book a tour at the tour office , the lady rep invite me to have dinner with her at the hotel for no charge . very nice hotel , on of the best service i ever have at a hotel . very easy to get around the city , since it very close to the metro station and bus stations . the pool be on the roof , very nice pool and very nice view . seven eleven be   store away , super market be close too . i sugest you go there instead of use the mini bar at the hotel since that be a lil ' bit pricey . breakfast be very good ! overall i love it . would stay there again if i ever go back to hong kong

completely agree with the last reviewer . i stay here with my girlfriend for   night in september and yes , the rooms be small , but i be tell this be common in hong kong . they be not cramp , we get a good view of the bay and the location be excellent . you be   minutes away from everything by tram or mtr and the station be less busy than others make the city very accessible . staff be excellent , gym and pool jacussi very nice   a morning run look out onto causeway bay from the   floor be a real pleasure

new clean room . rooms be very small feel like   sq . ft include bathroom . location be not very convenient

i have be stay in this hotel for more than   week , very nice hotel and the price be right . the hotel be sit in a busy district on the quiet area , although the room be quite small but very clean with good layout , roof top swim pool be beautiful with fantastic view . the hotel local be very convenient to all transit , airport bus just right in front , the mtr just a few minute walk , supermarket , bar , fishball noodle just around the corner . the laundry nearby on leave side of the hotel be so cheap and fast , charge hk     for   with   hr service and they will deliver to the hotel , no need to use the hotel â € ™ s service

the metropark hotel in hong kong be a very clean , modern hotel with excellent facility except the fitness center and be a great value . staff be friendly and , while the location be not central , the mtr be just   block away

this be a great   hotel . i have stay in other   hotel in hk before , but none as nice as this . it be also reasonably price since i book through internet travel sites . like many hotel in hk , the room be on the smaller side , but it be new , modern and very clean . the hotel pool be locate on the roof of the hotel . on a clear day , you could get a very nice view of the city . it be locate within   minute walk from the tinhau mtr station and you could walk to the causeway bay shopping mecca in   minutes . basically it be locate far away enough so that you do n't get the overbear crowd as soon as you walk out of the hotel

i do n't think that it meet my expectation when i find the place but little do i know . when you walk in , its different . i mean its no the ritz but its wonderful . the staff be so helpful ! the pool be gorgeous and the if you choose a room with a view its even prettier

the metropark be a beautifully maintain   * hotel in an excellent location . whilst the rooms be relatively small , as be the norm in most hong kong hotel , space be use very efficiently , and the accommodation be very comfortable . as this be a new hotel open in   i believe the furniture and facility be very modern . in particular , every room have unlimited free broadband internet access . in the standard room we stay in , there be no bathtub , but an excellent shower

my wife and i have just return from a week in hong kong stay at the metropark hotel at tin hau near causeway bay . we arrive early at the hotel on the first day of our holiday hopeful that the hotel would have a room available for us a little earlier than the advertise check in time . unfortunately , our room be not quite ready but the staff at the hotel be happy for us to use the change facilties attach to the top floor gym with nearby pool that have sensational view towards the harbour and to store our luggage until our room be available . we take them up on their offer and when we return a few hours later our room be available . our deal include a double , non smoking room with harbour views . unfortunately , the room provide be not what we request and a couple of move later they be able to meet our original request

we have wonderful time stay in metropark hotel . very nice location , only   min walk to tinhou subway station . highly recommend the suite . ask for the room with west face harbour view , fantastic . very nice bathroom . friendly stuff . only the rooftop swim pool be sorta on the small size , but the view make up for it . we also get the excellent rates on the suite . however , if you be a single visitor primarily interested in bar hop then stay close to centre

we have thoroughly enjoy our stay at metropark . after read lots of hotel review about small rooms we choose to treat ourselves to the parlour suite and we have be spoilt . the room be very large with a sit area and a beautiful view of the harbour . the bathroom be also large and include a bath and shower . we receive complimentary buffet breakfast daily , internet use , daily newspaper , tea     coffee and at all times excellent service . highly recommend the parlour suite

we thoroughly enjoy our stay at the metropark hotel . the staff be very friendly and helpful and the hotel be extremely clean

this be a classy good four star hotel . the rooms be small , for a four star hotel . however , they be in very good condition , with good view onto victoria park and hong kong harbour . the rooftop pool     spa be lovely , and worth a visit . the food     service of their buffet restaurant be of a very high standard . the hotel be just outside the tourist shopping area of hong kong island do you really , really want to be in the middle of the shop     noise anyway ? . however , it be only a   second walk to the closest tram stop , and a   minute walk to the island line train line . when i return to hong kong , i will definetely stay at this hotel again

the location of the hotel be very convenient for travel by mtr , bus , tram and taxi . it be also not far from the main causeway bay shopping area

stay here for a few on night on way to sydney in november   like a lot of other reviewer , i think the room be small but in a place like hong kong you should n't be spending too much time there . staff be friendly and helpful and some good info from the tourist desk

this hotel be fine , but you ca n't really say anyhting that make it stand out above any other run of the mill hotel . the main thing about most hotel in honker be that you be only in them to sleep , so if you be out and about people who spend most of the time wander around the night market or go sight see then the metropark be fine , if though you spend a lot of time in your hotel then you may find it slightly lacking . the karaoke though be probably the funniest thing i have ever see , lots of japanese businessmen sing danny boy , i be still laugh at it now . it deserve its     * rating it probably should be   star in

we have just come back from hong kong     stay at the metropark for a few night on our way to     from sydney . we be more than please with the hotel   yes the rooms be on the smaller side tho no worse than in italy but there be still more than enough room     let face it , when you be in hk , the amount of time that you 'll be spending in your hotel room will   should be minimal

