my kid and i stay in this hotel for   days during christmas . room price go thru the roof , still be reasonable . staff be not very friendly . the room be so small , good only for sleeping . bed be also small and hard . but good location for shopping . so , if you be here just to shop , and not mind sleeping in a hard and stiff bed , this be a place for you on budget trip

after reading many wonderful review about this hotel , i find a good deal online for a stay at this hotel and get a standard room for about   night

stay here with a friend in september   we find this hotel great ! mongkok be a great area to stay in if you be in hong kong to shop   the lady market and fa yuen street be very close by , as be the langham place shopping centre . the temple st market be only a couple of stop away on the mtr . prince edward mtr station be just across the road from the hotel , make it incredibly easy to get around hong kong . there be several   around the hotel make it easy to stock up on snack and drinks . the staff be very helpful in make sure our transfer be book , and help us out several times when we ask for directions advice . the rooms be fine   i know others have say they be tiny , but we find them plenty big enough for us and our mound of shopping ! i would definitely recommend this hotel to others

  week stay   book superior room   good , clean , hard bed , first class location near market food + public transport and the airport . recommended . friendly service

its very cheap to stay here but then again you get what you pay for . the hotel be ok but look very old . the view from the rooms face the backside of the building be horrible . you can see all the fishbone tv antenna and people dry their laundry on clotheslines . the rooms have old bed and furniture and be tiny . for those who plan to travel by bus to mainland china , the bus be literally just downstairs so thats the biggest sell point . there be plenty of restaurant nearby and the busy nathan road be just a block away and the prince street metro be also a block away . transportation be very good from this hotel

you get what you pay for ! the hotel be well locate within the shopping area and close to mrt stations . the airport bus stop right outside and be very convenient

this hotel turn out to be the cheapest one i could find from a travel agency . needle to say , i do n't expect much from this hotel consider the price . i do n't care too much for the quality either as i know i would spend most of my times outside . but this hotel surprise me . bottle of shampoo and shower gel be normal to be have in average hotel but you do n't often get the facial tissue and disposable slipper and this hotel provide them . the message system be pretty cool . there 's a red light on tv that keep flash until you turn on your tv and it will tell you the subject of the message and that you can pick the full one up from the reception

we get the   airbus from the airport which drop us right outside

hotel be very nice , neat and clean , recomended for the business traveller who be look for budget accommodation in the heart of the city as i have get a very gud deal on the net . although room size be not so big but gud to adjust   adult in a one twin sharing room . as fare as location of the hotel be concern its a mongkok area which be far away from the kowloon tsim sha sui area , but its very easy to reach by take shuttle buss to mongkok mtr station for metro train to tsim sha shui   kowloon . staff be very proficent , overall it be the memorable great experience

it cost me ard   per pax for   night for a triple room . the triple room they give us be big enough to accomodate   bed   normal bed +   rollaway and space for us to put our luggages . the room be very clean . the bedsheets be clean and very smooth . however the bed be really hard ! the rollaway bed be softer but the spring be abit worn out so feel like there 's a hole in the middle of the rollaway bed . there 's a dress table and tv and mini fridge and also a closet near the door to hang clothes . the toilet come with bathtub so it 's quite big . the housekeep people be nice . on the first day when the lady be make the rollaway bed for us , we request for extra pillow which she say she will bring over later . at night when we return , there 's no extra pillow but the second day when we come back , the   extra pillow be there

location be very convenient a minute from prince edward mtr and also walk distance into mong kok . rooms be very small , date and smell of damp . stanford hillview in tst be equally good location , similar budget but mile cleaner

i be expect the worst ! look at the website , travel forum , and even trip advisor , i be hesitant to continue with the hotel booking . but things turn out for the best

the overall experience of this hotel leave something to be desired . the location be great , with a subway station and shop very close by . the scenery , however , be horrible . the scenery consist of a couple of ugly gray apartment buildings . if you stay at this hotel , do n't look out the window

i have be stay   metropark mongkok for a couple of times now , and so far , the hotel have never fail me

stay in this hotel for   night

the location be great , adjacent to nathan road and just a   minute walk to the prince edward mtr . it 's also close to lady â € ™ market and fa yuen street for shopping . lots of great and cheap place to eat close by . we try breakfast at both the cake shop and restaurant that be locate in the hotel , both be good and very well price

no frill , clean hotel , but standard rooms be very small and bed be very hard

the rooms be two small and the decor be still back in the   the rooms have a bad odour

so you wan na know about metropark , mongkok

stay there for   nights . i think the service be fair enough look at the price . the staff be very helpful . overall , good

a very decent hotel . the bus shuttle service be available from and to the airport . location be just great if you want to stay in kowloon . the flower market and bird ' garden within   minutes walk distance , a lot of dine spots with very satisfying food and price right next door . the nearest prince edward mtr station be round the corner . mongkok the main shopping area in hong kong be the next station , and the same mtr line in   minutes take you all the way to tsim sha tsui the kowloon side of victoria harbour and central hong kong where tourist attraction be concentrated . stuff friendly and helpful , and they speak good enough english . and the price very reasonable ! the only problem be chilly weather , since they do n't have central heat in rooms , we have to ask for a heater which be provide the same minute . and they only have one electric outlet in a room , so we have to use a branch box to plug in the heater , tv and mobile phone at the same time . in a word   no better place in kowloon if you do n't need effusive luxury

just return from a ten day stay at the metropark hotel in mongkok

it be the tiniest hotel room i have ever stay in ! we have   person to a room and plus our luggage , we could hardly move around ! if you have a large luggage bag , you would have trouble get it through the door ! somehow , the bathroom seem more spacious than the room itself

stay at metropark hotel mongkok for   night with my boyfriend . when we go there , we ask for a double bed , but be tell that our travel agent do not tell them so there be no available double bed room . not very friendly front office , because the receptionist make us feel as if     it 's your fault for not tell your tour agent beforehand    . other encounter with the hotel staff be not very good as well such as ask for direction etc as they be not very friendly , and give vauge directions . on the day of our check out , while wait for our shuttle bus to the airport , we sit at the couch in the small hotel lobby . my bf happen to close his eyes at that time to rest , and the security guard knock at the coffee table loudly to warn him not to sleep there . it be a very rude encounter

rooms be so small that we have a hard time open our luggage . but it 's probably average size base on hong kong standard . overall the room be very clean , the sheet and towel do not have any stain . if you want to stay in mongkok , that 's one of the best situate hotel , probably second to langham . you can catch a shuttle bus from the airport for hk     the closest mtr station be  lt     minutes walk away . just cross the street right in front of the hotel and walk straight up . the food court inside the shopping mall at langham have very good and reasonably price food ramen , korean , indian , etc . make sure you try the desert there too . it 's simply delicious . the dim sum at ming court inside langham hotel be also one of the best , but quite pricey . lady market be n't quite like what it use to be anymore . everything be ridiculously overprice and require a lot of haggle , which be n't something i like spending too much of my time on during my vacation . i would also recommend the store call wanko for good quality business casuals for lady at resonable price . it have a store near lady market i believe it 's on nathan road and one inside the langham shopping mall

after reading other review we be quite look forward to stay at the metropark , but have to say the   day stay be entirely spoil by the very thin wall between bedrooms . the check in be good , the room clean and big enough for us , the staff very pleasant and helpful but for three of the night we be disturb for quite a while by either people come in after a night out , guest checking in or telephone conversation which seem to be in our room . we think it be us be a bit out of sync after the flight for the first night therefore not be in a very deep sleep , but when it carry on we realise that it be the wall be so very thin . the airport bus do stop outside and the train station be just yard away , this be so easy to use so do n't be afraid to use it , we go all over with the octopus card and find that lots of people speak english and be very heplful . we eat in the local delifrance and pizza hut , i 'd rather have their menu than ours it be like a combination of eastern and western which be just a short walk away but also in a chinese and hawk food resaurants where not a word be speak but with lots of sign language and point we have lovely cheap meal and lots of laugh

we stay at this hotel for seven days . we have a small child of five . love the location        minute walk from the lady bazaar market     minute walk from the night street temple market     minute walk from the harbour . shuttle bus from the airport excellent . shuttle service to downtown fast   minutes and frequent . great little restaurant around the corner teresa 's restaurant for american style breakfast . deli france   minutes away have great little breakfasts . close to train and mtr stations . hotel rooms clean and staff very nice . we would definately stay at this hotel again . if you have a child     bring an umbrolla small foldable stroller

we stay at the hotel for   night , it be very pleasant , and great value for money . i would advise you to have a look at the room prior to actually occupy it because some rooms be very small and the configuration be n't necessarily how would you like them . you may get a twin share room when you have ask for a double . so perhaps have a look at the different rooms so you knwo that you be get what you pay for . we change our room from a tiny corner room to a middle room which be double the size with two bathroom for the same price

arrive at this hotel on the first day in hk . the airport public coach stop right outside the hotel which pleasantly suprised us . checking in at reception be easy and the receptionist find our reservation without incident . also , because we put in a request for a double bed with our travel agent they say that twin rooms be more typical ? , the hotel have no more standard rooms and upgrade us to the a vip room free of charge

we stay at the metropark for   night and find the room to be very clean and comfortable with the exception that the bed be hard   and i mean hard ! ! we hear that we could expect firm bed throughout china but have sleep on other bed throughout our china experience they be not as bad as this . a good location for shopping nathan road and various market and access to the mtr which be a stone throw from the hotel . the mtr be the only way to travel throughout hk and the territories    it 's fantastic ! we eat at the hotel restaurant on two occasion and find the food to be very average   we would n't recommend it ! there be far better and cheaper place to eat close to the hotel . the staff be friendly and courteous and communication be n't a problem . overall we enjoy our stay . mark and rachel , qld , australia

i think the hotel represent quite good value for money and i think the extra cost for an executive room which include an okay breakfast be worth it

this place be fantastic value for money ! the room be a reasonable size by hong kong standard for the money , as be the bathroom . good toiletry and linen provide , really clean and service well each day . efficient and friendly service . when in hong kong i love stay on kowloon amongst the thick of it and would definitely stay here again . i pay roughly     a night and find it to be very pleasantly surprising for that kind of money . a huge bonus be that the bus from the airport stop directly outside the hotel   another benefit and huge save   all the more to   leave to shop with

hotel staff be attentive and helpful . rooms be clean and quite well size for the price . breakfast be way too much to eat and cheap as for what you got . very close to mtr so easy to get

pretty average hotel , in the seedier part of hk . the room be clean and reasonably modern , service be mediocre . the location be n't the best for see the sights in hk   a bit out of the way . and if you have to have a decent coffee to start the day , it 's definitely not the place to stay . we have to take the underground in to tsim sha tsui each morning to feed my caffeine addiction   mainly because mongkok be a very chinese part of town . the hotel be in the middle of a large area of crumble apartment , and that 's the view you 'll get from your window    work class chinese go about their daily lives . and lastly , if you decide to have breakfast in the hotel , do n't , under any circumstances have what they call scramble eggs    i have never taste anything like it in my life   sort of like warm dish cloth in taste and texture

the hotel provide my group of   friend include myself with a satisfactory stay of   night

for the price , a great value hotel . location be good , about   from mtr prince edward which will take you to major tourist spots in kowloon and or central . room be clean and we be able to check in early around   although this seem to be luck more than anything else . only complaint be that we be assign a twin rather than a double however , after a   hour flight from sydney we be happy to have somewhere to rest in the morning so we do not ask to move

arrive at the hotel at   , our room be not available until   so we be give another room , it be extremely small and hot and the water pressure be extremely poor . we ask reception to move us to another room which be slightly better but the water pressure be just as bad,however this room consist of two single bed even though we request one double bed , we then have to ask reception to move us once again because it be not possible to use the shower which have almost no water pressure whatsoever . finally , we be move to a decent enough room , with better water pressure make sure you get a room on a lower floor however we be inform that no double bed be available only single bed rooms . the cleaning staff be friendly and helpful and do a fantastic job at cleaning . close to transport and shop be the only benefit

we stay here for three night in april   the hotel be good value for money , very reasonably price for hong kong . it 's very busy , with a lot of large tour group from mainland china , so you can get a bit feed up wait at the reception desk , but the staff be generally helpful and efficient . rooms not that small for hong kong , but yes , a bit cramped . we do n't find the bed too hard . restaurant okay and breakfast very good . easy to get to on the mtr and very near the station . we leave some clothes behind and they keep them for us for two week while we tour china   and launder them ! ! !

hotel concourse be in mong kok about   from the prince edward mtr which make it very convenient if you want to concentrate your activites in a less touristy hong kong environment in kowloon . excellent shopping for clothes and bag just one mtr stop away in mong kok around argyle street and langham

