i stay here in mid december . the room be clean daily   but the disposable sandal which the hotel provide be flimsy   it tore the moment it be in contact with water

the hotel be far from the city proper but its clean and the check in counter be all accomadating  the bathroom be clean and they change the bedding and towel everyday the breakfast quite ok

  the rooms be really tiny . the wall have writings on it and under the bed be dust and trash that former guest leave

go to hk end of dec   during end year holiday with my wife , this hotel be too far below our expectation . when i check their official website it look nice hotel but it fact it 's horrible . no room boy to help us bring our luggage when we checked in . the bedroom be very small . due to travel agent 's error , they give us twin bedroom . when i want to change to double bedroom king queen bed , the receptionist say they not have this kind of room

i stay at the hotel for   night

i select the mexan for a one night stay between airflights due to its proximity to the airport . neither the taxi driver or the taxi dispatcher at the airport know where it be , even with a write address albeit in english . the dispatcher look it up in a book and explain it to the driver . we arrive late at night , tired from much travel . this be the end of a   day trip . it be the only hotel in all of china that do not provide drinking water . the room be tiny . think it would be fun to watch the harbour , but it be noisy and close the shades be tricky . we request a wake up call that never come   maybe it be good that it be noisy ! breakfast be not include , and we be not offer any . although the hotel be near the airport express train , it do require a taxi to get to the train , and the english speak driver convince us to take the cab the whole way , which end up cost us an additional     us

its a very nice place to stay , face the dock tho but from   be lift operate by hotel staff and the toilet get a feel of japan , maybe the slide door . over all , its a nice place but a bit far from the city     very peaceful and the hotel staff be very friendly !

