the room be not ready when we arrive but everything go smoothly after that . the large flat screen tv be great with a wide selection of cartoon , keep my daughter occupy while we upload our travel pic to the internet through the free wi fi service , you just need to ask for the password from the front desk . we be so surprise to find that the electrical outlet be not compatible but plug adapter be readily available at the front desk too . just a short walk to the sheung wan station and also to a   store . the rooms be really small but be very clean and cozy . nice clean bathroom with fresh towel everyday

i only stay at this hotel because it be christmas and it be in my budget . like some other city , hong kong hotel put up their tariff by     over this period , as this hotel , mingle on the wing do so . this     hotel cost     on average over the   horrible night i spend there

i stay here one night before catch a flight back home  they have what be call a     lite    room for single travellers . it be small but well set up with tons of gadget and movie and so much high tech stuff i have to have the front desk come up and help me ! i get it for an amazing price online but i think their regular price be too high . i pay   hong kong dollar and it be on the island walk distance to wanchai and soho . nice staff too

we decide to book this hotel mainly because of the central location . the hotel be really difficult to find . we exit from the sheung wan station . the entrance of the hotel be very small and hard to spot . we literally walk past it . luckily , with the help of the shopkeeper there , we manage to find it in the end . the rooms be quite small but they be clean and well made . we be a little surprise when we do n't find a safe in the room . on the second day , there be a blackout at our floor . all the light be out and this make the pack difficult as we be check out that day . the receptionist be try to help as much as possible but i guess there 's nothing much he can do . overall , it still quite a nice experience stay there

so i arrive with the airport express to the central

this place be all about location , situate in the middle of central . tiny rooms , but quiet , clean and modern with comfy bed . service a bit iffy but we do n't go there expect four season service . our double bed be pretty much the size of the room , but our room come with a big balcony ! . so long as you 're not plan to spend all your time lounge in your room during your stay in hk , this hotel be excellent value . recommend

be stay with mingle the   time this year , and will mark my stay next month again ~ ! be travel to hong kong quite a number of time this year , mingle still the choice of stay

be a pseudo hotel photo journalist , i have take several shot of this small yet it savvy hotel . the location be in     sheung wan    , just a stop away from     central    mtr and if you be arrive from macau , this hotel be just a   min walk away via a tunnel . be there , do that . everything be pretty much accessible and within reach . a convenient store to your right , a small local fast food chain and on your leave , several shop sell bird 's nest     other chinese herbal stuff

i stay in a     superior room    for   nights . i travel from macau and the hotel location be ideal as it be a short walk distance from the macau ferry terminal

i stay here with my sister for one night , the rooms be small but when you be in hong kong you not want to spend time in the room

what more could you ask for from a city break in hong kong

i just finish my one week stay at this hotel . my assistant book it for me for about   per night . she do n't tell me what kind of room it be but for   a night i be n't expect a suite

i book a standard twin room with my mother but when we check in , i be surprise to find that we have a double bed . no problem , just a little glitch with our book   staff quickly fix this up by separate the two single bed

we stay here for next to nothing . the staff be friendly , room clean , nice and the mini bar cheap . they have a big tv , lots of free movie , internet and and airconditioning . the most important thing however be that it be very close to the train about a one minute walk . i would highly reccommend it

for just   , you get a single room , comfy bed with proper linen , complete with free wifi , interactive lcd tv with free on demand movie not fuzzy pirate image  music online radio stations from all over the world select country then radio station then play , although bbc   do n't work but capital be fine     hotel i have be to with built in online radio , the other being pullman bangkok , pioneer hifi speaker , electrical socket , flask , coffee tea , wardrobe , dvd player hide in wardrobe , mini fridge , paper slipper , alarm clock mine be n't crazy , proper toilet with glass door shower stall with rainforest shower head fantastic water pressure , glass door close properly no water spilling all over the place , toilet bowl with dual water saving function , sink and storage below it

i be apprehensive about book a stay here after reading the mix review , but i decide to go ahead since the most recent review be pretty decent . well , i totally live to regret it . the day i arrive at the hotel , i be give a single room on the   floor   that be already occupy by a male guest . the gentleman in the room be equally confused , and he call the reception to tell them about the mix up . i return downstairs and be ask to wait . no explanation be give by the staff about why my room be already occupied . fifteen minutes later , one of the staff tell me my room 's ready and escort me upstairs to the   floor , and back to the same room i be give earlier . the male guest who have earlier occupy the room be move to the room next door . i do n't know if he have enter the wrong room by mistake although as to how he could have enter my room with another room 's key card , i have no idea , or if the staff have give the both of us the same room key . either way , i do n't know because no explanation be offer by the staff

great things about this hotel

i have stay at many different place in hk , and this be a big surprise . to be warn , the room be tiny , but it 's incredibly efficiently designed .   min walk from mtr . they have free wifi and free wire broadband , which seem to less common these days in hk . there be an lcd tv with a wide selection of free movie to watch , and a dvd player if you bring your own if you be come from the mainland you may have acquire a few . you be also able to attach your ipod to the sound system . there be a skype based phone , which i have never see before . the bed be not hard as a rock , as be the usual in china . the biggest surprise be there be a private balcony almost as big as the room itself ! i get my room for less than   usd

i have a business trip to korea , and take a couple of night stopover in hk on the way back home to sydney . this rate be cheap and i be sceptical about booking . yes , my single room be small , but sparkle clean and fresh . unless you want to work or spend all day in the room it should not be a problem . there be the usual outside noise , as you will get anywhere in hk , but close the window soon fix this

accommodation ? ? ? depend on our style and the purpose of our travel

we stay at mow for   night in mid feb   while visit family in hong kong . we want to stay in central rather than the hotel in kowloon so we could be close to everything and within walk distance . we could n't believe the value for money of the hotel in aud     and be nervous about what to expect . to say we be pleasantly surprise be an understatement . we be in standard double on the   floor . the bedroom itself be very small with about   metre or less around the king bed   this be basically the room so we have to be patient with the suitcase storage and be pretty tidy when we be there . the bathroom be a reasonable size with a really good shower . all the electrical stuff work well   we do n't have any problem at all . the decor be in the boutique hotel mode   clean , crisp and modern feeling . just beware of the building work   we be wlong at about   be witha thud thud noise that sound like it be in the area and the bed room actually shake a little   it last for about       mins . talk to family linving on the island they say they also feel it in soho and it be a development where the foundation be get put in . the morning after we be less disturb and get back to slep pretty quickly after

this hotel be locate very close to the shueng wan mtr which be very convenient . it be also very close to des voeux road for tram and soho for nightlife

the mingle rooms look great in the promo photo , but they be actually terribly small    even the     upgraded    suites . there be no place to put large suitcase , and the only place for cosmetic or bath item be a tiny     wide shelf run under the bathroom mirror . both the bath mirror and the mirror on the wall between the bathroom and the bed be useless . why ? poor light design    it be extremely difficult to shave or apply makeup . we have endless problem with the music player  tv   sound system . the front desk people be very helpful , but they have to come to the room every day to fix something . terrible . the mingle look like it would be the place for sophisticated traveler , but beware , it be not . rather if you can live out a backpack , have no need for personal groom , and be happy in a room that you can not even turn around in because it be so small , then the mingle might be for you . noise warning   loud construction noise up and down the street until at least april ,   but then again , you may find the sound of jackhammer at   a .m . pleasant . we do not . that 's why we move over to the stanford hillview , to enjoy a real large room , for the same price

right down the street from the sheung wan   exit with three late night conveniences store nearby . also taxis always go through the intersection to get to the harbour . coffee shop advertise on the website be closed . room   floor very small the shower be wider than the hallway , little awkward to store and move around , and never figure out how to unplug the sink service have to do it . have issue operate the tv and the 'technological settings' . but clean , convenient , free wi fi and for the price , excellent value book on hotelclub com . hotel will want a     deposit up front which be return at the end . if you 're not plan to spend a lot of the time in the room , it 's well located no issue come back late and in a interesting area traditional herb medicine shop instead of mega mall

after spending a miserable day at another hotel , i do n't have much hope for mingle on the wing   i just want to leave hong kong asap . however , mingle on the wing turn out to be much better than i expect and i truely enjoy my stay with them

as expect a small hotel , lite room , but worth every cent , great location , next to mtr , walk to cbd , free broadband , both wire    

we be book to stay   night , but check out on day  

the hotel be fairly new , and i find it attractive . but , it have technology go wild . you can use the tv and remote control to set the air condition , turn the light off and on and select mood light , tune the tv , watch movie , listen to the radio , among other things . it would be great if it all work flawlessly , but it do n't . on two out of my five night there , all the light in the room suddenly turn on , wake me up . i guess there 's some short circuit somewhere in my room , but how will they ever find it ? to turn on the tv and tune to channel   take   key press on the remote control . the tv volume be fine , but when i try to watch a movie from their online collection , there be no volume . the very helpful girl from the front desk fix it , but the next day i have the same problem . it would just be better to have equipment that work , instead of make things so complicate

i arrive to a small , empty hallway as it seem the     concierge    who be rude and unhelpful be attend to a personal call outside . when someone finally arrive to help , i be tell the elevator be broken . as a result i have to haul my suitcase up   flight of stairs ! i kid you not . communication between employee take place through     oh so modern    walkie talkie with message be repeat several times and in several language as no one can understand each other . the room be tiny . there be no bath although there be their famous     torrential rain    shower  which switch between ultra hot and ultra cold , not to mention be a complete waste of water . their shower tv , which be     cut edge technology    be broken . i watch several movie but hear none of them as their sound system be terrible . there be no view and the windows hardly open anyway . i could go on , but i think you get the point

please be aware that the single rooms do not have any windows . tiny rooms when you just need somewhere to sleep be fine but i find it more then a little suffocate to be in a windowless room

i book a room at mingle on the wing for its accessibility to the ferry terminal and proximity to the mtr station . as expect , the room be small as of most hotel in hk but it be relatively clean . it live up to my expectation until , i experience problem with not just the tv remote , the heater but also the fire alarm

a very , very small room , but contain all i need for a great stay

this hotel be on a small street but one block from the main des veoux road . we take the airport express train from the airport and then take a cab for     dollar to the hotel . the cab here be cheap ! it 's   block from the sheun wan mtr station which be really convenient as you can get almost anywhere on the subway . subway be extremely clean and safe . the area be safe to walk around late at night as well with a     variety store on the corner for late night drink and snacksl . you can walk to the macau ferry terminal in   minutes and to the other ferry terminal in about   minutes . the staff be friendly and the rooms be clean and compact . i guess for hk standard this be typical   we stay in a deluxe room on the   floor . i would recommend get an upgrade room as it 's a little bigger but by no means large by canadian standard   just enough to open our two suitcases . the wake up call feature that you can program on the tv be really interesting   tv come on first and then all the light and then the phone rings  

this hotel be recommendable to everyone . esther the receptionist assist us very well . she be excellent,she take care of us to the management of mingle on the wind thank you so much ! ! ! we really enjoy our vacation . our room be very clean , could not ask for

we have two rooms , a single room and a twin room . firstly reception be efficient check in at   and be quickly into the room . need     per room for bond or credit card imprint . single room be on   floor , twin on   floor . my single room have a balcony , very compact bed and bathroom . literally   between toilet bowl and basin , so its very tight . shower be strong on   floor but weak on the   floor . twin room bathroom be larger however shower area be smaller than single room . nice lcd screen which have some weird control , so wont be suprising if you experience some difficulties . however very nice modern renovation , like an ikea style room . location be just   min from sheung wan mtr station entrance and   min to hk ferry terminal , however there be stairs so may need to carry heavy luggage . the area be n't too touristy so there arent hawker around . we be allow to leave our luggage for an extra   hours past checkout for no charge . wifi unfortunately do n't work on   floor , but there be two computer to use on the ground floor . if you need power adaptor they have convertor to lend out . with sleeping , i am   and i find my foot overhang the bed . they supply toothbrush paste razor cream slippers . the light be very minimal the light can cast shadow when you look at yourself in the mirror . one criticism be they need to have hooks for coat behind doors bath door . however its clean and quiet for a good night rest . would come back again good value location . but might try its other hotel at tsim sa tsui

i stay at mingle on the wing for four night when i be in hong kong with my girlfriend . i think we get a good deal as we pay only around     for a double

stay   night , single room , tiny , i have no luggage and still couldnt move . complicate technology .   night s in and still couldnt work anything out . no room numbers on door so take a while to work out your room . not to mention new arrival knock on all door try to work out which might be their room . door open and close loudly . toilet mirror on leftside not in front . weird . noisy from street . thin walls . can hear neighbour do everything so be aware of that .   lift for   floors . dirty lift . staff do the basic . not rude but no smile

although well locate and close to an mtr stop , our stay at mingle on the wing could have be better . the rooms be small but cute and and clean . the lobby and the elevator have see better days

whilst the staff be all very polite and appear sincere and concern , we find the follow problem at this hotel

we get a good rate for our room by book online   it be a four day consecutive rate . hk     per night . it be a standard room ie . the basic one

