this hotel be locate at the center of bust wanchai road , one of the oldest parts of hong kong . the location be right in the centre of all amenities , shop , food outlet , and markets . it be within walk distance to bars and red light district , hong kong convention and exhibition centre , harbour with tram criss cross the area â € ¦



so i think the rooms be small . yes , we only pay about     , but as the doorman concierge be show us to our room , i think we be part of a prank show . punk 'd for regular people . i am not a world traveler , so maybe this be normal , but it be truly the smallest hotel room i have ever stay in

mingle by the park be a nice little budget hostel   and budget be the operative word , it be understandable that you 'll get a small room , especially in a country like hk where there be n't a lot of space

fanny , the owner of this hotel be a space logostic genius , what she 's be able to pack into a space smaller than a prison cell be brilliant

i be currently live in macau and i stay at this hotel at   oct   however , when i back to macau i receive my credit card bill which show me that they char me an additional fee   when i e mail them and they notify me that they forgot to release my credit card and they promise to transfer the money back to my china bank account . however , they tell me the bank will charge them   service charge . so . they say they will send me the money by post . now , i have already settle my credit card bill and i really want to get my money back though it 's just a small amount of money . i think this be not fair

be not a bad hotel if you can walk up and down   floor everytime  

stay for one night in june during a   day hong kong stopover

we stay at another hotel while other friend stay here at mingle by the park . i should say that the entrance be barely noticeable with all the store line up at the same street and their name sign be not helpful at all . the entry way be immediately the small narrow staircase lead up to the business centre and lobby on the second floor . the wall be n't even paint , it be just bare cement with bathroom like tile stairs . but the upper floor have some wallpaper already . the staircase be equip with fire extinguisher and decorate by a couple of picture frames . yes no elevator but it be n't a long plight to the next floor . it could create a problem when you have big and heavy luggage and you be at the upper floor

i stay in the     lite    room which have a narrow single bed   this would be cramp for tall guest

