while in hong kong i have to deal with some difficult personal problem but the nathan hotel provide a happy refuge from all that . my room be spacious , attractive and spotless . the staff help me deal with a lose passport and be unfailingly courteous . the little bar on the rooftop be n't half bad either

the wise old hotel say go       do n't spioil the hotel for a ha'penny of grub 



go there on a month of december and book trough the information airport counter . the price be not cheap and be in the hospitality business i have high expectation   and i find everything perfect . the rooms amenities be great and service excellent . the hotel be locate a short ride by mtr to downtown hk , and reachable from a short walk to tsim sha tsui , be you can enjoy the stunning view on hk skyline . it be my favorite choice in town and if you cant afford big hotel names and do not want the thrill of in night in a guest house , this one will meet your expectations . best value money  

spend   days in great room . not the cheapest , but better value than we have have in other cities . extremely comfortable and convenient . the bed be huge with great mattress , down doona and a choice of pillows . we be delight with the size of the room as other review have warn of small room size . air condition be good , tours offer be very good , and staff be friendly and helpful . the breakfast buffet become a bit boring and there be no cows milk    but plenty of food , and it be include in the price

nathan hotel be a bit 'off ' in a way that it try to be a boutique hotel but yet lack certain standard

the nathan hotel be a good , average four star hotel . it 's main attraction be the relatively decent value for money you get . the rooms be quite nice and the staff be helpful but a bit hard to communicate with . internet access be very expensive , a real turnoff . breakfast be nice

the second time i have stay here . while not a top of the range hotel , it do offer good value . rooms be clean , bed comfortable , service be fine , breakfast basic but no complaint   especially as i do n't have to shop for it or cook it ! close to the jordan mtr and the temple street night market where we eat at the aberdeen fish restaurant . great food

early this month my wife and i stay for   night with friend and my brother . we be well look after . the rooms be excellent , good size for a major city , lots of towel and lovely linens . the breakfast be good with eggs cook to order and both european and chinese breakfast dishes anything we ask a reception be dealt with perfectly and we be give a late checkout and then offer to store our bag and the luggage porter even give us advice as to what be the most cost effective way to get to the airport

the rooms in the hotel be very good for the price and the breakfast be excellent . but really the best bit of this hotel be the convenience to the airport express train free shuttle bus from the nearest station stop at the hotel , albeit the last stop on the route and to the mrt , which be the easiest way to get around hong kong . the staff be also very helpful   even give us back our same room when we have to book an extra night after our flight out be cancel at the last minute

we stay in a nathan grand room and find it excellent . the size of the room be more than adequate , clean and modern and give us access to the nathan lounge where we have free internet . the hotel staff we pleasant and helpful , the breakfast that come with the room cater for all tastes . the location of the hotel be great and with a bus stop a minute away from the door of the mtr station   minutes away , get around be so easy . temple street market and the lady market be very close and of course the shop in and around nathan road cater for everyone . access from the airport to the hotel be simple   just catch the airport train to kowloon station and get on the free bus   which will take you right to the hotel door . travel back to the airport be again simple   catch the free bus from the hotel back to kowloon station , check in your bag and get your board pass at the station and then catch the train to the airport . the only down side be the hotel restaurant at night . the menu be very traditional chinese and maybe not necessarily what westerner would expect   the food be nice but     

we have be to hong kong before and pay a premium price for the shangri la hotel â € ¦ so we be a bit concern about how we would feel at the nathan . however we be really pleasantly pleased . we book direct with the hotel as the rates be the best around at that time . we book a nathan studio suite which include access to the nathan lounge and breakfast . on arrival at the nathan hotel we be upgrade to the nathan suite free of charge . it be an amazing room with a nice street view and near the nathan lounge . i can â € ™ t rave enough about these rooms ,   large lcd tv , a separate lounge , huge bathroom with twin sink â € ¦ lovely powerful shower and the bedroom itself be lovely and modern . no problem with the temperature or cleanliness and the bed â € ¦ . i wish i could have take that back home with me â € ¦ best bed i â € ™ have ever sleep on

i have actually stay at the nathan hotel on many occasions , and will be stay there for another month in november coming . what seem interesting for me be see the variation of critique from different guest regard the rooms . let 's clear some things up , as i understand them

we stay at the nathan hotel for   and there be nothing bad we can say about it apart from the fact that it be perhaps a little further out than we thought . although the hotel itself be locate about   walk to the tube and it be only   away from the harbour

i book the room through asiarooms .com . it be locate in the heart of kowloon the hotel be situate in the middle of the strip where the action be in terms of shopping and more shopping . it be   minutes walk from jordan train station . and next door to the hotel there be a bakery , boutique and restaurant

i spend   night here with my daughter after a lengthy backpack trip throughout asia . the rooms be very clean , bed super comfortable and the hotel be quiet . the staff be very polite

excellent hotel for the price , be a little hesitant on stay here as i can be fussy , but once arrive be very happy , defnately not   star more   star   floor boutique hotel , stay in the nathan grand room   floor for a week from the   july to   august , hotel have be renovate     be very modern , room be exaclty like the picture on the internet site , which be very good to see , size be very good , big plasma tv , modern , very clean , comfortable     no outside noise . if you stay in a nathan room you get access to the nathan lounge which be great     very useful with free internet speed be very good , tv , book     tea coffee drinks snack complementry , worth pay that bit extra for one of the nathan category rooms nathan floor in my opinion , seem most negative view for the nathan hotel be from guest that have choose one of the standard rooms

this hotel only deserve   star . it be a very basic hotel backpacker standard and the staff with exception of the staff at the tour desk be n't the most helpful or pleasant staff we have ever come across

nice hotel in kowloon , with ideal location . short way to shopping district and metro . starbucks on the hotel first floor be a plus . there be also a great bar on the roof of the hotel . the room be ok

i stay here for   week it be great in one word

this be my second review of the nathan hotel , as last time i stay in a different room category nathan room . this time , on a several month long adventure , we need to stretch our budget further so choose to stay in the standard room . our flight arrive at hong kong at about midnight , and with this in mind , notify the hotel in advance and remind them of our need for a non smoking room , as per our booking . however , when we check in we be assign a smoking room , which displease us . after much polite protest and the manager become involve , we be     upgraded    to a nathan room for just one night , to be move to a standard the next day . such conditional upgrade be in fact really tire and disappointing to me , especially after be on the road for so long . i just want the room i have book , and i really do n't want to have to pack up again because of a hotel 's mistake . grr

the nathan offer good value in hong kong where at present good value be around every corner . the days when we have to look hard for the high quality cheap hotel be momentarily over as we can allafford to stay at the expensive one owe to the exchange rate . the nathan should remeber this as it offer good value on an extrememly inconsistent basis . promise be make and not kept . this be the recur theme of the review on this site

my husband and i stay at the nathan hotel in may this year and on arrival be immediately upgrade to a suite . plenty of room with good facilities . there be twin bed and we would have prefer a double bed , but i do not question staff about this . as they be all most helpful , i doubt that change the sleeping arrangement would have be a problem

good location . hotel be clean but the size of the room be very small , which be not executive room , as indicate in website . my husband and i be terribly disappoint with the service . we request a king sized bed and the hotel staff claim that it be not write in their record , though i have show him the print out email which clearly indicate     king size bed    . instead of accomodating our request , yes , he give us a room with     king size bed    but actually   single beds combine as one

i ca n't say enough about this hotel . the hotel look beautiful inside and out . the hotel staff be very friendly and helpful . we stay there for a week and only have one complaint , the hotel do n't have a pool . we would definitely stay here again when we come back to the great city of hong kong . the hotel be minutes away from the subway and walk distance to the water . the hotel be very clean and modern

in a great location ,   min walk to lady market etc , across the road to temple st market . jordan mtr   block away . we catch the mtr everywhere or walked . look a fair way up on the map but do n't let that deter you , it be n't . great value for money , why pay more when you can stay here ! we stay in nathan room on the nathan floor , newly renovate , include buffet breakfast . the rooms be big enough , the ensuite great , the bed be not small , although some have say they be short , we do n't find this and my husband be   very comfortable and you can order pillow off the pillow menu ! the buffet could have offer more but it be fine , eggs , asian breakfast available , pancakes , bake bean etc , juice , tea , coffee . the nathan room also include free internet in the lounge , however the lounge be only good for that , it do n't have food , you can make a coffee or have a tin of juice but nothing else we only use it for the internet , it be perfect for that reason . our room also include   x waters every morning , which you need as it be so humid ! the bar upstairs be nice we only go there once though prefer to check out other drinking spots . concierge be great , very happy to offer us suggestion and point us in the right direction . buy your disneyland ticket at the tour desk as this save you a few dollars . catch the mtr everywhere and buy an octpus card , this card be like a debit card so you can also use it at   eleven , some restaurant etc , so it be great . we check out early and our flight be n't until late at night , they hold our bag at reception and give us access to the nathan lounge so we could still use internet and watch tv etc , otherwise we would have walk around kowloon for   hours so that be great . i would recommend , if i be to return to kowloon would stay here again , very happy

this hotel be situate near the jordan mtr   staff friendly helpful and for a change cheefull

we book   executive rooms ,   room for   adult with   child and the other room with extra bed for   adult with   child and i ask for free upgrade and they upgrade to execute suite . overall be good , the room be spacious and clean . their staff be friendly . location be convenient . we take bus   from airport to hotel . less then   min walk from the bus stop to hotel . on return we take the airport free shuttle bus   route to kowloon station for in town checkin and take the airport mtr . the   route 's bus stop be only a few steps away from hotel right in front of   . very convenient . the hotel location be good , less then   min walk to jordan station and be very near to temple street

our   time in hong kong and   thanks to reading review on tripadvisor  we find a decent price hotel with an excellent location . we take the   bus from airport which stop very close to the hotel at   and on check in we be very please to be give an upgrade to a bigger room . great room but the bathroom be small

my wife and i stay at the nathan for the second time in one year       may   and again find the hotel staff to be exceptional . we arrive into hk late and arrive at the hotel where check in be very smooth and fast . we be show to our room , which be very clean and tidy . after busy days out shopping and sightsee it be very nice to come back to our room spotlessly clean

just arrive back from a fantastic holiday stay in the nathan hotel for   wk

we stay here for   days in may   it be very close to the lrt and even the close to all the eat joint as well as the midnight markets . the executive floor rooms be good with access to the lounge where there be free internet and complimentaries . the free breakfast spread be also good . would recommend it any day

excellent location , very close to mtr jordan station . right in the heart of kowloon , close to tst . shopping spots like temple street be just few block away . plenty of shop and restaurant around the place . it even have the starbucks on the footstep

i stay here on the   june   for   night en route to australia . this be my first time in hong kong and on the advise of people that have already travel to hong kong before i want to base myself in nathan road . i decide on the nathan hotel and i book , though their website , a room on their newly renovate nathan floor at hk     per night this would have convert to   euro at the time i have also arrange my airport transfer with them prior to my departure cost hk       euro checking in be straight forward and the staff at the front desk speak and understand english perfectly . my room be a nice size . the bed be big and comfortable . there be a plasma screen tv mount on the wall and also a dvd player . there be also a safe which you can set your own combination code for . i love the bathroom . it be small but it be bright and clean with a really good shower . they also supply a bathrobe and slippers . the weather be extremely hot while i be there and the air con in the room work fine . i could not fault the room in any way

stay   night at the nathan hotel , mar   ,   arrive about   , check in be very easy , staff be friendly and speak fluent english . be assign room   executive . bellhop escort us to our room and get us situated . this be when i notice that the elevator be incredibly slow . when we finally make it to the   floor and into our room , i do notice right away that the room have a musty smell but figure that all rooms would , as hong kong be humid much of the year . another thing i notice right away be that there be one accessible plug in the entire room , under a flip up lid on the desk . no outlet in the bathroom . so to use my electric razor , the desk in the main room be where i have to be

good clean room  bed be huge but the room be small by australian standard

we have stay in a lot of hotel in hong kong and the nathan be by far , in our price range , great value for money . it have a fabulous location on nathan road , an easy stroll to temple street market or the jordan mtr station , and the rooms we book be large by hk standards . we do meet up with other guest at the hotel bar who feel their rooms be particularly small , and i believe the hotel have quite a few different rooms , so maybe we be just lucky . we book a superior twin room for our sons . very spacious , clean and no complaints . we have book a nathan studio suite for ourselves but we be upgrade on arrival to the nathan suite . our room be elegant , and huge . in retrospect we do not need or use the separate lounge area with its own big screen plasma . the bedroom alone be enormous . king bed and a desk bench that run the entire length of one wall . the bathroom offer double basin , big shower , and huge bath . i would really be nit pick to find fault . we ask for a receive an iron and board on day one and it be leave with us throughout the stay the nathan floor offer free internet and we could access this either via ethernet , wireless , or   large screen computer in the nathan lounge on our level , level   reserve for guest on the nathan floors . the breakfast room be very pleasant and offer a large enough range of food that we do not get bore over the   days we be there . there be a chef to cook your eggs to order throughout the meal service . the only time he let me down be present me with rather hard soft boil eggs . the bali bar offer   to   happy hour with an interesting range of cocktail included . it be on the top floor and a rather interesting space . the gym be great as i have it to myself on every visit . it include a massage , sit down shower that be quite novel . we travel to hk often and have find a new favourite hotel . here â € ™ s hope our next visit be just as good

stay in the grand room on level   excellent size room and bathroom , certainly up to australian standard re size and hygeine house keep be top class , quick to provide anything that be requested . the lounge facility be very good , free internet access and be always able to get to a computer . centrally locate to mtr , market and the harbour . breakfast include with our room , the menu be vary ,as we stay   wks , this keep it fresh , other meal cheap on the streets reception staff friendly and helpful , most speak english or there be someone around who do

with a thorough internet search and since we be stay only for   nights,we choose this hotel due to its location having read plenty of hotel review and comparisons,we find out that it exceed our expectations though we be not accomodated the time we arrive at around   be due to unavailability of our book room check in   normal ,we be tell to come back at   pm to be sure that our room be ready since the location be just at the busy nathan rd ,we take time for lunch,bit shopping and familiarization of the area,past   pm when we get back at the hotel,we request a non smoking and preferably on the higher floor which be grant right away . our big surprise be when they upgrade us to an executive room instead of the superior room plus we previously booked,thanks to the charming lady and kind staff at the reception we be a small family of four and still it 's comfortable even with extra bed,there 's wide space for all your stuff it 's always service and availability of coffee and tea be daily take care of bell boy and maid do a terrific job overall,our stay be a memorable one from check in to check out we will surely stay at this hotel again when we come back,thanks to the management and staff for a wonderful stay here 's some tip for first timer and with kid like us   plan your trip early,book on a hotel like nathan which be very close to most transportation like the jordan mtr,double decker bus from airport they 'll drop you close to hotel and taxisalong nathan road travelling 's so convenient from here wherever you go to any point of hongkong,just have it with you always from airport the maps,informations and esp the octupus card where you can use in any train and buses dont forget to visit disneyland and stay late to watch the spectacular fireworks,the famous ocean park,take a cable ride to the golden buddha pagoda at tungchung village,an afternoon ride to peak tram to the victoria peak to see the beautiful view of hk,take an afternoon stroll to the avenue of star at tsim tsa tsui there be lots of nice place to visit if you have extra days and for those shopping afficionados,there 's the night market til   pm just close to the hotel where you can buy souveneirs,cheap cloth with quality etc . like divisoria ,giordano and bossini shop be just a walk distance and for bigger shopping malls,try the citigate at tungchung village and the harbour city malls,in tsim tsa tsui ,think youv'e get everything in there on line search for more information about your trip help alot such the travel advisor and most important ask a friend who visit the place for more specific information just what we do and you will have an organise and wonderful stay,thanks to you tina l . regard from

i stay in the nathan hotel in september   whilst i be on a trip to hong kong with my two best mates

i am surprise to see so many positive review for this hotel . maybe we be just unlucky with our room , or perhaps book a nathan room be essential for a good stay . we stay in one of the regular rooms , and although it be spacious and have a dvd player , i find the bathroom to be exceptionally small , even for hong kong standards . the furniture in the sit area be so cheap that the sofa move everytime you sit on it . i swear i am not

we be really happy and satisfy with our hotel

i stay there with my wife for   night late october , we book this hotel from the review show here but i would say that the room be average , our room bathroom be a little old and worn and the room be tiny for the price we paid . service be excellent though , both in check in and at check out at       in the morning

great hotel , and very good location . i love the clean modern rooms with hugh plasma tv , dvd player and   speakers . bed be so comfy , and the breakfast be really nice with a good selection of food . staff be very friendly . starbucks be down stairs which be nice . we book on booking . com and pay a very reasonable price for our   night stay . i would recommend this hotel to everyone

i stay in the nathan hotel for   night , on the way back to scotland from australia . i arrive around   and my room be ready straight away which be great after my long flight   no hang around

my mom and i be travel to hong kong on a shopping trip so we want to be in a great location . the check in be fast and people be very friendly . our room be on the   floor which we have a pretty good view . the room be small but it be very morden and clean . the room be fully aircon . we could not open the door because it would be too noisey with the traffic sound outside . the hotel be very near the night market and the shopping area

my wife and i have just complete an around the world trip stay in hotel in   major cities . we both rate the nathan hotel in kowloon as the best of our trip . we arrive at   in the morning and the staff be still very friendly and helpful . we be book into a standard double room which look fantastic . the desk clerk who accompany us to our room suggest that we may want to look at some up grade rooms on other floors . we accept his offer and finally decide on a room that i could only describe as a luxurious penthouse , on the   floor . this room be only about     more than our original room . a huge bedroom with massive plasma , a seperate lounge room with another big plasma . magnificent , massive brand spank new shiny bathroom . on the same floor be a fantastic free internet business lounge where you even get complimentary coffee and cold orange juice . breakfast on the top floor be exceptional . a cook actually stand next to a wok and create egg dish to your own like right in front of your eyes . the rest of the buffet style breakfast be top quality and be include in the price . for around     a night this place leave the hilton and sheraton for dead . the concierge , arial , be extremely helpful as be the rest of the delightful staff . the hotel be perfectly situate close to jordon train station and the amazingly colourful temple st market be just across the street . it be smack bang in the middle of one of the world greatest shopping districts . my wife and i get top quality optical lens glasses for only     each and they be ready the same day ! right next door you can get a fantastic full body massage for around     we both have one , it be my first time and i recommend it . the incredible harbour be an enjoyable   minute walk from the hotel . the only problem be the hotel room be so nice you wo n't want to get out and enjoy the sights . simply the best

i have get to admit , for the price that i am fork out , the hotel be really valuable for money

i have a great stay at this hotel , which be very well situate in kowloon . after read other trip advisor comment , i stay in a room on the nathan floor and be extremely impress by the quality of the room as well as the   inch plasma screen tv mount on the wall and the free internet . the service at the front desk really lack something , but if you treat the hotel as service apartment , you could n't ask for better for the very cheap price that they be ask

this be the third time that we have be in hong kong and we be look for a good hotel in kowloon where we can easily access the mtr and nathan road for purpose of travel hong kong , without have to pay the exorbitent price of the harbour hotels . after loads of research we decide to book a nathan room in the nathan hotel , include breakfast , on the     rates to go    website . on arrival we be pleasantly surprise with the room , which have a lovely view of nathan road , and the modern look and feel . make sure though that you book on the   floor , as this floor have the new upgrade rooms and also a private lounge . the breakfast restaurant be in the process of be renovate and can do with a new decor , but the breakfast be much better than what previous comment make it out to be and we enjoy have a glimpse of the harbour from the penthouse restaurant

my girlfriend and i stay at nathan hotel for   nights . we book the summer executive room promotion so we get free internet access in our room and late check out until   which be great

this hotel have change in the last year . the rooms have improve     and the breakfast have improve also the service

book through the hotel website   week before my arrival to hk , i choose the nathan room . so after a few check i change my mind , so i modify my application to a bigger room which be nathan grand room , through the same place where i make my book earlier . when i arrive , nobody greet me . they be chat and laugh at the counter while i stand alone look at them . they only respond when i say 'hey' . after all the things be do at the front desk , i go up to my room to see that it be the wrong room i want , so i call up the reception and ask wat type of room this is . they lied and say 'it 's nathan grand room' . i be very disappoint and tell them ithis be normal nathan room , and not the grand room . i go back to the front desk to explain i do a modification , while a staff be try to amend ,   other staff be at her back whisper in cantonese how troublesome i be plus few rude remarks . bet they do not know i travel to hk too much , thats why i can makeout wat they be try to say . so i be tell i have to wait an hr before my correct room be ready ,   hr pass and nobody get back to me . i have to approach the desk again , get the right key to the right room , and nobody apologise to me when it 's their book system in the computer that screw up . overall cheap getaway with big rooms but service wise    not think bout it

we book the nathan hotel through our travel agent as we be travel to hong kong for our honeymoon . the lobby of the nathan look fine but there be many things i do not like when we get to our room

use the hotel desk in the hong kong international airport we find nathans hotel . it be an awesome experience . the rooms be big for hong kong . the location be great , the staff friendly , and the amenties be wonderful . i would stay here again

i stay at nathan hotel for   night as recommend by my office friend with consideration this hotel have undergone significant renovation

my fiancee and i stay here for   night and love it . very affordable , great service , and very clean rooms . the location be also very good very close to the metro station . i would honestly give the breakfast buffet a   star , but it be convenient and free with our nathan room

look at multiple place to stay for  

date may

we stay for   , and be extremely please with the quality of the room and service

as first time visitor to hong kong , we think the hotel be good value for money and be ideally locate on nathan road , near to the night market and only a few block from the mtr

the hotel be ideally situate on nathan road . from kowloon station the free airport shuttle   stop in front of the eaton hotel that be at the other site of the street . check in be quickly and we get an upgrade to the nathan suite . the rooms be nicely decorate , large and refurbished . the rooms have big flat screen tv 's , cd   dvd players and nice design bathroom not a bath and not too big , but fine . i suggest to take a room on the     nathan floors    floor   to   because the other floor be not yet renovated . as a guest of a nathan room we could use the nathan club floor . a room that be not too big , but where you can use free internet and coffee   tea   soft drinks . overall the hotel be nice and our room be very quiet . the breakfast on floor   be a little dissapointing . for a   star hotel the choise be sufficient a small buffet but the restaurant be typical chinese decorate and compare to the lobby and the rooms it be a little outdated . the staff be friendly but they be not all professionals . resume   a good   star hotel with acceptable price   quality relation but do n't expect   star quality

i stay there for   days and it be a wonderful experience . the rooms be recently renovate , and it be huge by hotel standards . decoration be pleasant and the furnishing be comfortable . the only let down be the television which be an old crt . it be not even flat screen . the room be on the   floor , overlook the busy nathan road . there be slight hum sound come from the traffic below but not intrusive . the bali bar on the top floor be a very pleasant place to cool down after a long day of walking . try the gym but i be the only one there . the staff be friendly , efficient but not intrusive . this hotel be very conveniently locate along busy nathan road , with jordon station around the corner and tsim sah tsui station about   min walk . the famous temple street market be just across the road , about   min walk . i spend most of my time out of the hotel , and only come back in the evening , so this hotel be perfect for the intreipid traveller . all in all , a nice little gem . worth every cent

good location and close from mtr jordan station but with incovenient of town noise . you be in koolown downcenter

we stay fr   jan till  

i have a room on the   floor . it be really large and clean . the hotel be really close to jordan mtr and the hotel also offer a complimentary service to the harbour area

we stay in a renovate room on the   floor . the room be very clean and the decor be nice . the staff be great ! one of the bell hops be exceptionally gracious enough to offer tip and where to go , after drop off our luggage at our room . the only negative be the rate for internet usage at   for   hour , and that be the minimum . other than that , we have a great stay and enjoy stay on nathan road

the nathan hotel be in just the right location on nathan rd with the add bonus of have a starbucks attach ! ! the rooms be very clean with a contempory feel the flat screen tv attach to the wall could be mistake for a mirror it be that big ! ! ! the breakfast be lovely but did'nt quite fancy fry rice that early ! ! ! but there be lots to choose from . the bali bar on the   floor be a must to visit after a days shopping sight see sit on the wonderfull sofa 's sip a cosmopoliton be my favourite place to round the day off . the staff be quite helpfull but can be very blinkered . would recommend this hotel to anybody , i would return

i stay with my family at the nathan grand rooms from   sep for   nights . as the rooms be recently renovate , we find them to be exceptionally clean and comfortable . they be also spacious compare with other hk hotel which give my two year old son plenty of room to run about . we take the promotional package that come with a nice buffet breakfast for two at   + + . we have access to the nathan lounge that offer free drink , tart and internet . the computer in the lounge come in handy as i use it to download the picture and video which we take with our digital camera daily into usb stick

have book a standard room but it have a separate sit room with an additional tv , so it be more like a suite . fluffy bathrobes , big bathroom , very clean . the airport bus     drop us on nathan rd , very close to the hotel . leave hk we have an early departure , so we book the hotel transport ,     , to make life even easier . plenty of bus and jordan station nearby , but we end up do a lot of walking . probably about a   minute walk to the harbour . temple st market close to the hotel . friendly and attentive staff in reception . breakfast buffet a bit ordinary , otherwise everything great

me and my sister , asian girl one in her early   , the other in her late   , stay in nathan hotel for two night just last june . we pay for a superior twin room and love it . we love that the decor of the hotel be contemporary asian and that the ambience of the lobby , our room 's hallway , and our room be very fresh . no peel wall paint , no bald carpet , no dingy hallways . the linen and towel be fresh and spotless white . we each have a huge rolling duffel and carry on and there be enough floor space in our room for me and my sister to move around and put our luggage , carry ons and other stuff . the closet space and drawer space be more than enough i ca n't imagine a situation where it 'll all be needed . there 's a power outlet that be a little tricky for me to find on top of the desk . the bathroom be small , ok , and the bathroom counter top be practically non exsistent but we manage by just leave our toiletry in our toiletry bags . for a two night stay , we do n't want to bother to lie out a lot of our stuff . the buffet breakfast be good . if you 're stay for more than three days , it could be boring . temple st . night market be less than   minutes walk distance from nathan hotel . nathan hotel be closest to the jordan mtr station but walk once to the tsim sha tsui mtr station at the south end of kowloon park and enjoy nathan road with all the stores shops , activity , neon light , double decker bus , and tourist

hotel lobby look grand     with nice set but the image not seem to flow the moment you speak to the staff     you exit the lift . i book   rooms , one superior room     a triple room , when i check it , the stuff tell me the triple room be ready but the other room be not ready     ask me to wait till   , the room give to me be locate   level   , lift be locate at the back of the main lift

stay at the nathan in may . the hotel have construction go on during the day . but i be never there during the day so it be not a problem at all . the rooms be okay . the bed be pretty comfy . the night front desk clerk be hard to understand english . we have be in china for   week and hong kong be our last stop . have to decipher what the clerk be say be no big deal after two weeks . for someone just arrive , it could be a big deal . the hotel be locate about one block away from the jordan mtr . there 's a starbucks right around the corner . there 's also a couple of place to eat in the area . the breakfast buffet be very expensive at the hotel .     per person . we do not eat there . the bar on the   floor be nice . a little get away from the hustle bustle . drink be good . the weather be very hot and humid as it have rain for a week and stop the night we arrived . overall , the stay at the hotel be fine for the price . tons of shopping every where . would recommend that you find out where soho is . great place to hang out for dinner , dancing , and live music

not a lot to say about this one in some ways . end up here as due to a jewelery fair , or whatever be the latest excuse , hotel in hk be either book up or have double their rates . that pretty much apply to the nathan which be overprice at what i pay but fine at the i see be quote for the follow week   half the price nearly . room be a decent size for a hotel of this type and more importantly they 'd make sensible use of space . do n't see in room internet but be only there for one night so do n't really bother . it be convenient for the mtr . local area be the typical wall to wall concrete     neon that be hong kong

there be no deny that hotel rates in hong kong be expensive . and to secure accomodations that include a free breakfast buffet jacks up the price altogether . not with nathan hotel . at a little less than   nett per night for twin sharing , this be one of the stand out value for money deal that can be have in this shopping mecca

my friend and i stay here nov       when we get to the hotel they do not have the room we book available triple occupancy . the manager give us a   bedroom suite instead , the biggest one on the floor . we have   tv in the room with   twin bed     a separte live room area with   couch     another tv . they send a rollaway bed for the   person which be pretty darn comfortable . the staff be super friendly and also speak fluent english . maid be extra nice as well and our room be clean everyday and anything we have request be done . i would definitely stay here again and would highly reccomend to others . rooms seem to be bigger then average hk rooms from the floorplan we have see in our room . our room be definitely much bigger then the average room in us . i would compare the size of our suite to the size of room at venetian suite in vega if not bigger

great location . staff be efficient and helpful . our room smell like cigarette smoke so we ask to be change to a non smoking room   they do this efficiantly and without hassel . include breakfast be quite bad though . would recommend stay here to people who want a great location and use their room only as a place to sleep

arrive at the nathan hotel for a   night stay , slightly apprehensive after reading mix review on trip advisor . book through hotels com and get two rooms for four adult for     usd which be approx Â £   after read review regard the size of the rooms , we be expect to be give rooms the size of shoebox , especially as we do not book through the hotel direct

clean hotel , room quite new , accross the street have night market and food ,   min walk to jardan mrt station , recommend to stay

i stay   night from sept   ,   part of a package   airfare + include hotel

i stay at nathan hotel for   nights . when i first get there , they give me a standard twin sharing room with a rollover bed . apparently if you have only   person , the standard twin sharing bedroom would look good as there would be enough space for   but if add a rollover bed plus an additional person , you would find lesser space to put your bag and walk about , not to mention they have   chair and a coffee table in the room too

as i need to stop over in hk , i have stay in this hotel for   night . when i step in the hotel lobby , there be   staff in counter , but on one find i be there . in front of me there be a western checking in , so i need to wait for   minutes for the check in process . the one who serve me , call david , without any welcome smile and seem like feel impatient to me , but i see him speak to the western with a big smile

i be a little reluctant to stay here after reading some of the review but i can say that i be pleasantly surprise that the naysayer be definitely wrong . the nathan hotel be a solid   star hotel that offer a real value especially with be locate in such a bustle shopping area and with public transportation in abundance nearby

our room never see on internet or review

stay in this hotel over easter for about a week and the room size be quite small , but have expect that . the rooms and hotel in general smell like cigarette pungently , very overpower and sickening . the hotel staff be probably the rudest people i have the misfortune of meeting . they be rude , inconsiderate , no manners , preferably speak to asian tourist only and when confront about a problem make the whole ordeal seem like it be our fault card would not work to gain entry to the door

don â € ™ t believe the photo on their web site , they must be their suites . these be smallest rooms in the world out of hundred i â € ™ have stay in . such a disappointment , i choose this hotel for location and have never be to hong kong before i think it would matter but it doesn â € ™ t , many of the other hotel i consider be all within one to five minutes walk away

after extensive research on your site reading many , many hk hotel review , we be rather disappoint about the glow report of the nathan hotel . our travel agent have book us in to the eaton next door and upon reading review from your site we change our book to the nathan although it be dearer and include no breakfasts . we sleep at the nathan but spend   of our   breakfast at the eaton   superb . our   breakfast at the nathan be nothing short of mediocre . we realise hotel rooms in hk be small but you have to climb over the bed and bedside table to get into the closet and safe in order to hand a maximum of   item of clothing , and this a deluxe room . most people on your site say that hotel in nathan rd be close to everything but we would disagree and next time we would stay at the other end of kowloon near the harbour look across to hong kong . apart from the hotel hk be spectacular

nice furnishing in room , but my god , it 's small ! i set up a corporate account with these guy , and i ca n't imagine put my   boss in one of these phone booth size rooms . look like it have be recently refurbish , and the staff be very attentive . have   bad meal in the restaraunt , i would not recommend eat there . very poor service for both dinner and breakfast , and really bad steak at dinner . if i stay again , i 'd go out

be careful with this hotel . location be good on nathan road , but you can be book into a room almost the size of my 'walkin ' closet ! there appear to be two wings   a   floor section and a larger   floor tower . i be in the   floor section . the larger tower may not have receive the recent million dollar remodeling   as the front desk indicate these be the 'standard ' rooms

the nathan be right off of nathan   the main street in hong kong . it 's very close to the jordon station at the mtr , so it 's great if you want to get around town easily . the lobby have be update but some of the rooms have not . the rooms be circa     especially the hairdryers ! the bed be comfortable though and there be enough space to open   bag and still walk around . the staff be very helpful and friendly . good value if you 're look for something in town with a good location

