i be a hong kong native who move to the san francisco about   years ago , and recently buy a flight + hotel package to go home to visit family . this hotel locate on     choon yuen    street present as one of the cheapest package option , but i mistook this as the newton hotel which be also in the same region of hong kong . be aware   newton inn hotel be not the same as newton hotel on electric road   the latter , which i have visit before , be much more decent and comfortable

my over all experience with the place be pretty ok   well i not really expect much since it be really affordable compare to the others but the placce be

what a nice hotel , the staff be impeccable , the rooms be clean , and the water pressure be actually up to north american pressure standards . the layout of the rooms be very logical , roomy shower , bath tub if you need them , and comfy towel

i stay together with two friend we have one extra bed in the room at the newton inn north point for   night this february

my partner and i stay here for   days because it be near his family . his family in hong kong book this for us and i have to admit i would have choose somewhere else

i stay a week at the newton inn , north point . the room itself be nice . the bed be hard , but spacious . the towel be clean and there be free toothbrush , toothpaste , shower gel , and shower cap available . most rooms have ocean view so it 's very nice view look across the victoria harbor . the hotel have a roof top swim pool . however , it be only open from monday to friday ,       there be business center but it costs hk     for   minutes usage . the hotel lobby be nice and the lobby staff be okay . the housekeep staff be very unfriendly . one night at almost midnight the fuse jump in our room and we be unable to watch tv or use any of the electrical outlet . we call the housekeep staff and they be very unfriendly and impolite . nonetheless , they come by to fix the problem . the hotel location be not very good . it 's in the middle of the open air wet market . therefore , you can see many fish sellers and vegetable sellers right outside the hotel . it 's quite dirty . however , inside the hotel be fine . due to the location of this hotel situate in the middle of the wet market , i probably will not consider go there again in the future . there be hotel with similar price at better location

we stay for   night at the newton inn and find it to be a good value place to stay . the rooms be strange in that they have a kitchenett but no cup , plate or cooking facility be provide , so i do n't see the point

we stay here for   days in jan feb   and be pleasantly surprise

