stay here for a night and the service of some of the staff excellent . the porter , doorman very helpful . reception check in be a tad on the slow side and a bit of an effort to get do but eventually manage to get everything do

have read a bit about this hotel before we leave , we be n't expect too much , but have think it would be ok for a short stay . in fact , we be very pleasantly surprised . we ask for a non smoking room , and be allocate a room on an 'executive floor ' although we have not request any upgrade . the room be well appoint , and be very clean and comfortable . it be n't over large , but i have n't expect that in hong kong , and it be certainly large enough   it do also have an excellent view over the harbour . the service at the desk be good and friendly . breakfast be a wide choice from a buffet of european and chinese dish , in a well appointed dine room . the location be very convenient , just around the corner from the underground , and   stop from hong kong central . as we do n't have long in the city and want to see as much as possible this be important . the airport bus also stop outside the same underground station , which make get back there very easy

we would never stay at this hotel ever again   with so many great choice in hong kong , this hotel be a locals chinese place and not suit for foreign travelers  

stay here on stop over during the rugby   's . staff helpful , even though some do struggle a bit with their english

the location be only a minute from the nearest subway station which be exceptional . it â € ™ s very easy to walk past this hotel with its unassuming entrances . the reception staff give a warm and friendly service and i be provide with an executive room on the   floor . the lift aren â € ™ t up to much as they be very slow , not good if you be stay that high up

front desk on check in be very cold . i do not get the double bed i request and my request be month ago . i end up with hard single beds . the room be ok and i be not sure why others complain about the room

i do n't choose to stay at this hotel by choice , my client from hong kong choose this for it 's location to their company   which be fine for me

after reading the september review i wasnt really look forward to stay here , but as we be only here for   night and a day i wouldnt worry about it . i think the hotel have be give a makeover since this review although the room be very small it be very clean . the swim pool be on the top floor it look ok although we not use it . on the down side the breakfast wasnt very good not really a lot of choice . the staff be very polite and friendly . take the mtr to central then take a   bus to victoria peak its amazing , the view over hong kong be brilliant . round by the hotel there be lots of local shop , the bigger shopping mall be more central . good taxi service to and from the airport and reasonably price

staff be courteous and helpful although only a few have a good grasp of english . the bed be hard and it seem that the rooms for three people have an extra , smaller , bed slip in into a quite small room . we have no problem at breakfast . the swim pool on the roof be very pleasant and the hotel be very close to a mtr station

i be a hong konger . i pick this hotel for its location . but the room be terrible . basic , everything be functional but you do n't feel like stay in there . the room be extremely small even for hong kong standard . very dirty , small old tv . small bathroom , with plumbing problem . even you only want to use it to show and sleep , fine . do not expect too much . you will be disappoint

i stay here for two night and find this hotel to suit my need very well . it be the right price range for someone like myself travel on a budget , the room be fine , and the hotel be in a decent location . be only a short stay in hong kong , i need to be able to get around the city easily so i have time to see the best sights . on arrival at the airport , i purchase an 'airport express travel pass ' for   this card permit me   airport express journey and   days of unlimited travel on the island , tsuen wan , kwun tong , tseung kwan , tung chung and disneyland resort line on the hong kong mtr . the newton hotel be approximately a   walk from fortress hill station on the island line , which you can connect with at central station after get the airport express train . when you exit fortress hill station , take the first pedestrian cross to you 're left . head straight down this road past mcdonalds and electric road be the next block across . when you reach electric road , turn right and the newton hotel be a few yard away . while i be there some construction work be take place at the hotel , but this do n't affect my stay , the staff be friendly , and overall i have a more than satisfactory stay here

we have stay in north point at the city garden hotel and the ibis   both preferable to this hotel . we change rooms twice before we have an acceptable room . bed be very hard and small , as in all hong kong hotel with very little hang space . but the shower be good . staff be not very helpful . but to be fair do deal with complaint efficiently . we do end up with a harbour view room which in a little way compensate for the very sparse furnishing in the room . the breakfast be awful   foolishly we have book beakfast for everyone of our   days stay . there be very little choice of food and on many occasions would run out   when request the food to be replenish   it take a very long time and be of such poor quality it be not worth the wait . would recommend that you forget breakfast and go over the road to starbucks . , or one of the many coffee shop around . lots of chinese eat house also if you want the real hong kong experience . much more friendly , cheaper and more palateable . on the plus side hotel be well place to get around hong kong very close to mtr station at fortress hill and bus and tram to everywhere . give the swim pool a miss   not worth the lift ride to the top of the hotel   not very clean and look very dated . the hotel be undergo a refurbishment at the moment but the rooms although clean be still look tired . certainly restaurant and other publis rooms look very tatty . but if you be on a budget and only need a bed for a few night then the location be good . worth walk into north point to see the shop and market areas . much more like the real hong kong than causeway bay and central . take a tram to happy valley to see the races . or go in the opposite direction and see what you can find . great experience out there . hong kong be very easy to get around and bus regularly will take you to repulse bay and stanley market and give you a tour of the island at the same time

well let start with the one positive   never never never again will we stay at this hotel . tenko would have be pure luxury compare with this dump ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

not bad for a fairly budget price hotel , handily locate for the mtr in place a little bit tired , but fine as a base for your trip , the room i be in be very small , but clean     functional , do n't bother with breakfast here , as it 's extra     rubbish ! ! !

this hotel be very centrally locate near a underground station . the rooms be nice and clean but very very small . the lobby be in need of some renovation but the staff be very helpful

although the hotel be a bit shabby , the location be good and the view from the pool be excellent . find the lift a bit scary although overall the hotel be good value for my budget not

stay for   week and the hotel be in a handy location to travel around hk . staff be polite and helpful , but the hotel be in dire need of a thorough spring clean . the carpet be stain along with the upholster furniture

i recently stay for four night at the newton hotel on a package tour to the annual hong kong rugby   tournament

live in this hotel for   night on     the room i have be extremely small plus the baby crib that i need for my baby . location be about   minutes walk distance from causeway bay so not too bad if your main purpose be to go shopping the whole day and come back to the hotel at night only

this medium grade hotel in the north point area of hk island be now very popular with mainland chinese tour group and if you want to make a reservation do so early as it 's often book to capacity . overall my opinion be that this hotel provide very good value for money for hong kong , particularly good if you want to stay in hk for more than just a few days . rooms be on the small side , about the size of a uk travelodge and some of the rooms on some floor could do with a little spruce up but be generally comfortable and almost all rooms enjoy an excellent view across victoria harbour . this may change , plan to build on the vacant ex govt land opposite the hotel be recently reject but know hk it 's probably inevitable that eventually the land will be build on and the wonderful view lost . the breakfast buffet have a choice of western or asian hot and cold food although a bit pricey at   you can often get breakfast cheaper by purchase in advance on the internet at the time of book accommodation . there be lunch and dinner buffet in the recently refurbish flamingo restaurant . these tend to be on a mainly asian theme . at the time of my visit the lunch buffet be   on weekday ,   at weekend plus     service charge and dinner   any night plus     . the hotel have a separate chinese restaurant , the hong kong old restaurant in the basement , open evening only , which attract a lot of non residents and be reputedly i have never try it one of the finest in hong kong for spicy sichuan and shanghaiese chinese dishes . around the hotel a number of cafe and restaurant have spring up . there 's a rather pricey italian restaurant across the road under the aia tower but if you crave for more reasonably price western food and western music to match try the excellent cosy little greenery tea house just up king road by the footbridge on the ground floor of princess mansion . there be plenty of fast food restaurant close by , macdonalds , maxim , starbucks

we , my   kid and husband stay here box night   it be not   * deluxe but it be clean and do look exactly the same as the rooms advertised we have a twin and a double room , which be fine for us personally after live in hong kong for   years many years ago i be extremely surprise not to see a cockroach ! its a cheap hotel for a stopover and the staff,who be all quite young , be very polite and helpful . i do n't go much on the breakfast , like the kid i just have cereal , but the tea and juice be ok and it be include in our price . however if breakfast be not include there a macdonalds nearby or mtr literally   min away do you could do breakfast in central or on your way out ! nothing take long to get to and you can have a cuppa tea coffee in your room to wake up first

stay november   hotel be surround by chinese shop and cafe , none of them speak much english , the menu be in chinese . the only place to get breakfast close by would be a mcdonalds , starbucks or a cafe   min walk away which serve oat meal and toast which be cheaper and more palletable

not do it           unless the place have be totally refurbished          we stop there for   night on our way to australia in september   be knackered from the flight from the uk , be look forward to a kip in my room , but be totally disappoint with the rooms they have give us , on enter the hotel there be a disctinct smell of damp , which just get worse when we get out of the lift on our floor , the carpet have huge stain on them , and the rooms be pokey , the base on all the bed be stain , i insist on be move to another room , the staff , who be very friendly , do oblige , the next room be not much better , but i be too tired to argue the toss . the first night there , my hubby and son go out of the hotel for a few drink , my daughter and i go to bed , but be wake by the hotel fire alarm go off after midnight , i be terrify as we be on the   floor , i call the operator to see what the problem be , but he speak break english , and say     no fire    , we settle down to sleep again only for the alarm to go off again . the staff be nice , and the location good , but i would advise anyone to check this place out before book , coz the rooms do not look like the picture on display

i choose the hotel because of its excellent facility , particularly the rooftop swim pool . as a lone traveller i also want to be able to use the hotel â € ™ s restaurant rather than go out at night

our   days stay in hongkong be truly a memorable experience . stay at the newton hotel hong kong make our trip even more wonderful . the many young staff be very professional and accomodating . the rooms be smaller than i expect but it be very nice and clean . the food at the flamingo restaurant be excellent and the lunch buffet very affordable . the hotel location be just a minute away from the subway so efficient and other major transportation . there 's a mcdonalds and a   just across the street and many small store along electric road sell fruit ,     a variety of nut and other produce . the vendor , however be not well verse in english but one store we go to have a poster of the fruit in english     chinese

