good impression when i first arrive the hotel . rooms be clean which be good . but like the others mention , bathroom shower be kinda small . anyway , stay here for   night and it 's pretty decent . no bed bugs . staff be friendly and speak good english

we stay at the newton kowloon for   night while visit relative in hk . the hotel be locate in the north side of kowloon , just south of boundary street . it be about a   minute walk to the prince edward mtr station . from there , you can go anywhere in hk or kowloon . it be also close to nathan road which have tons of restaurant and shopping . also within   minutes be the fa yuen street market where you can pick up clothing , toy , accessory , and jewelry at low prices . bargin if you can ! check in and check out be efficient . the staff be friendly , helpful , and speak english . our room have   twin bed hard by my standard , but ok . rooms be small and there be not much room to walk around , but it have a tv , lounge chair and a bay window seat which be convenient to store   suitcase while still enjoy the view . the bathroom be basic and tiny and can only fit one person at a time . it smell a bit musty , but it be clean . the soap dispenser in the shower do not work well and no shampoo bottle be in the bathroom . towel be on the thin side , but overall   the room and bathroom work for us and our stay be comfortable . there be a restaurant in the hotel , but we do not eat there . you also have to pay for internet use . if you want a decent place to stay in kowloon , this be a good choice

as most people review , the location of this hotel be not on the busy street on nathan , yet two block away from the prince edward mtr station . room size be okay   very clean . we get a street view room , which be face the recreation center . across the street there 's a recreation center if you need to run or play basketball . we stay there for   days and no complaint about it . will definitely stay here again

my husband     i just return from a   night stay here . we get a great airline hotel package with   night stay but we pay     for an extra night

stay in newton kowloon for a week . the room 's pretty small   but not as small as the one i stay in in tokyo . quite clean , clean towel provide daily

the newton kowloon be in an excellent location for use the subway and have many good restaraunts in the neighborhood

this hotel be clean and the rooms a reasonable size . nice view over the sport field . we like the location , easy access to the rest of the city from prince edward mtr . popular seafood restaurant in the basement

customer service be aweful , the staff do not try to help us at all . we reserve a room through the internet , and when we get to the hotel for check in , the hotel would not give us a room due to     certain restrictions    that be not mention at all on the internet . we be on a business trip and time be vital and yet the staff have us wait for more than   hour in the lobby , and do not show a help , customer first attitude to resolve the problem . i will not recommend any of my friend , colleague , or anyone to stay in the newton hotel kowloon

stay at newton kowloon for   night with my husband note   i be from hk . we get a room high up , face the sport field   excellent view . note   noise problem in hk hotel be never an issue for me since every hotel have central ac on , and the windows be always double pane . but my hubby be really happy with the view . location be excellent ! !   min to mtr station . restaurant nearby . yes , it be in the middle of the road , but as mention before , it be conviently locate and noise be not an issue . room be nice , look more like a     hotel    then a     motel    , no     run down    feeling at all though be       star    . we only hope that the room be a little bit bigger , ours have a double queen bed , which we learn , next time , get a   separate bed bedroom to have more space to lie things out and move around . in general , recommend for the price and the value . pay about   hkd for   night . and yes , we plan to stay there again for our next trip if my target hotel   longham in mongkok do not have a special then , we will stay at newton again

we stay at kowloon newton for   night in may   no big complaint except that the bed be a little too firm . and they do n't have a queen , only   twins . we request a higher floor

hello folks , not much to complain about w this middle of the road hotel , find the location to be very nice for early morning walk , close proximity to flower market   the staff be ok nothing to write home about , taxi fare from here to central hk about     which be cheap    our room be fair size about   x   , bathroom be not big enough for two people   room service very efficient in make room up w fresh towel , fridge in room , flat screen tv have terrible english language channels , news all the

i just want to provide a quick review since there be no other comment on this hotel

