a relatively new hotel , locate pretty well , easy walk to jordan mrt station . there be plenty of local shop to fill the most ardent shopper wish , and its an easy walk to tsim sha tsui area for more shops . the rooms be typical hk   small , but they be well appoint , clean , tidy and have wifi . the staff , particularly the one you need to know things concierge be helpful and friendly . only one in house restaurant , but as there be countless place to eat outside , why bother with it . breakfast selection could be better for those want an asian menu but for westerner its ok . cant really fault this hotel too much , would be ideal for business , but as the rooms be small , a family would require more than one . adjoin rooms be available

i just come back from hongkong with my husband ,   young kid , age   and   we stay from dec     dec   at the novotel nathan road . i book the hotel by call the hotel directly and ask for an extra bed since there be   of us sharing in one room . the hotel provide us with an extra bed with no extra charge which be a great deal . we do n't choose the price that come with breakfast package , so can not comment on that . the hotel be very clean , and modern . the room be small and so be the bathroom . but we do n't mind since we only come back to hotel for sleep . the location be good , close to everything   mcd   hours , starbuck which already open at   and other restaurants . at one time , my kid want to drink chocolate milk . rather than order it through room service , we just go to nextdoor store to get it . so it 's really convenient . however , the staff be not really helpful . we want to take the airport express but be not sure since we bring a lot of luggages . we ask if this be possible , and if there 's an elevator service at the express airport service in kowloon so we do not have to carry all the luggages . he say he do not know and do not bother to check call or ask someone else who might know . overall , the hotel be good . but next time if i stay in hongkong , i would like to try and stay at the eaton hotel . it 's also in the same vicinity as novotel , but the hotel be a pick up location for the free airport express shuttle service , so it 's convenient . at the time when we be there , there be a family promotion for airport express service which cost hk     we take the taxi from novotel to airport and it cost hk    

will definitely choose this hotel on our next visit

this be the second time of the year that we be stay in this hotel . everything be excellent especially the staff even the staff who be cleaning our floor   very friendly . we feel really at home in this hotel and will come back again if we be go hong kong . the free internet service in the lobby be good too

we be a couple from finland and just spend   nigths in this hotel   good location , friendly staff ,   floor worth stay   own reception and breakfast facility light but sufficient etc on the   floor

just return from a seven night stay at novotel nathan road . superb spacious , modern and very equip rooms , fantastic location , combine with excellent service

stay   night in an executive room with     lounge access    . room be great , albeit not large but modern , clean and comfy . the big shower be great only gripe no fan so it get quite hot in the bathroom , but then most hotel do n't seem to have them these days for some reason location of hotel be excellent as it be right on nathan road and so close to temple street market and so close to jordan station

we have just spend   days on the premier level   floor and could n't fault the service , cleanliness , location , the room or the value . the premier level costs a little more but include be a light breakfast serve in a cheerful lounge area , afternoon tea , cocktail , and on floor concierge service . plus it be quiet even though the hotel be locate on nathan road . nothing be too much trouble for the staff

welcome friendly staff and well appoint guest rooms   and a great value for money price   give us a great four night stay at this novotel hotel in hong kong

this hotel have a lot go for it and the only drawback as with most hotel in hong kong be the room size . if you spend a lot of time in your room you would be disappoint but hell who want to waste time in their room when your on vacation . if the small room size do n't worry you you will be ecstatic with the location as it be near the jordan mtr and two block from the night markets . there be an abundance of low cost eat house in the area and some fantastic reflexology outlet offering foot massage for very little money . staff in the hotel be extremely efficient and courteous and the cleanliness of the rooms be impeccable . a great hotel for the money

it be our first trip to hong kong and we stay here for   night

this hotel have an excellent location both for sightsee and for business visitors . locate in a side street of bustle nathan road , the subway station be very close , and it 's also very easy to arrange a taxi on short notice with the friendly staff . by hong kong mean , the rooms be rather big and have a nice big tv to boot , and the hotel have friendly price

this novotel be well locate in a shopping aerea of kowloon

book online in this hotel with a promo , stay with my mom and brother , near in night market area , good

stay one night in hongkong . come the hotel directly from airport . easy to find shuttle bus in the arrival terminal . cost be about hk     and it take about   minutes to reach the hotel . main entrance of the hotel be locate in an adjacent street to the busy nathan road . very friendly staff and helpfull with taxi . modern facilities . view from my room be not so nice but be in hk , it 's normal . internet work fine in the room . have a nice bar piano bar i do n't try but look cosy

we stay here for five night in a an executive premier floor room . i would highly recommend this style of room to anyone   even with a child . our room be on the top floor , have our own reception area , computer and free internet use in our reception area , free afternoon tea and happy hour

stay for   night at the end of august and i be really pleasently surprise by the novotel nathan road hotel . the hotel be modern , well appoint and the rooms be a comfortable size . do not have breakfast at the hotel but many place to eat just within walk distance from the hotel . jordan mtr stop a one minute walk and nathan road only   away . no free internet in the room but some computer in the lobby for guest use free of charge . a nice place to stay in hk

go to hong kong with   girlfriend for non stop shopping and wow what a hectic   days we had . we arrive at the hotel and checking in be prompt and the staff very efficient . we be give rooms on the   floor , we catch the lift up and be hit by the smell of cigarette smoke . go back down to reception and without any trouble at all they move us to the   floor

fantastic location on nathan road ,   min walk from temple street market , loads of cheap restaurant and jordan mtr station . the airport bus   drop off directly in front of the hotel . despite the central location we have abolutely no problem with noise of any kind

stay here for one night on route to phuket and get a reasonable rate . pay extra for executive vip room which be probably better as breakfast be include , and it be on the   floor , however i would have rather pay a bit more and get a decent view . i be not too keen on overlook a tenement block but as it be only the one night i be n't look at it for too long

stay on   floor     premier suites    for three nights . rooms be fantastic , king bed , decor new and modern , airconditioned and extremely clean and well serviced . all staff be efficient and friendly . our breakfast , happy hour   hours incl . food , afternoon tea from   daily , plus free internet access be complimentary and delicious . would totally recommend novotel nathan road kowloon , and can not wait to return

stay here for   night and   days with friend in connect rooms be fun and somewhat convenient . just   small block from the jordan mtr station , novotel nathan road be an cool and memorable experience . small rooms but nicely lay out with practical gadget and items . room service be great and service be quick , efficient and personalized . a special kudos go to housekeep for keep both rooms tidy everyday and adjust to our personal taste my friend re positioned his king size bed to his like , so housekeep take note of it and maintain it that way for him . two mtr stop away from mong kok and   from central , this hotel would be affordable and convenient for anyone who 'd like to spend a shopping week in hong kong

stay   night at novotel nathan road . very polite and friendly staff in a lovely and clean hotel . we stay in premier room and enjoy some of the extra entitlement that come with premier club  comp water daily,evening cocktail etc . buffet breakfast also enjoyable . affordable value . thank you to all the staff at this hotel especially anne for a wonderful customer experience

have a fantastic three night stay in the novotel nathan road . after five week of travel around europe stay in hostel and cheaper hotel , this be a very welcome change

just get back from a trip in hongkong with my wife and two kids .

this hotel be an oasis from the hustle and bustle of nathan road . it be in pristine condition and spotlessly clean . the staff be excellent and nothing be too much trouble . the location be very good as it be near to the temple street night market and close to jordan tube station . from the tube station you can easily get to any destination . if you prefer to use bus , lots of them leave from nathan road . we have a lovely stay here and would choose to stay again

stay here in august  

we find this hotel to be clean and staff be very helpful

very clean and nice room with view of the street below . very nice staff that could not do enough for you . fridge not very cold be the only downside . if you leave your shoes outside the door they clean them for free

we manage to book   standard room and   superior room during their   days asia sale at s     and s     per night respectively . generally the difference between the standard and superior be   standard have bathtub , superior do n't . superior have   complimentary water , higher floor , free bedroom sleepers . other than that , the size and room be the same . each room come with a single sofa seat

we stay here from   to   june   i book directly through the hotel 's website for about   per night . a week our arrival , we be invite to upgrade our room to the executive floor for an extra   sgd , with daily breakfast and afternoon tea snacks . of course , we do

i book this hotel through visit hongkong via cathay pacific . location be good , right in the center of everything and nathan road .   store across , wing on store innthe other side where you can find fashonable clothes at good price , money exchange center just down and good food center nearby . around   minutes walk to mtr station jordan though but just fine

my hubby surprise me with a trip to hong kong for     for my birthday . he get a great deal with this hotel . let me first just say the location of this hotel be perfect , right in the middle of nathan road . so either way up or down the road be great . a short walk to the temple road night market which be huge as there be   parts to it . also the lady market , during the day which be about a   minute walk from the hotel

this be a relatively new hotel , which be modern look and clean . unlike other hotel which have a linger cigarette smoke smell , this hotel do n't . location be good , near the jordan mtr , some nice eateries . staff be friendly and the hotel have   imacs for guest use . unfortunately , the time limit be a little short . i like this hotel so much i even cut short my stay in macau to return to hong kong earlier . i 'd definitely consider this hotel the next time i travel to hong kong

this be a very cool , chic , modern hotel   just my type . we opt for the premier upgrade so that we could make use of the premier lounge . it offer breakfast , snack , cocktails    but realize that it be n't worth the extra   hk dollars . the breakfast be so so , the snack be quite pathetic , and the cocktail end way too early for cocktail       ? ! ? ! .

easy to get there by the airport express train     a   minute ride free by bus or a   minute ride by cab for less than  

originally book this property in its previous guise as it be reasonable value for money . we get really lucky and novotel buy it and spend million refurbishing . our book be honour which be fantastic

have an excellent few night at the novotel kowloon . the room on the executive floor be excellent . the bed be comfy and everything be modern and great . provide the electrical converter be a huge help . for a little bit more exec . floor price , we get breakfast , afternoon tea and cocktail in the evening . we never get around to enjoy afternoon tea , but the other two be pretty good . in the evening , we enjoy beer , wine , cocktail and some great food , although i notice that the two times we go they do n't change the menu

book   night of stay here via accor 's   day website sales at a very good deal ! we be upgrade to the superior room upon check in and we be delight ! love the modern decor of the room , and also the option of choose the kind of pillow that you like . bed be comfy as well . the feel of the room be very cosy , clean and comfortable . oh yes , do remember to put the do not disturb sign on , to prevent intrusion of your sleep from the housekeep lady who start to call rooms up for housekeep at   ! there 's also a gym for those who be interested in work out , what be lack be a swim pool . location of the hotel be great , just about   min walk from jordan mtr exit b . once again , novotel have live up to its name ! i will be back

have a great stay over here . room be cosy and comfortable and service as good . not have a chance to try the buffet lunch at the hotel though . i will definitely stay here again ~ ! will be great if there be more tv channels and if there be disposable comb and shaver provide in the hotel room .

the hotel really live up to it 's name . everything be great , friendly staff     free internet at lobby .  

cold     clinical be my first thought on enter the downstairs foyer . the same stark decor follow through to the reception desk on the first floor    lots of white and grey marble , minimalist decor

book this hotel when the accor hotel have their   day asia sale . for   per night exclude breakfast , it be a steal . this hotel be centrally located . the mrt be less than   min walk from the hotel . the temple street market be just across the road and there be an underground pass . plenty of restaurant around the area and   be locate just next door

stay at this hotel from   of july . the point i would like to make be the good value of the     per person for the upgrade which include a room on the top floor , breakfast be buffet style not as extensive as that downstairs,but certainly enough for most , afternoon tea limited selection of sanwiches and cake or pudding , tea . evening cocktail ,           , be help yourself style , include wine , spirits , beer and soft drinks . it also include two hot dishes,often tandori chicken and spicy meatballs,dips papadams , beancurd , duck or salmon , nuts . after eat this you probably wo n't want to go out for more . service be outstanding . just ask and it be do in a flash , nothing be too much trouble . location be brilliant as it be away from the really touristy part of the tsim sha tsui area , unless you like the high end shopping culture . this hotel be around the block from the temple street market and hundred of other less pretentious shops . seven eleven store across the road and wing on department store across nathan rd cater for many of our need

we stay here for   night and could not fault it . it be clean , the staff be friendly . the hotel itself be only   block from the mtr jordan station , from there we could get to nearly anywhere

i stay at this hotel with my two child   and   for   night   of

this hotel be nicely locate in the central area of kowloon , close to the well known street market   lady market and major shopping area such as harbour city . it 's   minutes walk from underground station

we recently stay at novotel citygate a great hotel and this time we want to try a kowloon location . citygate staff recommend to try our nathan road property and i be n't disappointed . my wife i go into the bar and to our suprise we find our favourite pianist singer mona from regal airport play here everynight now . to have someone reconised us both by name be very nice and mona be just a fantastic person not to mention a great pianist singer . the novotel be very busy and although they seem push at times be always very friendly and accommodating . goodbye regal , these two novotels will always now have our hong kong business now .

i be amaze at my stay last june   at this hotel

novotel nathan rd kowloon near temple night market . beware pick

we stay at novotel kowloon from the   june and we have a really bad experience with the check in . the staff be do million of thing while look after us and then we be give a   single bedroom instead of   king size even though we make our book and pay for it like   month ago . while argue we be tell that either that or late check in like   which be inappropriate as we be tired since we set off since       be and be now  

my husband and i stay at the novotel nathan road in june for   nights . we have a very pleasure stay , the rooms be very tasteful and have a really cosy element . we have a shower room which again be really trendy and comfortable . in previous review some people have say the room be too small , but we find it a perfect size   it suit us brilliant

locate in jordan , a few second walk to nathan road . this hotel be great value for money . clean rooms and nice facility

we stay here for   night on our way back from uk . staff be very polite and friendly service be very good . our room be clean and very nice , it have recently be upgraded . the room be large . we eat at the restaurant , it be ok nothing out of the ordinary . we catch the mtr a few times . easy to use walk distance to lady and men markets . we would stay

book this hotel as an advantage plus member for our   day stay in hong kong . the hotel be easily reach from the airport by a public airport bus   at hk     one way but be prepare that the bus take about   hour to get to the bus stop   nathan hotel and then it 's about a   minute wall to the hotel entrance to hotel be locate on saigon street

this hotel be fine for a stay in hong kong . my girlfriend and i stay two night as a short visit on the way to the uk . we stay on the premier floor for a small fee which upgrade you to the highest floor and you can then have breakfast , afternoon tea and free alcohol in the evening .   you also get free internet on this floor whereas you would have to pay for it otherwise

we stay here for one week on holiday   we be very please as it be great value for money . very close to the night market , the hotel be on nathan road but away from the noise . there be a good selection for breakfast

the approach to the hotel be misguide , but the hotel itself be a good surprise . its in a bylane just across the temple street market not shady,good location . right next to it there 's a   store the jordan mrt station be about   block away , a   min walk very much in the city but also away from the madness of tsim tsa shui,which be just the next station hotel be very good , but always ask for higher floors i be on the   floor , too close to other residence nearby . need to keep the curtain draw all the time a friend on the   floor be better off bathroom and room very modern and new . love the interiors . the reception restaurant and bar on the first floor be good there 's free internet access for resident for   mins . each day all in all a lovely experience and value for money the staff be very co operative needed a late check out . not once do they hurry me up

we be in hong kong for   days on vacation and i book novotel base on tripdvisor review

i would highly recommend this hotel

whilst not in the 'swanky ist ' part of nathan rd and kawloon , this hotel be really good value for money and do n't cost the same as the ritzy hotel up the other end either . the location so close to jordon mtr just make it so accessible as well . good modern rooms

plus   helpful conceirge help us with our baggage from the street level to our rooms . lobby be at   level and be very lovely and trendy . check in take a while but checking out be speedy . be give a connect room as per request room   . the corner room   be smaller and have no bath tub . both rooms be lovely decorate despite the small size   we not mind at all . the nice bed , flat screen tv , ample tv selection , ala carte pillow selection , sofa bed and movable write desk , complimentary newspapers . rooms have steam iron , iron board and safe . rooms exhibit sleek and trendy ambience , accompany by the nice lightings . toiletry be also colourfully fill in     test tube    like bottles . best of all be the complimentary ice maker on every floor which we can take free ice for parties . lift and lift lobby be huge and the entire hotel be newly renovated . location be a   min underpass walk away from temple street and the   bus stop right at the hotel at nathan road . handful of eatery around . wing on department store just opposite .   min walk away from jordan mtr station . service be ok

stay at the novotel for   night at the end of april   in an executive room , we be able to check into the room at   , which be fantastic , the room be great , the staff all very friendly and helpful , the extra 's that you get , breakfast , afternoon tea and a   cocktail session with free hot snack be really good

stay   night at the premier floor inclusive of breakfast , afternoon snack , cocktail and internet . not really worth the money . breakfast out of the hotel be better and cheaper . afternoon snack be quite lousy , some pastry and simple ham cheese sandwiches . cocktail be surprisingly good , compare to the breakfast and afternoon snacks . don â € ™ t expect the hotel to serve any dim sum during these meals . the only dim sum i have be a bun during breakfast , which be a far cry from what i expect in hk

we stay here for   night before go to the parklane husband have business meeting to attend thus work pay for parklane . we choose the novotel because they have a great asia sale when i be look at book our hotel , we pay     and then pay another     to upgrade to a premier room . we stay our last   night at the novotel citygate

stay here during the labour day holiday for   nites . book from the accor sales very cheap weekday cost about   hkd a nite ! location be superb ! only   minutes to jordan mtr and u can use subway to pass nathan road and get to temple street

we be lucky to get a very good rate for this hotel in the sale . i must say i be very please with my stay here . the hotel be run very efficiently , although you will not get a very personalise service typical of chain hotel though

overall the hotel be great . nice and clean , the staff be friendly . i manage to get the room at a great rate with the novotel asian sale at the beginning of the year . location be evreything i could have ask for and more . very handy to the night market and a pleasant and interesting walk to the lady market , gold fish market and bird garden . bus be literally at the front door and leave every   second or so it seem

the novotel nathan road hk be a good   star hotel in an excellent location for shopping and public transport . we stay on the club floor which have a small club which seats about   people . the rooms be small and clean suitable for   guest only . the staff be friendly enough but some seem to have a fix     grave yard type of smile    . i do not recommend the food in the hotel but plenty of other better food nearby the resident indian tailor out the front of the hotel make a real pest of himself and can be quite rude . hong kong be a real let down with terrible smog visability very poor and not good for anyones health . disneyland really be not up to the standard of other disneyland around the world very small and very tame ride with a lot of very rude queue jump mainland chinese which will really spoil your stay . what disneyland lack in wild rollercoaster type ride can easily be recitifyed by take a double decker bus from the top of the summit back to the tram as these bus driver drive as if they have a death wish . madam tussaud lack the display in london and be very poor value for money . it be impossible to get a real good view of hong kong from the peak because of the smog the panda bear be worth see at ocean park . in close i suggest you give hong kong a big miss and travel elsewhere in asia . the best part of hong kong be watch the runway light disappear into the smog on take off

book online during the accor   day sales in feb   for a   night stay . for the first   night we do n't get the room with a double bed as we requested . this could be due to our late check in . finally get a room with a double bed on the   night

we stay here for one night . overall all it be a pretty good hotel . we have stay at numerous hotel in hong kong . i would say that the room be average size , the location be good about   minute walk to mtr . free internet in lobby for   minutes day . room be quiet . we have stay in hotel that be twice as much and definitely not much better . would stay again

we be pleasantly surprise with our room at novotel nathan . we spend the weekend in hong kong during the labor day holiday and most of the hotel be book up . we stay in another hotel in the same price range and novotel nathan beats our previous hotel by a long shot

book   standard rooms during   week of apr , get it for a good rate during the accor hotel promo

the hotel be nicely renovate so everything be new . the design be very zen     modern . we go for the superior room and be give a room on the higher floor . we do n't hear much noise but there be no view either . my room be actually oppossite a residential apartment . there 's a lcd tv , stand in shower and nice amenities . the room be small common for hk hotel so if you have more than   adult , i recommend you get a bigger room or go to another hotel . there be a   just opposite the hotel   you can pick up magazine , drink etc easily . i do n't have any meal at the hotel as there be nice cafe and a dessert stall just opposite the hotel . i request for a late checkout and the reception be very accomodating . a   min walk to the jordan mtr . con   we take the airport express train we hop onto the tsuen wan train at central mtr and it be challenge trip to the hotel . there be no lift to the street level   you have to carry your luggage up the stairs and down the stairs . so i suggest you either take a cab or take the airport bus . there be n't much shopping around the hotel area too . you have venture out to mong kok or tst or central etc . other than this , it be a nice hotel     i wo n't mind visit it again

stay for   night at this hotel in early apr on the   floor the highest floor be  

others have write that the rooms be small , but i disagree . by hk standard , the size be very comfortable . i have a twin room   bed , which fit   adult nicely . the bed be place close to each other with a small gap in the middle . there 's enough space for luggage and we certainly do n't feel squeeze into a box like other hk hotel i have hear of

be very impress the first time i stay in this hotel last summer but disppointed by the last stay last month especially about the service     actually inexistant

the hotel be renovate not too long ago,so everything be quite new . the room have no weird smell and very clean . the bathroom be small but very clean . king size bed be good not too hard . the subway station be only a few minutes away and only take   minutes to talk to the star ferry pier , or you could just take the bus which stop almost in front of the hotel . the hotel also give   minutes per day free internet access , enough for me to check email and look up some travel info . service be so so , but i really do n't deal with them except check in and check out . try the breakfast buffet for the first couple of days , for     hkd , be n't really worth it for me . for what i pay overall it be good value i would go back

my partner and i have just return from a   day trip to hong kong . after much search on the internet for hotel in hong kong before we leave , we discover the novotel nathan road hotel through tripadvisor . i be so glad we do , we be up on a high floor and although the view be not much to see , mainly rooftop , it be a sanctuary for us away from the hustle and bustle of nathan road . this hotel be very modern with very nice rooms , build in lcd tv , modern furnishing and a nice bathroom . the rest of the hotel be just as nice , very spacious lobby with internet access , bar and restaurant . we check in very late at night and find the staff to be really friendly and happy . as for location , this hotel be right on nathan road which be in itself a great bonus . we walk everywhere but bus run right past the door and train stations be not far away . the temple street night market be a stone throw from the hotel and the star ferry wharf and harbour be about a   minute walk . this hotel be not really family friendly in the sense that the rooms be not enormous although i believe much larger than typical hong kong hotel rooms and there be little if any activity for child but for us it be ideal

this hotel be on nathan road , the main strip in downtown kowloon , and be in a great location . it be   minutes to temple st night market , close to mongkok     yau ma tei where good and food be cheaper than the main tourist area of tsim sha tsui . the mtr metro train station of jordon be just acound the corner , and the bus stop be right outside the hotel in nathan road . to get to the star ferry terminal which will take you across hong kong harbour to the main island , you can walk or take a   minute bus ride . walk will give you insite into the wide varierty of shop and restaurant which be open to   in the evening

we stay in novotel from march   then check out for our trip to macau on march   then come back for an overnight stay on march   this shuttle back and forth from the hotel we never encounter any problem with the service of the staff specially when we have to check in and out of the hotel that often . the rooms size be not that big but enough for   person and their quite new or they just know how to maintain it that well . the location be centrally locate specially if your travel with two senior citizens . its near an mtr , shop and restaurant so a regular tourist wo n't have a hard time get around . and if ever you get hungry at night you can just cross the street and a   be just there . all in all i guess my stay with novotel be one of the best stay i have in hongkong and i would n't mind stay with them again

we have just return from the novotel nathan road after   night and be happy with our stay . the hotel be in a great location with jordan mtr station only a quick walk away

the novotel nathan road be fantastic ! the rooms be clean and modern . i love it even when it be the old majestic and when i find out it have renovate and change name to novotel and not hesitate to book it . the hotel be close to shop and food outlet and only a short walk to the mtr . i travel to hk   times a year and have try most of the hotel in the tst and jordan precint . so far the novotel be number   on my list . i will definetly stay there again on my next trip . only complaint be i request for a non smoking room but nothing be available during the peak season . instead they give me a smoking room and upgrade me to the executive floor . luckliy the room not smell of cigarettes . overall it be a great stay

wow hong kong be fantastic we arrive on the   of january   from   night in singapore . we have only   hours sleep the night before because of a noisy hotel in singapore on new years eve . novotel nathan road be very very clean but very very small do not put   people include kid in one room you will be sorry , i be very fussy where i stay but i would be back there in a heart beat . we stay in a premier floor room on the   floor no need to pay for premier floor my son stay on the   floor in a superior room , all the rooms be the same it be just that you get breaky in a special room on the   , we eat breaky on floor   in the cafe instead because you have more variety than upstairs , the only extra you get be broadband for free and afternoon tea which be not worth it . this hotel be in the heart of it all and close by be all the markets . we be accor advantage member and they fall over backwards for us . we be very very comfortable even though the bathroom be the size of a broom cupboard no joke but not let that turn you off    top hotel

my wife and i travel to hong kong once every   to   year for vacation but most of the time we stay at relative before we be marry

spend   night at novotel in oct . very central , close to jordan train station not mtr from airport ! beeen recently refurbish to a very high standard , rooms small but well furnished very close to nathan road but upper floor be not noisy at all no view

the modern design of all the public area and rooms be superb . there be   minutes free internet access per day via i macs in the lobby and it costs   hk   for each additional   minutes . the room be very compact and if my wife have be with me we 'd have find it too small   but it be fine for one person . maid service be prompt and comprehensive . i have no criticism of any aspect of this hotel   but after take breakfast at the eaton , one short block away , and checking its rates i think the eaton offer better value . both the eaton and the novotel be close to the jordan subway stop and temple street night market   great location

after the novotel take over the old majestic , we not hesitate to try out this property for ourshort visit in kowloon . previously we stay nearer to the heart of tst but those rooms be so tired look so for the similar price range , we certainly think the novotel be a much more attractive option

  get there   an easy   minute walk from the mtr station . but you 'd have to have your address handy because there be so much go on at nathan rd where you get out of the station that you can get confused easily . get to the traffic light and look at the street sign to see which way be the address . the entrance be down a side street few metre only

the start of our   week round the world holiday , family of four   and   year old kid plus   adults . i have numerous email to staff at this hotel after see     familyrooms    advertise on the website and we be all look forward to a stopover in hong kong stay in our ? familyroom    . on arrivalwe check in go to room to find   single bed in a room that be so small . front desk     fixed    our problem at extra cost and give us adjoin rooms . the   rooms be very comfortable but i be extremely dissatisfied with the service i receive on book this hotel as i feel the rooms be totally misrepresent the website do state     familyrooms    i have write to hotel and they have rectify the website

i stay at the novotel hong kong in august   and the hotel itself be fantastic , all the rooms have recently be renovate and the bed be super comfy , the bathroom be great although sometimes the water from the shower leak on the floor which be easily fix with place a towel there

the novotel in kowloon would definitely be one of the best hotel to stay in . the location on nathan road be fantastic . the hotel be very modern , clean and the staff be very friendly and helpful . the rooms be spacious with marble bathroom and luxurious amenties to compliment . the have a flat screen cable tv , complimentary tea , coffee and bottle water replenish daily . the also off the use of an adaptor without charge , which i have never see in other hotel

first time with novotel

stay at the nathan road hotel for   night while on business pleasure in hong kong . my room be on the   floor . the place be clean and quiet . rooms be a little tight but tolerable . staff be very helpful . the place be four short block from the mtr subway jordan station so i be able to make it from the hotel to the convention center under   minutes not in rush hour

i stay   night with my family at novotel nathan and have a very nice stay

we stay here in june for   night enroute from mainland china to australia . book through advantage plus membership so get great rate of     + tax . the rooms be pretty small but newly do out and really comfortable . no free internet unless you be in an executive room and breakfast be not include burt we get   for   with our advantage plus card

we just return from hong kong . we stay at this hotel for   night from   may   to   may  

stay at this hotel for   nights . have only be open   week , very nice refubishment ,     us be spend

this hotel be know as majestic hotel . it 's newly renovate and just have their grand open on mid march   so when i be there for   night in late march , it be a brand new hotel , we still could smell the paint and the new furnitures . it be a pretty good experience there , although we start a little bit rough . it be when our room be n't ready when we check in although we 'd pay our total bill in advance when we do the book and it be n't an early check in and we have to wait for   hour . but when we look our room for the first time , we really like it . it be really modern room , smaller than the impression we get from the hotel 's photo , but it be really pretty . they give spare of almost everything , from soaps to tissue papers . they even prepare what they call a la carte pillow , meaning you can choose the tenderness of pillow you want . the first morning , we get the south china post which be very good . however , the next   morning , the send us the standard which be very thin and it turn out to be free copies . the last morning we get the south china post again . we think maybe that morning the hotel could n't find any free newspaper that could save them a little money . although i not think give the guest proper newspaper will cost them a fortune , but save be saving . apart from these , the hotel be really nice . the location be just perfect . it 's in the middle of nathan road where we can find anything . the famous temple street market be just across the road through the subway , and even the subway be literally in front of the hotel door . the jordan mtr station be just max   minutes away .   and lot of local restaurant be just across the street . and starbucks be   minutes away . for the money value , it 's just perfect . the hotel be position next to eaton and nathan hotel , but it 's cheaper than the   neighbours . i have be to hong kong a couple of times , try a couple of hotel and if i have to choose   hotel as my favourite hotel in hong kong , this hotel be definitely one of them

