locate very close to the happen place in hong kong . lots of night club near by and good restaurant

be pleasantly surprise by this hotel . expect a very basic offering as it be n't all that expensive hk     per night but get the works . locate just opposite my office across the street and be walk distance from most of the place you would need to go . a train station be a   walk . causeway bay be a   min walk . plenty of local store for everything from shopping for furniture or plumbing or the things that hong kong be more famous for within a stone 's throw distance . an ikea at causeway bay be quite convenient and i actually walk back

the foyer initially feel a bit cramp but i get use to it and the bar on the mezz and the dine room on level   be terrific   staff really help with dine book at aqua on kowloon which be sensational . the bedroom be small but very clean and quiet and bathroom be fine . it be well locate for work and leisure

have a meeting to attend and stay in this hotel with my colleagues . rooms be ok and view reasonable . room service be ok . like the internet access . would have preffered a bath tub but not enough size

my husband and i and our small baby spend one week at this hotel in november and feel completely at home and relax in the friendly and warm environment . the staff impress us by always go the extra mile . the team help us with everything from point us in the right direction of seriously fantastic restaurant , find us a good doctor when our baby fall ill and somehow manage to locate a humidifier for the room and generally greet us with a smile every day of our stay . we can not speak more highly of the team at novotel wanchai . our thanks to each of them for make our stay with them a truly enjoyable experience

we stay here after years of stay at the equatorial as the cost of equatorial be get ridiculous and do n't regret make the change . the rooms be functional , service be efficient and the location be great ! you can access the mtr and wanchai ferry terminal easily . there be a money changer just across the road with very good rates and long open hours . we could pick up wing wah famous hong kong brand for local biscuit , pastry , sausage etc goody from across the road and check them all in rather than buy them at the airport and haul them in hand luggage . a pacific coffee be just behind the hotel as be little hk eatery for reasonably price food . when we check out , we find pay tv charge on our kid room as my son have accidentally play with the remote   since it be on for just a few minutes , they nicely waive the charge and we 're happy for that level of service

a vibrant hotel with all neccessities for a business traveler with the duty staff ensure a pleasant stay

this be a basic , business hotel . everything works well and the staff be efficient . the rooms be acceptable and small in size . since i stay there with my husband and son , i pay hk     a night for an upgrade to a bigger room on a higher floor that come with free internet access via cable . you can see in the picture that i have attach that the usual rooms be quite small . the upgrade room be awkward in shape but bigger . this hk     upgrade be really worth it   we appreciate the additional space and the extra bed that come with it

this be one of the best novotel i have ever stay , for traveler who use to be   novotel brand , this hotel be a good location in hong kong island , and the staff be well train and professional as well as the quality of room such as cleanliness and services

i be very happy stay at this hotel for   nights . position be excellent being close to the mtr and the ferry that take you to kowloon . rooms be a little small but adequate . service and value be excellent . i would definitely stay there on my next visit

locate in the mildly seedy area of wan chai , this hotel be situate close to subway , star ferry , home improvement store and strip clubs . oh yes , there be some good restaurant near by as well . the hotel be very     euro style    and chic . the rooms be on the small size unless you upgrade to a suite . beware of the upsell when you check in , the price they quote be per person , not per night , so it do add up . upgrade do include wire internet and daily breakfast . wireless internet be only available for   one hour session per day , otherwise you will be charge extra if you go over the hour allotment . the bed be softer then most asian hotel have , but still a little on the hard size , and of course very small . the tv get lots of english channels , the bathroom be of good size , but there really be no shower enclosure , so things tend to get wet in parts of the bathroom . in short , the novotel be a good value in a pretty good location

go to hong kong for the long weekend , we be look for a good hotel in good location , which would fit our family of     our kid be   yr and   month old . we have be to hk before and know that we would have trouble fitting into the average size room    but we want to avoid spending money on two rooms or a family room . the novotel century 's advertising be a bit confusing   on all ad they say they accommodate   adult and   child , but when we try to book for that , we would be tell that the book exceed the number of people . finally we just say there be only one child and hope for the best when we turn up

i recently travel to china via hong kong and stay at the novotel century for a few night   great service on the executive level   staff be only too happy to assist with any enquiry

the hotel be in wanchai on hk island and be   minutes taxi ride from the airport express central station . it be also   min walk from wanchai subway station . suzi wong have long since retire from wanchai but some of her filipina and thai cousin be still dancing in the girly bars there . nevertheless , these be not all that noticeable these days as a huge number of pub , restaurant and live music venue cater to expat have now spring up in wanchai 's lockhart and jaffe roads . you can easily get into central or causeway bay by cab , subway or tram and it be a great location for business or pleasure , if you prefer to be on hong kong side

my wife and i travel extensively and the staff at novotel wanchai exceed expectation , once again . their courteous manner and willingness to assist be of the highest order and will ensure that we return again and again . well do to the staff , as it be your effort that set this hotel apart ! many

we be in a bit of a rush when book this hotel and as a consequence fail to do much research on appropriate hotels . it be ok . rooms be small and have probably see better days . the headboard be dirty but rest of room be ok . bathroom be fairly clean and reasonable size . the public area be spacious and nice enough . i do n't eat in the hotel but there be a great coffee shop over the road . the highlight of the hotel be the gym and pool which be lovely and suprisingly large for a city centre hotel . one word of warning     we arrive very tired and very early after a long haul flight . we be desparate to sleep so pay the     upgrade per night for an executive room . this be not worth the money unless you plan to spend all your holiday in a hotel . the room be no different to any other room , there be no enhance access to the fitness faciliites . you get an hour access to the internet per day , breakfast , afternoon tea and cocktails . the latter we do n't make use of as we be out and about exploring . the man behind reception claim that they only way that we could get to bed that morning be to take the upgrade . this could have be the case but it be a high price for   hours sleep

this be a great hotel   stayed   night wait for visa and do other groovy things in hong kong like disney with the kid get a good deal around     cos i be a member of accor advantage plus  

stay for a week at the end of july in a club room . enjoy the modern rooms and the monsoon shower . have lunch at the bar one day and the buffet another and both be excellent . only spend one night in the club floor lounge , be small but good selection of drink   the food be ok , nothing overly special . staff be knowledgable and efficient . would stay there again

four of us enjoy our stay here for   night in club rooms . impress with service and cleanliness

very easy hotel to stay in and the location be perfect for where i need to be . staff can not do enough to assist you and would absolutely recommend this hotel for anyone come to hong kong . and janet at the coffee bar be so good in help me find my way around each morning

stay here for one night and find the room to be tiny , even by hk standards . however , its layout be pretty functional especially if you 're on business which my hubby was . the shower room be also quite small , and the door open out towards the toilet so there 's not much room to manoeuvre in the bathroom . still the hotel be clean and the bed be nice and hard provide good back support . the concierge staff be also very helpful . i be move to stay with a friend and they look up her address in both the street directory and internet and write out such clear instructions that the taxi driver know exactly where i want to go

we receive outstanding value for money . we experience friendly , supportive and helpful staff , quality service and great facilities . we upgrade to the premier floor which provide us with one of the best value extend hotel stay we have ever had . we use the gym twice a day enjoy new quality equipment with a great gym staff . the check in and premier floor team be brilliant in every respect . our room be maintain by delightful and helpful housekeepers . well do novotel century staff

always trust the god value from novotels . i be pleasantly surprise when this one do not have the usual novotel european layout , it have a much better layout

basic rooms , whilst decent size all seem basic . public corridor have dirty carpet edge , basic house keeping . good fitness centre and pool

stay here for four night on the way back to australia from europe . we get a great deal from an accor sale earlier in the year and so be only pay around aust     per night . undeniably a great price for what be a good hong kong hotel . we have two rooms   one standard and one premier . actually we preferred the standard to the premier . the premier room be tiny and the only difference seem to be a more modern bathroom . the bed in the premier room be like concrete ! the bed in the standard room be slightly more comfortable . premier lounge be nice with good view and the wait staff up there be very good . also the cleaning staff in the hotel be great ! elsewhere in the hotel service be ordinary . however when i check in a lovely staff member do bring the girl over some toy to play with and some map for the adults . we pay for breakfast in the hotel but to be honest the food be n't that great and if i be to stay there again i probably would eat outside the hotel . the kid love the hotel pool but its a shame that you ca n't order drink or snack around the pool . its not a particularly welcome pool area so you should n't plan on spending hours up there . the hotel seem to cater heavily for flight crew . we see many different airline ' crew checking in . this be n't a bad thing but it probably give you an idea of what type of service level to expect and also explain the pool area surround . all in all the stay be adequate but i would n't rush back to this hotel . i think there be better option in hong kong but give the price we get we really ca n't complain . the location be good   a short walk to the mrt and in the other direction an easy walk to the star ferry pier . this be our second trip to hong kong and personally i prefer the kowloon side but that be just personal preference and i know many people who absolutely love hk island . since i am not into high end shoppping i prefer the market on the kowloon side but if you be a real shopaholic perhaps the island be for you . overall the hotel be a solid four star and tick all the box without stand out in any area except for provide the hardest bed that i have ever sleep in !

our   night stay at the novotel century well exceed our previous experience with other hotel chains around the world . right from the very first welcome through to check out , nothing be a problem and comfort be their priority . we highly recommend this hotel

stay in a premier room which be well worth it . the premier lounge have afternoon tea and then cocktail in the evening , both with little snacks . fantastic view out of the window . service throughout the hotel be excellent . buffet breakfast be great . buffet for evening meal be ok . if you want to get out a little recommend try local restaurant in the evening but you might want to have some item write down in cantonese . good local restaurant underneath the hotel . the sunshine laundry on lockhart street same block,behind hotel will do a load for     hk . wanchai ferry be within walk distance up the cover walkway   some nice coffee shop etc in the shopping centre on the way . catch bus to central , admiralty from gloucester road wanchai police station , immigration tower for stanley   check out the local web site for bus , very very cheap and quick . mtr a short hop away . try an evening stroll around hennessey road and causeway . all in all a very good location , comfortable rooms , very quiet , lovely pool     gym and excellent service

we have be stay at the novotel century in wanchai for many years more than   years and would throughly recommend it to anyone , be it business or leisure . we first stay there because of its proximity to the hong kong exhibition centre , but have , but now wouldnt stay anywhere else in hong kong . we always book a room on the     biz floor    level , which give us access to the lounge for afternoon tea , and cocktail

service be excellent especially the guest services management and the concierge staff . they be very helpful in regard to their city , especially for planning day trip etc . or just a chat about the days exploits . great staff

i stay at novotel century for   days while wait for my flight back to fiji  i wil start by say that i have an executive suite   i would recomend the additional   dollar per night to upgrade   the bathroom be huge , complete with a jacuzzi and t .v . monitor  the room include   a king bed , a dine table at one end and a chaise lounge at the other , mood light , big screen t,v,    free mineral water , afternoon tea and coffeee be complimentary , all day in the executive lounge   also they would bring up perrier and nut , cheese and breadstick in the afternoon right to the room     cocktail   p m in the executive lounge be also complimentary i have never have this in a hotel and i definately drank my money 's worth    the food be fabulous and although i be an advantage plus member , the discount do not apply for room service , which be what i do both days , but the food be such a good value , i not care   the staff be fantastic and all the usual ammenities available at accor hotel be there , such as a cordless telephone , bathrobes , slipper , toothbrush , ect   panoramic view from the huge picture window which run along the entire front of the room about   meter long   just take the escalator up from the lobby and there be about   shop and restaurant under a dome that stretch for at about a mile  there be a flu scare so i never leave the hotel or the shop above and i not feel bad about it at all  free internet in the lobby which be standard at most novotels  close to the airport with a courtesy shutle every   minutes plus flight arrival and departure on a display screen in the lobby  the breakfast buffet be include and have too many item to list here  i will definately return if i ever go back to hong kong  

just return have stay   night at century and   night at nathan road . at century we upgrade to premier suite and would recommend it as standard of service and things include certainly well worth it   good value for money

be in and out of hong kong in june for a quick   day business stop over . very easy hotel to stay in and the location be perfect for where i need to be . staff can not do enough to assist you and would absolutely recommend this hotel for anyone come to hong kong

we stay for   day and be very happy staff be freindly and polite rooms have soft bed and pillow great shower and all the cable tv stations location perfect as short walk to mrt station and easy to get ferry would stay

the novotel century be a comfortable and attractive hotel , centrally locate in wanchai   block from the mtr . the service be great â € “ no problem there . my room be on the   floor , with only a view of other building no big deal . it be quiet , clean and functional nice bed , workstation , etc . , with just enough room to store your stuff and move around . as with most of the larger hotel chains , they try to rip you off with high price for the restaurant and the internet . but you don â € ™ t need to eat there . you can also avoid the high internet price   hkd for   day by buy a   pccw card from   for only   hkd , then use it in the lobby downstairs or the pacific coffee across the street . at the promotional price i pay about   hkd , this place be a steal , though the regular rates be much higher

we stay at novatel century for seven night and would throughly recommend it to anyone , be it business or leisure . when we first decide on hong kong we be unsure whether to stay on 'the island ' , or in kowloon .     century    have a swim pool , and that sway our decision , and we be thankful that we did . we also follow the advice on     tripadvisor    and book a room on the     premier    level , which give us a peacefully quiet room , and access to the upper lounge for afternoon tea , and cocktails   what a great idea , and what a selection of     drink and nibbles      wines , soft drink , 'top shelf selection ' and tea and coffee .  a lovely end to a busy day and a great way to meet people

the novotel century be a real find in the middle of wan chai . in the hotel , nothing could be faulted . staff , rooms , facilities . i would recommend the upgrade to the executive floor if travel on business

we stay at the novotel for   nights . overall i would have to say it be a great hotel experience . we take advantage of a generous breakfast deal where my daughter and i both eat for the price of hk    

we could n't decide to stay in kowloon or hong kong island , but be we please we choose the century . hong kong island be a little bit more relax than over in kowloon . the location be fantastic just a short walk to the mrt and hk be at your feet . the staff be super friendly right from the people who great you and open the door , to the check in counter , there be also a welcome drink for us . the conceirge be great go out of his way to get information on golf and have it deliver to our room promptly . hotel be locate in easy reach of happy valley race , peak tram and stanley . the restaurant serve a great buffet breakfast . i would definitely not hesitate and stay here again . rooms be fairly large from what i have be told . swim pool be very cold , but enjoyable after a long day shopping . go to hk do yourself a favour stay of the century it be definitely worth it

as soon as my mate and i step into the novotel century we be greet by a friendly smile . we go from the front front door that be open for us , to front desk , escort to the lift , advise of the important floor like restaurant , gym , pool etc , and wish a good stay . the rooms be comfy and have everything you need note   those worry about drinking local water , our room be supply with complimentary water each day we stay a total of   night , and be always welcome with a smile and nod , with that and the cooler temperature of the aircon , we do n't want to leave

we be visit friend in hk , and the novotel be in a great location to form the base for our weekend . every part of hk be easily accessible . we stay on the club floor ? , and have access to the lounge for drink , and breakfast be a respite from the hustle and bustle of hk . the lavazza cafe in the lobby be great

we stay there for two night , as a weekend get away from the singapore mediocrity . the service be friendly , the room be a decent size for honker and it be fit to novotel style and standard , which be mute tone , clean , functional and relatively new . the bed be very good and the sheet great quality . we be upgrade which be nice , so we enjoy breakfast in the club floor , which have an good view over harbour . i love my music , so the only ask be to change the cd in the club lounge or have a mulit disc player as it keep repeating    

during our stay in china we have to renew our   year business visa and hong kong be the most convenient country

have stay previously , the novotel century location in wanchai be perfect , with a number of client within walk distance , a brief walk to the mtr or an easy taxi ride to central , it make a perfect place to stay . the guest rooms , lobby lobby lounge and breakfast be all of a high standard and perfect for my business trip

i recently take my adult family for a week and stay at this wonderful hotel . i always stay at this hotel for business and be interested to see how it would stack up as a leisure hotel . my family be absolutely delight with the location , ambience and the incredible attitude of the staff . nothing be too much trouble for the staff . many of the staff recognise me from my business trip which be very professional on their part .     happy travelers 

the stay at the hotel be pleasant and relaxing      no hassles the rooms be extremely clean and no smell as in some other hotel we have stay in

right from get off the shuttle bus we find the staff at the hong kong novotel to be extremely helpful and friendly . nothing be too much trouble . the in house travel information desk booking agent be a great facility

have a great stay . take the wife and   kid for a trip to hong kong . the staff be great . winston the security manager , even take us on the ferry at night to see the symphony of the light , when he be on a break

choose this hotel for its reasonable rates and proximity to the hong kong convention and expo centre

stay for   night in novotel beg of may  

we come here for our honeymoon . the hotel be very clean , quite near to the mtr station ,     within walk distance to take star ferry for star walk . quite a convenience place for backpack traveler as well . totally feel secure with this hotel

we stay in the novotel century for   night in february . the hotel be locate in the busy area of wan chai and it be about a   min walk to the nearest mtr station and a similar distance to wan chai star ferry terminal . there be plenty of coffee shop and restaurant around and there be a   shop directly across the road from the hotel . the hotel lobby be well present with a cafe , a bar and plenty of lifts . we get the airport express train to central this be clean , fast and run frequently and then the mtr to wan chai , though i would advise a taxi from central to the hotel as it 's easier than fight to get your case through the barrier and onto the train on the mtr

we stay here with a friend for   nights . it 's value for money , you get what you have pay for . we feel comfortable and exactly what you expect for a novotel hotel

location good , easy to get around use trams .   store just outside . fast food and good restaurant through walkway in harbour centre close by , and star ferry   min walk   streets outside very noisy with traffic and people but thats hong kong . ! not over impress with hotel , noisy inside and out , clean , but smallish room with no drawer space at all in common with a lot of novotels , also some staff be proficient in english others be hopeless   ! !

great location in the heart of the wan chai on hong kong island , so the area have a far more chinese and less touristy feel than stay on nathan road , kowloon . easy access to the tram , the ferry , the peak , statue square , etc . hotel be clean and pleasant but we feel like number not guest   typical of a big hotel of a large hotel group i suppose . it be quite cold cool in january   degree celsius and we have come from australia so no warm clothes . however hang around the foyer with an   child be not an option . we be move along swiftly by staff and management who obviously think our active child lower the tone . also , as a minor inconvenience the swim pool be out of action while we be there

we check in novotel century hongkong on     for one night,room number be  

this novotel locate in the very heart of wanchai with proximity to mtr and many attractions . the interior be smart and efficient , very well represent the novotel brand . the staff be dress in smart casual and pretty helpfull in many aspects . the room size be rather small like most other hotel in hk , but the layout design be very smart . me and my wife sleep together with our   years old daughter , i not really recommend child older than   years old to share the bed with their parent , the bed be too small . not ever think about have an extra bed , you 'll get cramp in the room , ask for a triple room instead the bathroom have the clever lie out , tough it be small and no tub , but it feel roomy and provide enough space to put your toiletries . absolutely would consider to stay here again for my future hk

ok , it be a novotel part of the accor group , so u get drone of french tourist in this hotel . remind me of a modern version of european boutique

  time in hong kong and i will be return to hong kong and this hotel ! my   night stay be everything i would have wanted . the hotel be in a great location for exploring . the hotel be well present , clean and modern . the roof top pool be a great way of cool down after a day sightseeing . the rooms be quite compact , but i have be in smaller ! the breakfast selection be large and fresh food be always be put out . overall i would recommend this hotel

after much look at last minute discout website book this via hotel own website as most would not let me book an extra bed for a child or want to charge horrenously . put in comment section that we have a chikd but hotel have miss this still it be sort on arrival and we have a single sofa bed for our   year old

this hotel be recommend by a friend and i also read review on trip advisor . all my expectation be meet , from the pick up luxury coach at the airport to final check out . the room be slightly small compare to south african   star hotel , but it have all the amenities you would expect incl your own iron and iron board . the hotel be well locate for travel around hond kong island and visit nearby attraction

it 's quite a good hotel for travelling . it 's in the central and easy to go to ferry to kowloon by walking . and the most facility i like be swim pool . it 's quite strange but great experience for me to swim round by many sky escape . also the breakfast on the morning be terrific . just breakfast you do n't have to find any more good dim sum in hong kong

great hotel , although the location be not as easy to access

i stay at the novotel for   night during a business trip to hong kong . i be attend a conference at the hong kong convention centre . the novotel provide a great base for do this , there be an elevate , cover walkway start across the street from the hotel that take you straight to the convention centre   walk past shop , an asian supermarket , bars , restaurant and banks . the walkway also take you to the ferry terminal where you can catch the ferry to the other side of hk harbour and the shop in kowloon the hotel be in wanchai which seemd a safe neighbourhood , there be some shop close buy and the wanchai computer centre a   storey hive of small cellphone , computer and electronic shop be close by if you be look for a new gadget but make sure you buy from someone offering an international warranty if make a large purchase . at night parts of wanchai seem a bit seedy and there do seem to be a few undesirable bars and nightclub open up in the evening but this be typical of any large city and didn â € ™ t really put me off the hotel or the location . we get a taxi to soho where the restaurant and bars be a bit more trendy . taxis in hk be very cheap in the city

the novotel century be locate in wan chai , on hong kong island . it be a smart,modern hotel in a great location . the staff be friendly and welcome and the standard of guest rooms high . consider the high cost of accomodation in hong kong , this make a great base in which to explore the area if you be on holiday , but be also good for business trip too . highly

stay for seven night at the novotel century to attend a conference at the hong kong convention and exhibition centre . the hotel be in great proximity to the centre with a cover walkway about   min walk from the hotel

i stay at the novotel century in wanchai for   night during a business trip . know a few novotels in europe , i be surprise by the nice and modern design and style of the hotel

first of all , we have to consider the new design of novotel hotel much much better than in the past . it 's simple , clear , modern and very good with flat screen tv , very comfy bathroom with elegant design and a good scheme of colors

we book   night accommodation at the novotel century in wan chai during the month of april but be not very satisfy with the overall experience in this hotel . first of all , we make our book a month prior to our stay and request for non smoking rooms . to our disbelief they give us rooms on the smoking floor floor   which they do not apologise or try to make amends for . the room definitely smell of cigarette which be foul

stay here for   night on a stop over to mainland china

my friend and i stay at the novotel for three nights . first off , the location of the hotel be n't very conveinient , it be off the main street and be at least a good   minute walk from the mtr . taxis be readily available and extremely cheap , but it be quite a challenge try to explain where you want to go

this hotel be well locate , close to the habour and to the wan chai mtr station . fairly good selection of restaurant , night life etc near by

i just complete my latest weeklong stay at the novotel century , where i be consistently impress with the value it offer

i have stay at this place a number of times since   and its recent renovation have definitely improve it , i have the misfortune to stay in the midst of its renovation last year but that 's another story  

good hotel in wan chai . mix usage   biz people , tourists . friendly . rooms in reasonable shape . nothing special . recommend

this hotel on the whole be clean and comfortable and well located . close to restaurant , convenience store and public transport . our room have a view of the harbour and much to our delight it be locate on a non smoking floor

we stay here for a   night stopover in hong kong on our way to australia for christmas and new year

we stay at the novotel century for   night in jan   be under the novotel banner we expect a great place     excellent service but this be not the case

nice hotel with a very convenient shuttle bus to and from the airport . the room be nice and modern and perfect to rest up after a long flight also conveniently locate in city centre mall which house various shop and convenient stores . fairly price and would come back again if we need a close hotel to the airport . fyi the airport be great and be very much modern with wireless internet connectivity

the hotel be complete renovation work when we be there , but it be fairly unobtrusive

room be small but clean . no view . location be good near all public transportation and can easily walk down the street to shopping area . breakfast be ok . good hotel for business trip

stay at the novotel at the beginning of september for   night with my wife on business . the renovation be apparent in the reception area and the fact that the bar and restaurant be in a temporary location in the basement . we hear no noise from the work and while we be there all   lift become

stay here   aug   for   nights . the renovation work ongoing be no problem to me , it only go on   and i be out during this time . there be only   lift in operation so get a lift could be tricky sometimes . the room be good , big enough for me and my wife and   young child , breakfast be great as be the pool . the pool however lack a pool snack   drink bar which be a pity . the hotel be in a good location , taxis plentiful and very cheap in hk . mtr metro about   minutes walk . tram also about   minutes walk . this costs hk     which you pay on the way out no matter how far you go . this be about   all in all i would stay here again . great room rates , i get Â £   uk a night

this be a very good deal . the location be prime   easily accessible to the ferry and the metro . the room be very clean and be n't too small for a non western hotel . there be plenty of room for two people . the renovation be not a problem and the pool be delightful especially consider the heat and humidity in hong kong . the service at the desk be a bit slow as the hotel can be very crowded . however , i leave quite a bit of money in my pants which have be send to the laundry , and they immediately call me and bring it up to my room . there be an excellent breakfast in the hotel although the price can be a bit prohibitive

as in other review , they be do reno 's so and the noise be audible during the hours of       its very loud in the make shift reception area . we stay here for   nights . the bed be like sleeping on an iron board . the rooms be tiny we have adjoin rooms   king bed and   twin bed . the room with the twin bed be tiny you definately would n't have be able to put a rollaway bed in this room . the funny thing be that this be an upgrade room from the std room , so i would hate to think what the std rooms be like ! ! ! ! the location be great and there be a brilliant coffee shop bakery straight across the road from the hotel which do a good breakfast but a fantasic coffee which be quite hard to find in hk . i have master it at starbuck now make sure you ask for a double shot

stay here on business and it be perfectly adequate . clean room , all the facitiies you would expect this kind of hotel to have and in a good location . not the place if you want to stay somewhere a bit special or different but perfectly fine for a short mid length trip to hong kong

i spend   night in this novotel june  

spend five night at the novotel ,   to   of june

i have stay at this hotel on a couple of occasions and would definitely stay there again

we travel with the excellent oasis hong kong and stay for   night at the this hotel , to celebrate chinese new year . upon arrival , we be greet with a very friendly doorman , however the receptionist must of be have a bad day , hardly any smiles . we be on floor   , but when we get into our room it be only make up for   adult , when in fact the book be clearly make for   after a long night flight , this be the last thing that we needed . so we go back down to reception to be tell that a fold away bed , plus additional towel etc would be with us shortly . luckily it be and we be able to freshen up before start the celebrations . with the   bed , it do make the room quite cosy , but it be clean and quiet and you not go to hong kong to sit in your room . the restaurant staff , food and service be excellent , lovely ample breakfast . a short walk to the star ferry , underground , bus , train and the main road   highly recommend to all

we travel to hong kong in early november   and stay here for   night

after an exhaustive search i just take way too long to make up my mind about a hotel we settle on this hotel for a short trip down from bangkok to see hong kong and my revere disneyland . i book on the hotel website as it be the cheapest rate payable in advance offer after check many too many websites . i want a place that be easy access to the mtr and reasonably priced . i be please upon arrival easy to take the train from the airport to the terminus at central and then a taxi  we arrive after the bus have stop run   to the hotel . my partner and i be greet by a businesslike receptionist but with a big smile and some charm she soften up she have be work all day and be at the end of her shift . we be please that the room be clean and modern . the flat panel tv have surprisingly bad quality of picture do n't know if that be due to the broadcast of the t .v . but be not in hk to watch t .v . it do have a personal greet for me upon my arrival the t .v . that be . the mtr be only a   min . walk away . there be n't much in the way of restaurant nearby and i usually avoid hotel restaurant at these mid range hotels . a few storefront rest . on the block , a mcdonald 's   min . away , and a   right out the lobby door we empty our refrigerator and put in our own . the staff be surprisingly ignorant of basic things like how to get to the skytram to big buddha or recommendation for a good dim sum restaurant they try to send us to their restaurant but one look at that and we be elsewhere . others have comment about the neighborhood   yes you can buy any manner of toilet or sink or bathroom fixture on the block surround the hotel but it 's clean and orderly . the     red light    part be hardly noticeable but i live on soi nana in bangkok . if you know the street   you understand . the internet access be necessary as i be take online course and need to be able to get into my 'classroom    and complete and post assignment while on holiday i am a dedicate student . it be n't horrible at all but it be pricey . i think i would check and see if i could pick up a random signal from some other provider before purchase theirs . it be interesting that you could buy up to   or   days by the day but after that , the only other option be a week . i think they figure out that be the best pricing structure to get you to pay for internet you will never use      the hotel be not the kind of place you walk out the door and there be some nightlife but one stop away be times square with plenty to do at night

i get a great rate . i think the staff be good . great location . the rooms just big enough who need a large room while travel . cleanliness be very good . the restaraunt downstairs be good if you be get in late and tired . just a couple of minutes walk away from starferry terminal one of them at least . hong kong park and victoria tram about   minute walk . market and bars   minute walk . would highly recommend if you can get in the       usd range

this be my first trip to hk early dec   . the overall experience be okay because of the sight see but i be not impress by the hotel staff . asian tourist ask question of lobby staff definitely not liked . the rooms be standard . it say alot that the most friendliest and helpful staff be the housekeep cleaning lady ! stay at hotel for   nights and each morning the buffet breakfast be almost identical . have hear so much about hk dim sum and even their   type dim sum offering be not interchange with other types . it do not take a lot to be creative to inject some variety into the buffet spread after all a number of guest there include myself be there for conference extend stay . the waitress there be often curt and distinctly less attentive to us asian , clear discrimination in obvious better service to the westerner becos they tip well ? ? or they pay more for their rooms ? ? . we be make to wait for coffee while a waitress go about fill up their cup skirt around our table even tho our request be make earlier . the dine experience be well below par than most   hotel i have stayed . very disappointing on that score . the hotel location be convenient  short walk to wan chai mtr , hkcec and star ferry . if i be to visit hk again , i would stay elsewhere

we stay at the novotel for   night , follow our trip to bali . we be put on the smoking floor , tho niether of us smoke . the room do n't smell smokey so i do n't ask to be moved . the rooms be small but clean . the bed be tiny and lumpy . bathroom fine , shower really nice ! the breakfast be dismal and definately not worth pay for   there be a few place nearby to grab something . once you find you 're way round you realise its a good location . the mrt be about a   walk and be clean , air condition and cheap nothing like the london tube ! ! . the star ferry also have a landing dock at wan chai and be worth a trip over at night   around   a trip ! ! it can be a bit rough so beware ! times square be a good location for shopping . people rave about nathan road in kowloon but we be n't impress   i would n't advise people to buy electrical or camera equipment from the store here , they seem a bit dodgy . the be   floor in the times square mall devote to electrical stuff . be sure to open the box and try things before you buy . nathan road do have a lovely irish pub about two third down on leave hand side which serve the most amazing burger i have ever taste ! ! we spend a day at disney which be a really fun day out . Â £   entrance . it be small compare to eurodisney so must be tiny compare to the usa but great craic . very few queues . only   fast ride but after   go on it we 'd have enough ! we also go on the cable car to see a giant buddha . bit of a tourist trap , cable car take   each way but be not a scary ride compare to some i have be on . listen out for the annoy song they play on a loop the entire trip ! if the weather be good and you have the time it fill a morning but it be a bit dosappointing

we stay here for   night and we could n't find any fault with the hotel at all . ok the room be a little small but it be lovely and bathroom be nice and clean . the location be excellent , no more than   min walk from hong kong convention centre and the star ferry . we certainly would come back to this hotel again

this would be my second experience at this hotel   the first being way back in   , and i be quite happy with the service provide by the staff . i come with my family , and have my daughter age   + with me , i do n't expect much for her since i have read review of the hotel be more suit to a business traveller

i be dread our visit after read other review but it be nowhere near as bad as some make out . the hotel itself be fine , very clean and smart and the staff be all polite and helpful . we be offer an upgrade when we arrive at no extra cost to us . it be obviously very popular as a business function location . it be conveniently situate and the red light area be far enough away not to be an issue and it be easy to walk anywhere   even at night by use the skywalk which cover a wide area include right down to the star ferry which be only about   minutes away . the local mtr station be also only   minutes walk away . the only one thing i would suggest be that if you drink in the bar , stipulate the brand of drink you want from the menu they provide , as if you ask for example for just   whisky they will give you the most expensive they have ! although the view from our room be not exactly picturesque i certainly would n't have any problem stay there again   after all i do n't go to hong kong to spend time inside a hotel room except to sleep

good hotel , good service , pleasant staff . do not use hotel laundery , hk     for a bag of wash ! ! ! ! ! ! , but on the whole a good hotel

