i stay in this hotel for   night . i be very satisfy with this hotel except one thing . the concierge . they do not too care . they not spontaniously to help guest a tke the luggages . but rooms , location for the hotel be perfect . everythings be near with hotel

a modern , comfortable hotel away from the hustle    

very modern hotel and sophisticated  

locate very close to hk airport this hotel would be ideal for a short stop over of one to three nights . as disneyland be nearby it would be ideal as a stop over for families . locate on lantau island there be many attraction nearby   bronze buddha , cable car , disneyland , bushwalking and a big outlet shopping centre . rooms be a little bigger than hk norm , be comfortable and have view over the water or hills . several in house restaurant and many more locate in the shopping centre . breakfast selection be very good . the mrt be   min walk away and its about   min on the mrt to kowloon or hk island . free shuttle bus to and from the airport . the check in and check out be the smoothest and fastest i have experience for many a long year . staff be generally warm and helpful . the lobby area appear very noisy and busy

i stay overnight at this hotel prior to fly out to singapore for a   night cruise , and then again on the return before fly home . both times our room be on the   floor , and be immaculate , large and completely modernized . there be a free shuttle from the hk airport , you just go to counter   or   depend on where you arrive ? and you will be escort to the hotel shuttle bus . the hotel be attach to the citygate outlet mall , which have restaurant , coffee shop , a mcdonald 's , and be a transit hub for bus , the mtr into kowloon hong kong , and the cable car for ngong ping . i would seriously consider stay at this hotel for a longer stay because of the convenience of the free airport shuttle and the mtr into town . there be two computer terminal with free internet access for hotel guest , locate next to the business centre , which i really appreciate

i regularly stay at this hotel when travel to hong . i use to stay downtown in hotel such as the mandarin oriental or the shangri la . i find te quality of the noivotel be almost comparable , but for about   euro per night room   in the executive floor

pro

i highly recommend the novotel citygate . the staff be most efficient and helpful . the rooms be very clean , comfortable , and restful . it 's better than be at home . the location of the hotel , between the airport and disneyland be also great , especially for those travel with children . i highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay here again during my next hong kong trip

only stay one night to break up the long flight form sydney to heathrow we decide to book into the executive rooms and be not disapointed

stay at this hotel for   night and glad i did . after almost a week in hong kong city , i decide to stay at a hotel near the airport towards the end of my vacation

hi

great view all around ! !

the first time i stay here it be recommend , i am leave a review to say that to you

stay   night in kowloon , and choose to stay at novotel citygate hk for   night as we want to visit ngong ping   and disney . have a wonderful stay at the novotel citygate hk . excellent excellent location . directly connect to citygate outlet shopping galore ! , ngong ping   cable car , and one stop away from sunny bay disney    hotel room be very clean and nicely decorated . nice big flatscreen tv too   rollaway bed provide complimentary for our   yr old daughter , but it be big enough for an adult to sleep on . overall a wonderful stay . will definitely choose novotel citygate again for our next visit

we stay at this hotel for two night in november   very clean , quiet , efficient , modern , convenient to airport with free shuttle bus . not cheap just over Â £   per night for room   breakfast be extra but very good . about   minutes from centre of hk by nearby train very cheap . worth stay in hk for longer     probably best to stay in centre and then stay at this hotel on arrival or departure for convenience for flight back . would definitely stay here again . go up to the peak in hong kong by the tram       good value and great view but some but not all of the price at the top be expensive . worth stay around in the centre for the light show when building be all lit up around harbour . star ferry across harbour take   minutes    good view and only about   penny each way

have travel extensively , i fully reccomend this hotel

my first stay at this hotel near hkia bec i get to catch an early flight next day . i stay at the regal airport before and though this hotel be   min by shuttle bus away and regal be walk distance to the airport , i will still choose to stay at novetel . first , get to and from airport be make esay by the   min interval free shuttle bus service . next it 's locate just next door to a big shopping centre , tung chung citygate , where there be shop , food , supermarket etc . it 's also next to the mtr station easy access to disneyland and even get into kowloon . of course , if you want to be in a crowd shopping area , then stay in town . rooms be clean , comfortable . services be good , check in and out a breeze . i will stay here next time and not in disneyland hotel if i want to visit the theme park . oh , i pay hk     include all tax for a good nite stay

stay here for one night on way to hong kong airport . convenient shuttle bus that take   to airport . excellent rooms

the good

the hotel be conveniently locate next to the citygate outlet mall   a pretty good shopping destination as you can get your designer wear at affordable price , lots of dine outlet   nearby the ngong ping cable car station , about   minutes train ride away from disneyland and   minutes ride to the airport . not to mention the tung chung mtr station be conveniently locate in the mall as well

modern clean roomy great staff   min to the airport , shuttle bus every   train to city   min walk ,   min train ride to central . buffet great . gym     pool ok , pool loos sun real early , water can get cold . it close for winter

could not fault anything at all . service and accomadation be fantastic

i have a   hour stopover at this hotel on my my from australia to europe . the rooms be modern and clean and whilst a little on the small side be very adequate . the transfer service to and from the airport be quick and convenient and work well for me . i use the cafe restaruant during the afternoon and the food be tasty and premises sparkle clean . my only regret be that the female staff member cashier in the cafe be not personable and i wonder what she be do work in customer service ! ! ! the wait staff be very pleasant and helpful

no complaint about the hotel at all . there be a free shuttle service to and from the airport , which we loved . we arrive early at around       but the front desk personnel very graciously allow us to check into our rooms even before the check in time . the rooms be beautiful , very modern , tastefully do , and spacious . we have our   old daughter with us , and she be give an extra rollaway bed , free of charge . that leave the queen size bed to me and my husband , so all of us sleep very well and comfortably . all the basic amenities you 'd expect in a hotel be there   slipper , coffee and tea , toiletry , mini ref    the only thing that puzzle me be that there be no divider between the rooms and the bathroom . the bed be just basically right next to the sink , mirror , toilet , and shower although the toilet and shower mercifully be enclose . so , if you 'd be do your thing in the toilet , everyone in the bedroom would be sure to get a whiff once you open the door and step out . the service be superb . even the housekeep staff be very helpful in answer our questions . we do n't avail of the hotel breakfast , but since the hotel be directly connect to citygate mall just an escalator ride and you 're already in the mall , we do n't run out of choice of where to eat . speak of the mall , it be just as big and complete as those in causeway or central , with lots of popular retailer , and the shop be outlet too so we be able to buy a lot of things on sale . the mall also have a supermarket , money exchange center , and big fast food area , as well as a very convenient mtr exit tung chung station . the mtr station be just next to disneyland 's sunny bay station , so if your main purpose for visit hk be to go to disneyland and or shop at the outlet store , this hotel would be absolutely perfect . but if you also intend on go around the city to kowloon or hongkong side , it might not be that ideal since the mtr ride can take up to an hour just go there

really like this hotel for a stopover . very very comfortable , very very quiet . facility be excellent . i get a free transfer to and from the airport which be very convenient . the hotel be directly connect to an outlet mall . do n't worry  the hotel be very quiet and do n't seem too busy or chaotic . the mall have high quality store burberry , ralph lauren , coach , nike , etc . and in the basement there be a large grocery store with a * huge * selection of asian and western food

we stay at the novotel citygate in a stopover on long haul flights . the shuttle be quick and easy . we arrive very late and be starving . the rooms be very modern and clean   and the food and room service , typical of hong kong be really excellent . the shuttle to the airport the next day be again quick and easy . if there be fault with this hotel as a stopover , i certainly do n't see any

look like i be one of the few non stopover review here ! i stay for   night for an expo and really enjoy this hotel . rooms be clean and comfy , and it 's in a nice quiet area but well connect via tung chung mtr stop at the mall below . the mall be only so so but have a good food court to avoid the high hotel food prices . staff fine , but not overly helpful . all in all i would stay here again , it be quite nice

wish w e have stay longer . from the pick up at the airport to the drop off we could not fault the service . we upgrade to a room on the   floor over look the sea . it be peaceful , feel luxurious . the pool area be a wonderful place to relax , swim and enjoy the peaceful music . we would stay again this time for three days

this hotel be only a   free shuttle ride from the airport . nice modern rooms with a sit down shower no tub , robes . do not eat at the hotel . depend on the availability , the advance purchase no refund rate can be very good . the shuttle take you back to the airport   run every   minutes

novotel

i have an overnight at hong kong airport and be glad i stay here

my daughter and i stay here for   night one on our return from china and

stay in this hotel for one night in september and be thoroughly impress by the whole operation . do n't get me wrong the hotel be next to the airport so not ideal for a vacation but if its a stop over or a business trip you have find the right hotel . i say this not because its a   star luxury experience but its practical , clean , modern , functional and have everything you need in a well plan out no nonsense style that will suit the modern traveller who just want to get on with it . the courtesy bus service be ideal for quick transport to the airport and the facility be impressive . nice pool , decent gym , great buffet restaurant with a good mixture of asian and western food . for business or a stop over i would choose this hotel everytime

we be only in hong kong for a   hour layover , so we choose to stay by the airport , since we arrive at       and be leave at       the next day otherwise , we would have go into kowloon . in general , we find this hotel to be pretty good . the hotel be very clean and modern inside . the only thing be that we specifically request a non smoking room at the time of book , but when we arrive to check in , they tell us they only have smoking rooms left . we be n't happy about that . the hallway reek of cigarette smoke , and our room smell funny too

change the hotel from novotel kowloon to novotel citygate on the last day of our   days trip to hongkong . ive choose to change coz its near the airport , close to hongkong disney and just a minutes ride from hotel to airport with a free shuttle bus every   minutes . not the best but give you comfort especialy if your in a morning flight    outlet mall just near the hotel . nice view from room , and just the down part be the toilet , after you take a bath or shower , the floor get wet    overall its a nice stopover hotel   

this hotel be okay for go to from the hong kong airport . we have stay there twice . we be not convince that it be our best option for the price

stay at the novotel be my treat after a very long trip     i be not disappoint ! excellent staff , fantastic food , great view , immaculate rooms   all connect to a fantastic discount outlet shopping centre . only   min from disneyland , shuttle bus drop you right at the door of the airport when you have to leave boo hoo ! i simply ca n't wait to go back to hong kong     stay there again , it be without doubt the best hotel i have ever stay in . every other hotel can learn something about hospitality from the staff at this novotel

as other reviewer have say , this really be a quality hotel available at an excellent price . it be perfect if , like us , you only have an overnighter in hk or have an early start . we have an   flight and i have think we would need a taxi for an early check in but the hotel assure us that as we be on a through ticket and have our board pass , we could get the free shuttle bus that morning   so we get an extra half hour lie in and be at the airport in good time . on collection from the airport upon arrival in hk , we do have to wait a good   minutes or so before walk out to get the bus another   or   minutes from the collection desk . so , if you have really limited time , a taxi would be quicker

the novotel citygate change me opinion of this hotel chain it be modern well locate and i choose to stay again on my return stop over well do citygate

we stay at the citygate as a stopover before fly on home to new zealand . what an absolutely fantastic hotel . staff be friendly and very helpful . we be upgrade with our room and the buffet breakfast be divine . have a great shiopping centre nearby and there be a free shuttle service to and from the airport . the room be great , clean , spacious and very inviting . would recommend this hotel to anyone want a stopover or a leisurely stay in hong kong

we book this hotel as it be very close to the airport and be run an advance purchase promotion for a queen size room on the executive floor include breakfast . it be excellent value for that , but even more so as we be upgrade to a suite on arrival

stay here for   night stopover before flight back to london and think this hotel be absolutely fabulous . free hotel shuttle from airport , staff very welcome and accommodate , great service , spotlessly clean quiet room with all amenities with great view . room on small side , but brilliantly design and have plasma tv , comfy bed and excellent lighting . have shopping centre locate alongside although we sadly never have a chance to explore

we stay at the novotel citygate for   night from     aug   we have an executive room , picture attach

we stay at the novotel citygate in august for   night and we have a fantastic stay . the rooms be very clean and modern and also very quiet . the bar downstairs be great with very friendly staff and happy hour from   to   which we really enjoy , they even have live music on the friday and saturday of our stay . we would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who visit hong kong . one thing i just remember be that the shopping centre that be adjoin to the hotel be an outlet mall for all of those in a shopping mood . the hotel be only   minutes from the hong kong international airport and the hotel supply a free shuttle bus tho get there

we arrive quite early so book   night to guarantee     early    checkin and prepaid . so very surprise on arrival to find we need to wiat while reception send someone to     check    the room ? however , once we be check in the room be very pleasant and an ideal spot for an extend intransit stopover . shuttle service be good and frequent . shopping centre in the surround provide access to most people 's need

we stay here for   night each way on a trip from nz to europe . it prove to be the perfect start and finish to our holiday . when you get off a   hour flight you be a bit numb ! you just want to 'crash    . this place be perfect . the pool be fantastic so we have a swim before hit the sack . there be blackout curtain on the windows and the place be silent . it be perfect . on one direction we take the local bus , a   minute walk away , to see the giant budda . a great trip , and i expect that if you have a head for heights the cable car could be quite exciting ! there be excellent shopping in the attach mall . we think that we might be miss out on the hk experience be this far from town . however on the return trip we get what must be one of the easiest mrt train another   minute walk for the   minute ride into town . this just confirm we have make the right choice . we find hk to be     full on    . we be please to be away from the downtown turmoil

i be n't sure i should share this secret but it look like its out of the bag anyway . this be the best place for a stopover in hong kong when travel between australia and europe . its very close to the airport about   minute in the bus , but you do have to wait for the transfer   which be free . use the time you save in travel to shop in the citygate outlet mall . or catch the mrt into central and ride the elevator or take the funicular to the peak . there be also lots of tourist option on lantau island . and its convenient for disneyland station

we book this hotel due to it 's proximity to the airport and the fact that they be run a promotion , we have a one night layover in hong kong

this be really a great hotel on a very nice and quiet location

this be my first time at this hotel . i stay here on my last night in hk

have stay twice in this hotel on a stopover from nz to japan , both times on the   floor . room be clean and well maintained . arrive late at night , so order room service . food a disappointment . but service good   friendly and professional . breakfast buffet however be excellent

this place be just amazing . everything be perfect , apart from the price . if you have the money to go here though , just do it , do n't even bother to look else where , as this be just the best place ever i am not even joke . the shower , the bed , the view , the service , the air con    bloody great

we have stay now   times in novotel citygate hong kong and really like the place

this hotel be a great find and relax way to use the schedule   hr stopover in hk on our flight from india to australia . it be easy to access from   or   which other passenger take with just a   min wait for the hotel own transfer service , which work equally well return to the airport

i greatly appreciate asst manager , jacky yip 's energy , enthusiasm , resoursefulness and skill which i do see during my stay . he demonstrate his patriotism and his deep interest in his job . meeting jacky , who have attain such excellent customer service , make me want to come back to novotel citygate hong kong again

lovely new hotel , free transfer from airport desk   not   as per website , great reception , well design throughout and v helpful staff . locate as part of the outlet mall so you can walk out of the hotel and into burberry without ever step outside !   min to station for mtr into kowloon or hk island , v easy and cheap and   min fromt he cable car to the buddha   worth a visit . v quiet too   so quiet we overslept and miss breakfast so i ca n't vouch for food . will be recommend to anyone who ask   we think it be great . would give it   star if we could

stay here   may . very nice comfortable modern room . free shuttle bus transfer to hotel from airport , take less than   mins . next morning too early for shuttle , but very inexpensive taxi   take less than   min to departures . good place to get a sleep at a reasonable price

spend two night at novotel citygate   choose this hotel base on these reviews . hotel include free transportation from hong kong airport . staff be very friendly and helpful . room be very nice , particularly for a novotel . hotel be situate on lantau island , so not right in the mix of hong kong island or kowloon , but i find that to be a big advantage . access to most major site in hong kong be easily accessible from the hotel because of the tung chung mtr stop a short distance from the hotel . have a great breakfast buffet with both western and chinese selections . also eat in one of the hotel restaurant for dinner one evening and it be very good

i have to spend a single night in lots of different hotel and rarely do i review them , as

we have stay twice at this hotel , for one night on each occasion , while stop over in hong kong en route to europe . it have serve us very well both times . the free shuttle bus collect us from the airport and return us there each time . on the second occasion our flight arrive after   pm and i be concern that a late arrival or delay in clear immigration might mean that the shuttle be no longer running . an email to the hotel produce a quick response , attach the shuttle 's schedule . as it happen we be not delay and we be able to use the shuttle . the room be very comfortable and we be able to fill in the spare time between flight in the adjacent shopping centre

i choose to stay at this hotel because of the excellent review i read on tripadvisor . i must admit that i be disappoint , though , primarily because of my experience at the restaurant

i recently stay at the novotel citigate hong kong on my way back to sydney . be a member of the accor advantage system , i choose to stay at the novotel instead of the regal airport hotel which be rate as   star but far less superior to the novotel citigate . in my view , the novotel citigate offer excellent service ,   star facility and amenities and very spacious . i show the room to my daughter who life in the hong kong main island and she be think of take a holiday at the novotel citigate since it be so peaceful and scenic .

we have high hope of this hotel after read the review on tripadvisor . however , we have a room on the executive floor which have airconditioning continuously blow on one side of the room . the lack of a thermostat with automatic on off mean that the person sleeping on that side of the bed froze , whilst the other person be too hot

with the need to stay near hkia airport , i book the novotel citygate and be very impressed . very good links to the airport , both hotel bus and public transport . easy to job on the mtr into downtown , and the spare time i have in the hotel , the building be link to the citygate shopping mall with verious outlets . the hotel in modern and very clean . the only small downside for some might be the open plan bathroom where as soon as you step out of the shower   you be in the room , however you can request a close room . staff be very helpfull and hotel food be good value also a great food plaza in the shopping mall . the island of lantau also have the cable car to big buddah and disney land hk near by

we stay overnight at this hotel . the rooms be good size and very clean . there be n't anything to fault the hotel except that the shuttle bus do not run   hours . so if you be arrive at hkia after   pm , you might want to consider the marriott hotel nearby as they offer individual transfer service rather than the shuttle . otherwise novotel be slightly better value than marriott

an airport hotel with prompt free shuttle service to the international airport in hong kong . we stop here in transit on our way home from a long stay in mainland china . view from the room include the classic hong kong mountain harbour high rise backdrop , with the hotel pool and fountain area directly below our room   huge window , queen bed , flat panel tv . the bath have only a walk in shower only but all do in an update and modern interior design . we eat the international breakfast buffet before our trans pacific travel home , it be acceptable albeit expensive . attach to hotel common area find the large outlet mall to quench the last of your hong kong shopping experience . there be a train station beyond that with additonal shop and cafes . a cable car ride be within walk distance but ala we run short on time

use the novotel as a stopover on return from holiday

what a great place and deal ! we be warmly welcome by the staff , check in be a breeze , and our room be clean with a great view ! we have   kid   yr old and   yr old and they enjoy the room and start to make lots of noise   and this be when we notice the door to our room be nice and thick , make our room a bit soundproof ! we immediately start explore the great outlet store next door to the hotel . breakfast be a complete buffet . we visit disneyland only   train stations away and enjoy the free cocktail in the evening . the staff be attentive and helpful , but at the same time allow us to have our privacy   which we know be a hard balance act . a few staff stand out be great , include yoko , edmund and chris . i 'd stay here again for sure

i stay at this hotel at two occasion this month and both stay be fantastic . i stay in a junior suite on the club floor , which be locate at the top floor of the building offering a nice view through a wall of windows

i have stay at the novotel citygate a few times now . each time my experience have be very positive . room be clean , the idea of bathroom be an open plan works well

stay at this hotel for   night in mid february . hotel be situate in a nice location . very close to the airport with free transfer available . the hotel be connect to the citygate outlet which feature lots of shop with a great food court and supermarket

the hotel be overall fantastic , i have stay in hong kong many times and this be the first time at novotel citygate   we stay for   night , with a further few night in mongkok . the hotel location be great for the attraction outside of the main buzz   disneyland , discovery bay , buddah , cable car , and more over the citygate factory outlet   there be some amazing shopping at this centre

my flight from africa arrive into hong kong at       be and i depart the same day for australia at       pm . i therefore book one night â € ™ s accommodation close to the airport at the novotel citygate in order to get some rest between the two overnight flight

we have complete a   night tour in china and stay at the novotel citygate the last night of our stay . we choose this hotel due to closeness to airport and free shuttle . we arrive late and depart early . the experience be     satisfactory . we receive keen attention upon arrival     departure despite late early hours . we be wow by the sleek , contemporary accommodation and wish we have more time to enjoy this   class hotel . we expect a delivery of custom make suit and be disappoint they have not arrive since our connection time be tight . upon our return to the state we investigate the non delivery to find the suit have be deliver to the hotel . the management be very apologetic and fedexed the suit to us receive within two days after our return . only wish we have spend more time there to enjoy the beautiful resort like pool and convenient mtr subway service to hong kong . we highly recommend this hotel

we decide to stay for our last   night in honkong at the citygate due the ease of get to the airport and to explore lantau further . we have prepaid for deluxe room for     as part of the asia sale , at check in we ask about late check out till   and be advise we could upgrade to premier room with all the extra bit which include the   check out . we have be offer the upgrade via email for     , but at the hotel the same upgrade cost only     definately worth the extra , breakfast great in main restaurant and very good afternoon tean and evening snack with alcoholic drink etc . upgrade also include wireless and room with a fantastic view . service be excellent and room clean , turndown service with nice chocolate leave ect

good place to stay when you need to catch an airplane early in the morning . its close by the airport , and novotel minibus shuttle go every   minutes . restaurant close at       hours , but you can still order snack burger and alike in the lobby bar , or dine in your room . executive rooms be quite nice , but much too cold . still do n't understand why in hong kong they put the airco always at deepfreeze temperature , what a waste of energy

i do a bit of research before book accommodation in hk . have never be there before and travel alone with   year old . i manage to book online directly with novotel during their asian sale at the beginning of the year and manage to get a great rate

fabulous hotel . we need to be near the airport but also want good mtr access to get onto hk island for dinner . this hotel deliver both these and more . the service be slick , the hotel 's style be contemporary and very refresh and the rooms be really fab too . if you have an early flight , the hotel provide a free express breakfast i .e . you can grab a coffee and pastry en route to the airport , before   . overall a great option if you want to be near the airport , and with the mtr access it 's not a bad option overall either though if you want to see hk i 'd stay more centrally

stay here for   night with my wife , mother and a teenager and have a twin room and a king room with a connect door . we be on the business floor so have use of the biz lounge which include free afternoon tea and evening drink and canapes . transfer from the airport be very smooth and we be impress that the hotel actually have staff member at the airport to walk you to the shuttle bus . only   minutes from the airport . the rooms be exceptional , both very different in layout and facillities . the king room have an amazing open plan bathroom see photo and one of the largest shower head i have ever seen . but no bath . the twin room with two single bed have an enclose bathroom but they have a bath . we be on the   floor same floor as the biz lounge and have a great view of the mountain from the full length window . there be a turn down service each night and chocolate be leave on the pillow . we love this hotel not just for the modern feel and excellent service but because it be locate over an excellent shopping centre which include a food hall , cinema , mrt station and bus station . the cable car to ngong ping be only a few hundred metre away . there be also an excellent supermarket in the basement which have an excellent array of wine and beer available very cheaply as well as fresh bake goods . the swim pool at the hotel be great and have an extensive zen like landscape garden area with little quotation at each point . there 's a mandatory shower gate though which mean you ca n't get poolside without get wet so not good if someone just want to sit and watch you swim . this hotel also ideally situate to travel to disneyland and only take   minutes on mtr . after read post on this site we take the bus up to the giant budhha and catch the cable car down which be a really great way to see the rest of lantau island . if you be stay here be sure to make the trip up . we try out the bar and the tapa restaurant and both impressed . the service in the tapa restaurant be very very efficicient with the decor very upmarket . if you be travel with kid be sure to check out the water fountain in the square near the bus station , it 's an attraction in it 's own right . we have breakfast in the main restaurant downstairs each day and it be extensive and large . you have to get your own tea and coffee but that 's the way most hotel be go now . we love the free drink and afternoon tea in the lounge and the free wirelss internet and it be certainly worth pay the extra for the privilege of look out over the airport sip a beer . we catch the mtr into hong kong on our last night and it only take   minutes . negative   biz staff seem a little curt and over officious at their desk . very efficient and helpful but they lack the friendly touch . my mother also comment on the lack of porter as we have to unload our own bag and drag them to reception but maybe we just catch them when they be busy . overall we have a fantastic time at this hotel and would certainly be back ! ! ! ! if you need a decent hotel that be handy to disney , the airport , public transport and lantau island then this be the place for you

absolutely the best place to stay if you be visit the expo or do not have much travel to do on the main hk island

the fire alarm rang at around   ! call operator , no one answer ! fire truck be at the area      kinda scarry huh . after an hour , staff be at the hallway tell eveyone that be be a false alarm . worst , when you be about to sleep agian , you get a call explain about the incident

my husband , i and our   year old son stay in this hotel for   days and we love it . the best hotel in hongkong . rooms be very quiet , clean , spacious hong kong standard . the hotel staff be very friendly . just a few minutes walk to the mrt which be just below it , ngong ping cable car and the outlets . i so love the outlet , feel like heaven ! ! ! this hotel be situate in tungchung , just   minutes to disneyland by mrt and   minutes away from the airport . the area be not crowd unlike in kowloon and the city proper . will definitely go back

six party board the hotel 's own shuttle from the airport and arrive ten minutes later and there be only one person at reception to check them in . after a few minutes , another and then another emerge from the back . something be terribly wrong here    the shuttle could have notify them who be coming . or the hotel could have check their record and know that guest be due to check in . anyway ,   minutes to check in and then another   minutes to switch a non smoking room to a smoking room since they do not bother to ask . i order     coffee    from room service and an airpot with   cup be deliver   perfect . later , i order     coffee    from room service and a single cup be deliver and have to be swapped . yes , they should have asked . internet cable provide be too short to reach the desk , one plug adapter for two plug , tv wo n't swivel so ca n't be see from the desk    all little things but this be a really well design hotel with an odd shape where apparently a lot more attention be put into the design than the accessorization and service

i stay here for   night take advantage of a promotion and get my room for under   hkd include the     service charge

very nice hotel . beautiful decor . rooms bigger than i expect for hong kong as there be room for a rollaway bed , double bed and desk . the bathroom be huge and run behind the double bedhead . there be no entry door on the bathroom and i be concern about privacy as we be travel with our   year old son . but it be n't a problem and there be door on the toilet and shower . we eat in the oleum restaurant as we get in late   it be beautiful decor and very attentive staff , the food be fantastic and the price reasonable my mushroom risotto be au     . the shuttle be easy to find at   at the airport . we have an early morning flight so have to catch a taxi there   what an experience , put on your seat belt and hold on

the title say for itself . my   year old daughter n i develop a dreadful itch after spending   nites at this hotel . they do n't really replenish the mineral water bottle daily , so get ta buy it off the supermarket on the attach mall

if you do n't mind the   minute metro ride into town , it would be a good place to stay . otherwise it 's a perfect place to stay near the airport for just   or   night or if disneyland and the big buddha be the attraction you plan to visit . the hotel offer free shuttle from and to the airport . the hotel be attach to a large shopping mall , and the tung chung metro station be very easily accessible through the mall . within easy walk distance , there be a grocery store , and many inexpensive dine option   a few fast food joint , a couple of restaurant , and the mall food court with an extensive selection of different asian cuisines . the room be large and very nicely designed   see pictures   there be no free wi fi   however , there be two mac computer for guest use in the lobby . we only stay for   night , do not use the hotel restaurants . staff be friendly and helpful

even though we be in hong kong for   days , i still choose the novotel citygate for its location and proximity . it do not disappoint

i book a one night stay at the novotel citygate on the novotel website . i opt for an executive room package , which be aprox   hkd per night . however , consider the fact that it include a breakfast buffet , the cost be not much higher than a regular room with breakfast

novotel citigate be the ideal hotel in hong kong if you want to be close to the airport . there be a shuttle bus from the hotel to the airport which run every   minutes . this mean that you can relax at the hotel , do some shopping at the citigate outlet mall right next to the hotel , or even visit the big buddha as part of your final days in hong kong . the hotel be very clean , and convenient . it have a superb restaurant with a fantastic buffet that you must try . the gym be great and in summer time go for a swim in the outdoor pool

look no further if you need a hotel near the airport as it be much cheaper than the regal hotelattached to hkia   we have an   hour layover at hkia so we have a great rest in the quiet ,comfortable and modern room then go up to ngong ping village in the morning   the cable car entrance be locate about   from the hotel . the adjoin citygate mall have a test supermarket in the basement floor opposite end of the mall as well as a macdonalds,kfc , etc and various fast food and quick service restaurant open late . the free shuttle bus be efficient and run every   minutes . go to the hotel shuttle counter   at hkia to process your pick up

this hotel by far be the best value for money in hk . i have stay in lots of hotel in hk and this one be best value for money

i travel to hong kong   or   times a year and have stay in this hotel on my last   visit and i am stay there again next week . it be in a great location ,   minutes from the airport , which be a bonus whether you be arrive after a long flight or depart and want to leave it till the last minute

the novotel citygate be locate in tung chung , which be just outside of the hong kong international airport on lantau island . the hotel itself be perch on top of the citygate shopping mall , the tung chung bus terminal , the tung chung mtr subway station , and be a short walk to the entrance to the ngong ping   cable car venue . i stay here for three night in january and opt for a room on the executive floor

this hotel be ideal for any traveller overnighting in hong kong . less than   minutes from the airport , novotel have all amenities and meet all needs . the value be very strong . the staff be friendly and efficient . and the convenience to the airport ca n't be beat , as the airport be a bit of a trek into central hk or kowloon

we stay here for   night in an executive twin room . the hotel shuttle from the airport be easy , you go to desk   or   in the arrival hall and be escort to the shuttle . just as easy go back , shuttle leave the hotel every   min

stay here one night so that we can get to the airport for an early flight . the hotel be   minute bus ride from the airport . you have to look for the counter that service the hotel , however , and the staff at the airport counter be not all that friendly . the hotel be very clean and modern , with efficient front desk staff . the hotel be connect to a small shopping mall with outlet store and a food court and a large grocery store in the basement . the room be very nicely do with ultra modern no wall bathroom   which seem to be the trend these days with hotels . the check out be also very efficient . the shopping mall have access to the subway so get into kowloon and hk should be easy

hotel be locate very conviniently close to airport with free shuttle and from subway

we have one day and one night in hong kong so we book the citygate for its proximity to the airport . the hotel itself be great but the metro ride into the main city be a too long and crowded . the outlet shopping at the metro above the hotel be very average , not worth stay for the shopping

shuttle bus not easy to find at the airport , but once we get to the hotel , everything go fine . room be very modern with tint glass wall on the shower and toilet . outlet shopping center next door , with alot of shop and restaurants . hotel be only some   from the airport , very convenient

our executive king be very nice , and the breakfast buffet be great . the adjacent shopping mall and cable car up to the giant buddha be perfect for a quick stopover

the hotel be connect to citygate outlet mall . a bit far to town but near disneyland small . near airport , shuttle bus to hotel be provide at the airport

if you be stop over or have only a short time in hong kong due to business then this be a perfect location . less than   minutes from the airport , the hotel be directly next to a large shopping centre with an escalator from the lobby get you there . there be also a subway station situate in the same complex . this make it very convenient for a quick trip with no interchange into the centre of hong kong   approx   minutes for   and be great if you want to stay away from the city

we book   night in a king suite on the   floor . the room include access to the business lounge also on the   floor . we be very impress with the size of our room , the view from the room , and particularly , the hospitality and professional service provide in the business lounge . afternoon tea be provide in the business lounge , offering small sweet treat , and coffee and tea . pre dinner drink be offer also in the business lounge , provide some savoury snack , sweet , and wine , beer , soft drink , and select liqueur

we stay here so we be handy to the airport as we fly in to hong kong for   hours before we go onto taipei . we think the hotel be really good value for money with excellent customer service , the hotel have a contemporary feel which be great not what we be expecting . our room be large , modern and immaculate . we choose this hotel after read the review on here and be very please , i have no idea a novotel could be so wow . the hotel be next to a shopping outlet mall outlet open till late be a bonus for me maybe not for my partner though we go on the cable car to lantau island from here to . i wouldn â € ™ t recommend this hotel if you be do a longer stay as it â € ™ s to far out from the hub of things although you can whizz to kowloon etc on the mtr , we would rather step out of the hotel and just be there , hence when we return to hong kong a week later we move to the luxe manor and the langham place both of which be also excellent

definitely the best pick for a hotel next to the hk airport . luxurious rooms , a free shuttle service from and to the airport all for a nice price

as i visit hk frequently , i have be to the tung chung outlet mall on a previous trip and therefore book myself into novotel citygate which be literally attach to the mall !

want to stay close to the airport as we have an early morning flight . the hotel be about   minutes away by the free hotel shuttle bus

it be my first time to stay in this hotel and i be surprise on how modern it looked . i stay in a double twin sharing room , bed be comfortable and feel very clean . it 's beside connected to the outlet mall which give you easy access to great shopping deal on sale ! also , it be very near hong kong disneyland and the cable car station if you want to go to lantau island

great hotel location , friendly nice staff , good service . room , linens,etc   so clean we have pool view room

we plan to bring the kid to hk disneyland for the holidays . since we have   active boy and a baby , we decide to forgo trip to downtown hong kong and concentrate with just disneyland

i stay here recently and be most delightfully surprise by the quality of the rooms and service . novotel , in my mind , have always be associate with basic service , adequate rooms , and bland decor . this hotel do not fit this picture . my room be very large , great decor , with a bathrrom dressing room which stretch the entire length of the room . in addition , i have a gorgeous view of the water and mountains . the service be excellent . the front desk couldnt have be more helpful . in addition , the hotel be connect to the subway through a mall . although this be really an airport hotel , it be very fast and convenient to hk . in addition , this location have some of the tranquility that hk lack

we stay here overnight while wait for an onward flight from hong kong the next day and i 'd definitely recommend this hotel

stay at novotel citygate for one night as have an early flight the next morning . the hotel be superb , modern , clean , good quality furnish  very helpful reception staff . it 's close to the airport , to the tung chung line into central hong kong and for the cable car to lantau fab trip the rooms be very nice if small and we wish we 'd have time to use the pool . nice view of island from upper floor

as a regular business traveller this be one of the best and at the top of my list of stay that i frequent throughout the asia pacific region . it be well located to hkia and very convenient to hk central and downtown area via the mtr . the hotel excellently cater for the need of the business traveller and also have one of the best restaurant i have find in my travel , offering a very different experience with mix of spanish western and asian cuisines . the room be very comfortable and if you travel throughout asia , you will know how the bed be generally , but the novotel again suit my needs . the pool be tremendous in a quite different enviroment to that of the noisy city . the facility be first class

i book this at a last minute for an overnight stopover and choose this one for its proximity to the airport and its free airport shuttle and be certainly a lot cheaper than the in airport hotel . take a while to find the service desk at the airport for the shuttle bus   i think it 's in terminal   , desk  

be in hong kong for the rugby pity about the result . great place close to the airport and mtr rail transport . great shopping centre with outlet store for all the main brand

my wife and i stay at the novotel citygate , hong kong , for   night in october   we 'd be planning a getaway to hing kong for some time , and have research all the hotel review here on tripadvisor before make our choice

  get there   super easy to get there . there 's a shuttle to and from the airport . we come into hong kong via ferry from macau . the terminal have a subway station directly underneath . and the hotel have a station right outside , but you 'll have to walk through a shopping centre to get to the hotel . still easy and hassle free . train be easy to navigate in hong kong . think singapore or paris . all sign in english too . we stay one night in town after   night at citygate but we leave our luggage so that we 'd get the free shuttle back to the airport . it save us about   about   euro per person rather than take the airport express train from town

this be a great hotel in a great location . it be a modern , up market hotel and the rooms be very nice and well presented . the free shuttle bus only   min from the airport and easy train ride to the city     tourist attraction make this very convenient for traveller

stay at the city gate in hong kong for   night have a great time the food and service be fantastic and all the staff where very friendly and helpful

we stay on a one night stopover and the location be perfect . it allow us visit the ngong ping sky gondola ride and shop at the citygate factory outlet , all without have to catch transport . we stay on the executive floor with private check in out facility and lounge business facility where the service be second to none . the rooms be modern and well appoint and when the tv do n't work they come and replace it within the hour . breakfast offer a wide range of international cuisine and we eat dinner at oleum restaurant on the premises which we enjoyed . there be an airport shuttle that run every   minutes for add convenience . unlike other stopover location this one have a real buzz to it and we wish we could have stay longer

this hotel be about a     ride from the airport . they have a shuttle also , which run every   minutes . the moment you walk into the lobby , you get a sense of the style that you be in for at this hotel . it be very contemporary and sleek . the room be great ! it be very stylish , with a very comfortable bed and floor to ceiling windows and a large flat screen tv . i have a bit of a hard time figure out the light system in the room . i order the pizza from room service and it be pretty good and reasonably priced . there be a mall connect to the hotel with all kind of shopping and restaurants . also , there be public transportation that supposedly can take you downtown very quickly . i find the staff to be a bit cold , but overall , i think the hotel be a great choice for an overnight from the airport . it might even be a good choice for other area if you take public transportation

we really enjoy our stay at novotel citygate , tung chung . the staff be very service mind and friendly and we get the impression that they be proud to work at the hotel . the hotel be perfectly locate â € “ close to the airport , close to the underground station mtr every   min train to hong kong city , close to the outlet shop and close to the cable car to the budda . if you travel with child , disneyland be one station away . we send several postcard and therefore we be happy to find a post office just outside the hotel

this be the closest hotel to hong kong intl airport , so it be great if you have an early morning flight . big , modern , clean , efficient , and very friendly hotel , right beside an excellent outlet mall call citygate outlets . walk distance to the mtr which bring you to hong kong in about   minutes , and also very convevnient for disneyland . hotel be really first class , with good size rooms , excellent restaurant , nice lobby bar with music , and very friendly and helpful staff . hotel run shuttle to and from airport , but you may have to wait a while particularly on arrival in hong kong . if you ca n't wait , a taxi will bring you to the hotel for around hkd   â ‚ ¬   or so . highly recommend

stay here with a friend around the olympic open ceremony . its location be the main reason we choose it   since we have an   a m flight . the hotel have its own shuttle bus from the airport , which be very convenient for us . we do n't have any problem find the hotel shuttle sign , but we do wait some   minutes until it actually take us to the hotel

we want a comfortable hotel that be close to the airport . the novotel serve its purpose well . we book a standard room only but find it fine for a   night stay with a nice bathroom and comfy bed . we didn â € ™ t have any problem catch the free shuttle to the hotel but agree with a previous reviewer that a taxi would have be a good alternative as the hotel be only   minutes drive top

to be honest when i book in to this hotel i have just have   days at the langham place so anything be go to struggle to

stay   novotel due late arrival of nothwest flight     and early departure     bus pick up and drop off clean rooms , good swedish like decor,comfortable bed and good buffett attached to a     outlet mall    and metro to downtown hongkong be about   minutes

we stay here on our last night in hong kong and love it

my husband i have just return from honeymoon in hong kong . we stay at the citygate for   night before we move onto thailand . the hotel be superb and would highly reccomend it to anyone ! we stay in a suite on the   floor . the room be huge and the bathroom be superb with a sink bath complete with tv screen

as we have an early flight out of hk we choose to stay at the airport . initially we 'd book the regal , which charge a premium as it be the only hotel at the airport . follow some more research and a screwup with our regal book choose this place instead

we stay at the novotel citygate for business .

book this hotel as i need to fly off the next day for an early flight and the hotel be like   min away from the airport . they do provide complimentary shuttle service to airport which be good

for a quick stopover or for a bit longer , this hotel have a great vibe , trendy and chic . fantastic italian restaurant and the best buffet breakfast ever ! cool bar and even have a pool . for a little indulgence the hotel be attach to a fantastic outlet shopping mall , designer stuff for 'oh so cheap' . you 'll never want to leave

we choose this hotel for the reason it seem almost everyone else stay there have choose it   as a quick overnight stopover between flight

stay for one night at this hotel and it be great ! the room be comfortable , clean and affordable . an outlet mall be attach to this hotel , and there be a food court if you prefer to sample local food at a cheaper price , although the breakfast at the hotel be worth the money   per person . there be a free airport shuttle service that start at   and it be less than   away . the staff be friendly and helpful

citygate hotel hong kong good airport hotel , in fact good lantau hotel . stay in there   nights . get good deal online book agent on exc floor , so come with the usual perk , check in the biz lounge free drink of an evening , finger food , free internet , late check out   if want etc etc

the hotel be very nice , staff be very helpful . location be excellent , if you do n't mind stay outside hongkong city proper

we stay at this hotel for a night in january whilst in transit from london to saigon . all of the good things report by previous tripadvisor member duly happened . the airport transfer be very efficient and quick

use this hotel as a stopover on our honeymoon . very very short distance from the airport you can actually see the plane land and take off from our room with great detail and the hotel itself be modern and clean . we have our room upgrade into one of the executive level rooms on the top floor . great view of the cable car as they go into the mountain

i choose to stay at this hotel due to the positive tripadvisor reviews . the hotel live up to expectations . it be clean , stylish , well locate near the airport great for early flight and just steps away from the rail station that take you downtown in   minutes . to get to the rail station you exit the hotel into the citygate outlet mall major retailer have shop here and take the escalator down to the bottom floor . easy

this hotel be the best hotel i have ever stay in . the hotel be modern and so be the rooms . we stay for   night and it be quiet and we sleep soundly and the air con be quiet too . enjoy the outlook over the pool and the nice comfy bed . staff be very courteous and quick to help . we do eat at the resturant and the food be delicious

an excellent hotel for overnight stay when transit through hong kong flights . the rooms be modern , clean , bright     airy . everything works i .e . , air conditioning etc . service be very prompt , so i do not have to wait long for room key

we two adult and our five year old son stay at the novotel citygate for a one night stopover between new zealand and belgium on   may   the transfer to the hotel by shuttle be swift and friendly . we be let into our room by       be for which we be very grateful after a long flight . all our dealings with reception be courteous and friendly . the room be spacious allow for a rollaway for our son , slightly puzzling in terms of design . one drawback be the integration of the bathroom into the room not for any privacy reason but for the inconvenience of not have a separate area where the light could be switch on without have to disturb sleeping fellow traveller . also , the water from the shower leak into the room . the pool and garden area be lovely and peaceful . another huge advantage be the city gate mall with its shop and restaurant    we have fantastic vietnamese food at deli vietnam . there be huge residential apartment block adjacent to the hotel and we shop at absolute bargain price at the local small supermarket . the six o'clock shuttle the next morning take us back to the airport with plenty of time to check in for our       be flight on to london . we would definitely return

my husband and i stay at this hotel in april   the hotel have a complimentary shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel which run every       minutes . the hotel be a   minute drive from the airport . rooms be spacious and extremely clean . staff be polite and helpful

i agree with the majority of the positve comment on this website , i have note a few additional point below

this be a great airport hotel and be only about   minutes from the airport . the hotel have a free shuttle from the airport which run every   minutes . when you come through arrival , turn to the right and go to the end , we give our name in and within   minutes we be on the shuttle for the short trip to the hotel

this be an excellent hotel , good value for money , and very handy for the airport . the rooms be big for hk compare with the langham place hotel we stay at in kowloon , which be expensive with small rooms . the novotel provide a free shuttle service from the airport . when you come through arrival , go to the   desk to the right . you be give a sticker and a staff member come and collect you , walk you down to the bus with your luggage . check in and luggage delivery after a   journey be efficient . the hotel have a bad habit , however   even though i have pre paid for accommodation on the net , the check in receptionist want me to key in the pin to my credit card . take an impression be fine with me . pin ? no way . rooms be pretty spacious   the staff be helpful and friendly , although once you get to the door of your room , negotiate the electronic key system be a challenge . best to wait for the bellman with your luggage . same go for turn on the lights . the light switch system be a little too complicated . the room be open plan with toilet and shower in cubicle behind thick smoke glass doors . water tend to leak out of the latter cause a flood , and in our room the lock on the hand shower do not support the shower head . also avoid the bath gel   it burns sensitive area of the body

as we be arrive into hk early in the morning we book a room from the day before so that we could leave our case and have a     wash     brush up    before go sightseeing . however when we arrive shortly after   we be tell that our room would n't be available for an hour or so . i point out that we have book from the previous day but that do n't make any difference . we decide to wait in the reception area and request some complimentary refreshment to keep us going . that 's not possible we be tell as the coffee shop be n't open , even though breakfast be be serve in the restaurant

just have one night here during flight auckland to london and much need break . check in fast and accommodate , room spotless and we could pull slide door over the glass panel to the bathroom so that be n't an issue ! piano play around the reception and bar area and an excalator lead to the   or   storey citygate outlet centre for whiling away a few hours with levi outlet , timberland and the like plus a food court . shuttle from airport take   min to collect us but be only a   min ride away and early the next morning the   be transfer we 'd book leave on time and be at the airport in no time . sleek , safe and easy stopover i would certainly use again

i stay at the novotel on my layover back to the us from the philippines and must say that the hotel be a wonderful end to my trip in asia . the oleum restaurant downstairs serve up nice mediterranean food   the room itself be well equip with amenities and modern furnishings . i would absolutely recommend this for a stay near the airport or if you be go to hong kong for just a night or two

very impress with my stay at the citygate novotel . admittedly i be fortunate to stay on the     biz floor    actually this be level   in a king suite . rate be pretty great at aud     which include late checkout at   noon , turn down service , afternoon tea , cocktail and breakfast

a nice hotel , convenient for the airport but use their free shuttle every quarter of an hour as two taxi driver get lose try to find the hotel

a great airport   minutes from the airport a   story modern comfortable hotel dwarf by   story apartment block around it be fine . superior double     plus     service with a free shuttle from the airport .     for room and breakfast for two . excellent buffet breakfast include everything from smoke salmon to dim sum for     plus     . high speed internet in room for     an hour , we be really spoil in the us where it be free . unique and weird glass window between bathroom and bedroom see picture allow one to sit in the tub and look through the glass and out of the room .   inch plasma widescreen with english news channels , hot water kettle , safe , hair dryer , iron , mini bar . note you will need a british style three pronged adapter for   outlet in room not bathroom . a shopping center connect to hotel and short outside walk to gondola that connect to kowloon . this be an airport hotel , not a hong kong or kowloon hotel

the rooms in this modern hotel be of contemporary design and furnish to a very high standard . if you have pre paid for the room , and don â € ™ t wish to provide credit card pre authorisation as a deposit for use the mini bar , they will lock it with a minimum of fuss . room   , a superior double , be spotlessly clean and have a user friendly desk with a bright light above for work , alongside the large flat panel tv with a good range of satellite channels be a panel housing a range of video input socket for the tv include a standard pc monitor port

we stay here for one night on our way to a cruise base on trip advisor feedback . we love the hotel   the room be very modern , fully equip , helpful staff , and wish we would have spend another night so we could go to disneyland which be near ! be connect to the shopping center be wonderful which enable us to go to supermarket and buy large size of toiletry for cruise . only criticism be breakfast buffet where food be just okay . although we know they have a free shuttle from airport to hotel , i still email hotel and get a nice response immediately with complete direction and a map of counter in airport . we highly recommend this novotel . when we go back we will stay here as it be on subway line and could take in to city easily

very modern hotel locate   minutes drive from the international airport . we have be to hong kong   month previously so do not really want to go into the downtown area again . you could go into the city quite easily and quickly as the subway be so efficient and still return to this hotel if you wanted . we be only stay one night and then leave early next morning for our onward flight

we use this hotel as our base for our   days exploration of the hk islands . locate on the beautiful lantau island this hotel be perfectly connect to most interesting places . it be a mere   minutes trip to kowloon or hk via mtr . there be plenty of bus from the nearby station to drive you around with easy access to harbor for inter island connection or key access to the lantau trail . the   have just reopen when we be there and we be happy to use it on day  

we choose this hotel for its proximity to the airport as we have an early flight on our way home and this hotel operate a shuttle service

we thoroughly enjoy our stay at the hotel . i would like to share our experience with the honesty and efficiency of the hotel staff . withouth realize it , my daughter accidentally leave her new ipod shuffle in our room after we check out . the cleaning staff promptly turn it over to their supervisor who in turn contact the front desk . the front desk call my residence in the philippines to inform me of the incident . fortunately , i be still in hong kong and be able to retrieve my daughter 's ipod . i be pleasantly surprise with the hotel 's honesty and the great effort they take in ensure that our property be returned . aside from this , we be impress with the hotel cleanliness and efficiency . thanks !

we stay at the novotel citygate for a night on our way back home from shanghai . since the novotel citygate be a five minute free shuttle from the airport we think it would be nice to take it easy for a day before board and we be absolutely right . the hotel be new and well maintain , it be a tourist hotel as strange as it may sound but again , you have get an underground station next to the hotel and you be less than   minutes away from downtown . the rooms be tidy and the personnel helpful . also , there be a great outlet mall connect to the hotel with all sort of brand new balance , nike , timberland , nautica , adidas , ralph loren , etc    . book it on the novotel web site , it be the cheapest way and if you want to take the risk of wait until a few days before your stay to book it you could get an executive floor room for the price of a simple room

stay at novotel citygate   dec    dec

excellent hotel

this be our second time to stay in the same hotel . the location of this hotel be very convenient to the stop over traveler , it be much better than the one regal airport hotel . we buy a day pass for hk     , that we can take the mtr to the city , which be only a   ride . as this hotel be new and modern , good service and the convenient transportation , this be still our first choice when we stop over in hk

this be a lovely hotel which for an airport hotel have a good location ! they provide a free transfer from the airport to the hotel and back again in a minibus , though it be not advertise there be a desk in the arrival hall which you need to ask at

this be a great hotel for the traveler in need of a place to stay for a layover

like other reviewer , our   wake up call do n't happen . lucky we have set the alarm in the room , so no harm do

a great hotel for a stop over , exhibit at the nearby exhibition centre or if you do n't need to stay in the city

it 's a shame to let the secret out but this hotel be fabulous

very close to airport , staff kindly check me in very early and after i freshen up point me in the right direction to the main centre . there be a   storey outlet mall attach and mtr right next door .   and in kowloon . room be unexpectedly ample , well fit out and great value

i need a place to crash for a night in hong kong between flights . this be the lowest priced hotel near the airport . it be unelievably elegant and modern . it be also beautiful . a free shullte bus run from hong kong airport 's terminal   to the hotel every   minutes . i catch one just wait for me . we be in the hotel   minutes later

this hotel take the idea of designer rooms to the annoy extreme . the toilet and shower door open straight into the room . there be a glass pillar right in the middle of the room , that you have to go around all the time . because it be both so absurdly locate and make of glass that you can see through , it fail to register in the brain and you keep discover it over and over again right at the center of the room , like a nightmare in an endless loop . need to connect to electricity ? well good luck find it hint   it 's hide in the table . i have stay in 'creative ' hotel rooms before , but this one , whoever design it need to be lock away

this hotel be a short trip from the airport and a free shuttle be available . the rooms be spacious , clean and modern . the staff be attentive and efficient . great place for a no fuss transit stop through hong kong

there be plenty of good comment about this hotel already post here on trip advisor

we stay for two night in the novotel citygate . we be in town for an event at asia world expo and figure the citygate would be a good option as it be close to both the airport and venue

this be a great hotel for late early flight

fantastic hotel , rooms be great , highly recommend for a night stopover in hong kong , or longer if you want . easy access to the mtr , adjacent to the citygate factory outlet , and close to disneyland and the big buddha

the   minute ride from the airport be a bonus . i use this hotel a number of times in august whilst transit into asia . the hotel be typical novotel , clean , well appoint and gear towards the business traveller . even though it 's a great hotel due to it 's location to the airport , it also sit next to a train station . it 's a   minute ride into the city so a quick shopping trip before the next flight be possible . if you do n't want to travel into the city , the hotel sit on a major three level shopping centre with restaurant , cafe 's , a supermarket , clothes store , electronics and also a few outlet store with name brand about     off . a perfect stopover hotel

five minutes away from the airport and all we could want in a hotel ! this hotel provide something for every weary traveler who may be use hong kong as a short stop

we stay here for two night and be thrill with our accommodations . i have book via the hotel 's website , which be the cheapest i could find anywhere . when i check in , they upgrade me from a queen jr suite to a king jr suite on the   floor . the room be absolutely fabulous . everything be very modern , tons of closet space , a large bed with a huge plasma tv mount on the wall , and floor to ceiling windows with a fantastic view . the bathroom be absolutely my dream bathroom , with a step down large shower and bench inside , separate toilet compartment , and huge jacuzzi soak tub . there be even a tv build into the wall with surround speaker so you could soak and watch tv

this be an absolutely beautiful hotel . we book last minute , want a hotel near the airport , and could n't have ask for more . the restaurant be stellar , the rooms gorgeous and the view just beautiful . highly recommend

best airport hotel i have ever be to

i stay here for one night at the beginning of july . what a great , clean , hip , and modern hotel . as soon as i walk into the huge lobby , i know i be in for a treat . the room be beautifully decorate , and the bed very comfortable . it be so close to the airport , and the free shuttle be nice . its attach to an outlet mall , with theatre , store , and restaurant

vey good hotel , new , clean , kid of design . the service however be rather average   plenty of people but not effciient . the restaurant be not to be reccomended   the food be not very good and not very fresh and the service be terrible   slow and inefficient

love the physical property . you could n't ask for better ! it be right near the airport , there be a mall attach with a great supermarket etc . the rooms be small yet very well appoint and clean . i find the staff extremely average . if you have a customer service need they do n't seem to understand anything very well

this be a great hotel for an overnight stop but also offer more if you want to stay a few days away from the noise and bustle of victoria island or kowloon . the novotel citygate be five minutes from the airport on lantau island by free minibus which run every   minutes . check at desk   or   in the airport arrival halls . the hotel be new with very modern good size rooms well fit out with bar fridge , widescreen tv and tea and coffee make facilities . there be also a safe , iron and board and a hair dryer . they also supply a neat power plug adaptor kit   you can buy one for youself at the front desk . rooms be very quiet and have nice views . there be two resturants , but ca n't comment on these as i only have breakfast which be very good . an out door pool and gym be also available . the hotel join the citygate shopping mall which be full of factory outlet shops thru the mall be the cable car to ngong ping village and the po lin monastary with a huge mountaintop bronze buddha . well worth the ride . also in the mall be the tung chung mtr station . the ride into central hong kong take   minutes . you can also take the mtr to nearby disneyland there be a bus station at the end of the mall near the cable car terminal where bus tours be available to the quiet beach and small fishing village around the island

i fly from auckland to hong kong and want to stopover before travel on to london

truly brilliant . the best hotel i have stay at in its class . totally brilliant , coouldt not fault it in any way . flawless . cheap , yet   star looking . great view , just near the airport    i can not write enough good stuff about this

very stylish , nicely appoint rooms that think of everything for the traveler . perfect location for a quick layover in hk . good amenities . great night 's sleep . buffet have wide variety of excellent food . very easy access by free shuttle . we have stay there twice in the last year and would recommend highly

i want to go to the airport and board the van bind for the airport after enquire from the concierge as well as the driver . both confirm that the van be bind for the airport but i be take to the expo instead

i stay in hong kong at this hotel for five night at the beginning of may   the novotel be right     out of the wrapper    . it be a very new hotel locate near the airport . this be the major issue . although it be on a metro line tung chung line , it be the very last stop on the line . you be look at a healthy walk through the mall to the metro station and then a solid   + minutes to make it to hong kong central station where all of the action be

great hotel , with clean modern public space and bedrooms . very handy and reliable shuttle bus service to the airport   minutes drive . would also recommend the good size pool and the hotel restaurant

stay at this hotel for   night in between hk flights . what a great property . upon arrival at hk i proceed to   this be important as shuttle service not clearly mark . after a   minute waitl i be escort to the complimentary shuttle . check in be by a very pleasant reception clerk . i have request a non smoking room , but to my dismay the room reek of smoke . this be cordially rectify by the reception staff and i be give another room

i book the hotel for one night in hong kong and due to the short stay want a location near the airport . i have to say this be one of my best airport hotel expereinces

stay here for one night in april due to close proximity to

book this as need something close to the airport . we be pleasantly surprise that it be better than any other novotel we 'd stay in and rooms be bigger than normal for hk

i book this hotel for my summer trip . after that i find out that my age parent ticket have a restriction to not allow overnight in hk

stay here twice in the course of a week while have to overnight in hong kong . very close to airport and a very nice hotel , but a bit expensive and overprice for what you get . the rooms be very cool and the bathroom be integrate into the room with a clear column stand separate them . have n't see a hotel quite like it before , but its a cool design

because i be fly out of hong kong international airport on an early morning flight , i make a reservation at the novotel citygate for one night . this hotel be a great surprise ! clearly a very new hotel , it be fill with trendy decor and great service . the hotel be very conveniently locate near a subway stop and near the airport . i take the subway to the hotel and the hotel 's free airport shuttle the next morning

i need a hotel for one night in hong kong   get in late   and leave   hours later ! hotel in hong kong be more expensive than in some other asian city like the amazing deal in bangkok but i want the easiest option possible   and i think i 'd take the advice in   's helpful review

we book a   night stay in a superior queen room for   we decide on this hotel to avoid the long trek out and back to the city for just   night , and to try to use the cable car lift to the monastery

have already have   night on hong kong island and follow a   day tour of china , we find ourselves back in hk for one night prior to a flight to singapore

like a review from another traveller   they forgot my wake up call , i quickly pack and run to lift , run throught the foyer and jump in the first taxi i could find , i be very lucky being the last person to check in for a london bind flight

we stay here on a   stopover in hk . we take the free shuttle from the airport every   min from desk   the room be excellent . the best novotel i have stay in ! the adjacent shopping centre be outlet store which be great , but do n't open until   we be promptly upgrade when we show our accor card . free fruit bowl and water etc be a nice touch . the bed be huge and very comfortable . the view be nice . we be also give late checkout . we catch the shuttle back to the airport in the morning , check in for our flight , then catch the airtrain into hk for the day . very highly recommend hotel

this be our first stop on a two month around the world trip . this be a beautifully new and stylish hotel . the lobby be stunning and i would stay here again . we do encounter some problem however

like many traveller i probably pick this hotel due to its vicinity to the airport . however the friendly staff , efficient service , excellent restaurant and imaculate rooms mean i would make this one of my hotel of choice when in hong kong

my wife and i have a   day stopover at the novatel early in november and be delighted . i have stay at the hugely over priced airport regal and the novatel be a very attractive alternative

very good airport hotel ,   minutes taxi ride from the terminal or you can take the free shuttle . modern and quiet rooms , excellent bathroom , good service . the kitchen of the restaurant close to early for a hotel dedicate mainly to traveller

this be the ideal airport stopover hotel ! we have a very short stay at the novotel citygate , due to a luggage problem , but really wish we could have stay longer . we find the airport shuttle bus desk really easily     in a group of stand for all the hotel shuttles . it run every half hour , on the quarter if you miss one , it 's only   hk dollar to get there by taxi anyway . check in be very efficient and the very modern style room be absolutely wonderful . large bathtub , big fluffy towel and robe , lots of free bath oil etc , and the most comfortable bed . people have talk about the window into the bathroom   which have concern me a little   but you can pull a big door across it for total privacy

stay on route to china and on the way back to the uk

we have a high opinion about this hotel

great view , v . nice room but avoid the   floor if you can

only   minutes from the airport , we book a suite as the price be so good . be take straight up to the louge for check in

this hotel be at the citygate shopping centre in tung chung , on lantau island , only   min drive from the airport about     hk taxi . there be a free shuttle to the airport every half hour . from our room we could see the ngong ping skyrail which go up to the giant buddha tian tan buddha statue . the hotel be upmarket novotel with the chinese touch

