we stay at the olympic terrace suite for   week in july and august this year . with a   year old son and a   year old daughter , the three bedroom suite be ideal . there be plenty of room to ensure that it be n't claustrophobic and the kitchen facility albeit limited allow us to cook a few meals . there 's a great little bakery round the corner   ask for baw lo yau   pineapple buns with butter   delicious . there be hot weather warning whilst we be there , but the air con be effective in keep us cool . unlimited supply of bottled water be welcome , and i do n't think i have ever take so many shower in my life

i have nothing to comment about the condition of the suite as expect only a   star standard but i have something to say about the attitude of the staff man the reception

if you want to experience hong kong the way the local do then this be the place for you . it be a modern skyscraper situate in the middle of many break down dilapidate buildings . not too many tourist around here but that make it special . our family of   be meet with many stare and greeting as we walk the   block to the train station each day . and the people be really friendly . i be amaze at how safe we feel even at  

we be a family of four . it be almost impossible to find a hotel that will allow all of us to stay in the the same room . well , i find it here   a   bedroom ,   bath     serviced    apartment . and it be a great price   about hk     per night ! conviniently locate between two mtr lines . dim sum   block away . several bakery a couple more block away . they make for inexpensive , fill breakfast

we stay three night in december   , on a stopover from australia to europe . we book this hotel base on its good price , as we be travel on a budget . we get a one bedroom apartment with a kitchen , bathroom and lounge all rooms quite small . stay on the   floor so have great view from all our rooms

i find the hotel through a travel and hotel website but eventually find a better rate through their website

my husband and i be pretty fussy about our sleeping space . and find good accomodation for under   be n't easy in hong kong . olympic terrace be a clean and basic hotel , which feel more like a tiny rent apartment . we pretty much have a comfortable affordable stay   the only down side be the damp smell in the kitchen and have no cleaning service . the friendly personel at the front desk be a major plus as this be n't common in hong kong . as for the area it be a good place to stay that 's if you be ready to     mingle    with the local and happy to stay in downtown . the bonus    it be only a   walk to the nearest mtr . vist the supermarket at the dragon centre between   and   and you will find a big selection of discount sushi !

we , a family of   , stay here for   week around end of march , begin of april . we have a   and a   apartment on the   floor

we just come back from a   stay in this apartment from   mar till   apr  

we stay at the olympic terrace suite whilst on a lay over stop between australia and uk

we just come back from a   days stay in hong kong and we have a nice time stay in olympic terrace suites . the hotel be clean and the staff be friendly and helpful . my two boy simply love the   rooms suite face the sea . get to and fro from the hotel be no issue . the nearest mtr sham shui po exit c be less than   minutes walk . so hit down to any part of hong kong be not an issue and walk from the mtr station to the hotel in the night , do n't worry it be safe

some of the review here make this place sound like a bit of a dump but i am glad i take more notice of the latest review which have be positive . my stay for   night over the chinese new year weekend result in a good experience as long as you 're not expect too much

although the location of the suite be n't on the main tourist drag of tsim sha tsui , it be on the same mtr line tsuan wan line so the journey take   minutes and the train run very regularly i never wait more than   minutes . i actually quite welcome the location of these suite as sham shui po be much less touristy and be part of the 'real ' kowloon

we stay at olympic terrace on   oct   to   oct   it be locate in sham shui po â € “ which be also the nearest mtr station

we be a family of       kid   and   from australia   and stay here for a week in oct   we love it   great for a family   both kid have their own bedroom so they could go to bed when they like , good bathroom with plenty of hot water , pleasent kitchen and lounge room   yes all rooms be small but perfectly acceptable and much better than be in one or two rooms in a hotel . overall be very clean and well furnish in a bright casual way , light and airy , rooms clean and towel change daily , good internet and laundry on level   , cable tv , reasonable air condition but could also open windows . we be on the   floor so street noise etc be minimal . be very like the photo on the many web site we find photo on . very interesting view   beautiful at night . quick and easy to get to anywhere in hk on the excellent mtr service .   minutes interesting walk to nearest mtr station sham shui po , then   minutes on train to star ferry area . interesting residential working class  market area , with interesting fresh food and street market sell clothes , jewellery etc to locals . staff be helpful with direction , taxis etc . we always get a taxi back if late , as i not feel comfortable on the mtr late at night after about     from star ferry area taxi be about     reasonable . certainly would stay here again   thankyou

it be our first trip to hongkong . as we consist of   family total   adult +   , we have a hard time search thru the net for the best deal . we finally find olympic , and thanks to them , we go back with a great impression of hongkong ! !

spend   night over new year . almost what we expect have read the previous reviews . if you want luxury not go . if you just want to get your head down during a busy sightsee schedule you may be able to tolerate it . be careful when booking . i book with expedia and they allocate a   bed appartment with   bed for   of us . we would not have manage if i have not spot it . be careful get out of bed . if you get out the wrong side you will go out of the window . the kitchen exist but there be not a knife , fork or plate in the place towels the size of hankerchieves be change daily . the microwave and fridge do work ok . the area be extremely chinese and appear poor . people in general cant speak english in that area but try and be friendly . it be about   minutes on th mtr tube and the transport system in hk must be the best in the world . you can get anywhere really easily . not use olympic mtr , walk out of the front door , turn right and immediately up the busy road that be first right kwelin street and you will come to the station within   minutes sham shui po

avoid this place at all cost . upon check in i be give a single room instead of the double i book , the towel be dingy , toilet be stain , and the sheet smell like the last visitor . it 's       in the mourn and i â € ™ m on my computer book another hotel because after kill one roach and see another come from under the bed i cant sleep and i definitely wont be turn off the light tonight . the worst ever ! !

we return from hog kong last week which be well worth a visit . the people be friendly and welcome and there be plenty to do . the olympic terrace suite , where we stay , be a tower block wedge into older building in an industrial area to the north of kowloon right on the edge of the new territory accord to the map so a lot further from the main tourist activity of hong kong and kowloon than we have imagined . for a family of   experience hong kong for the first time the location be a bit of a shock initially . this largely industrial area be devoid of english speaker but not at all threaten if you exclude the taxi and bus driver who ignore red light at crossings . the welcome by a non english speak porter security guard be the most scary he be very kind and helpful because we be not sure what we be get in to as we check in at   after our long flight from sydney . the apartment it transpire have only   bed and two bathroom instead of the kitchen we be expecting . there be a table and large refrigerator but no appliance only a tv and old fashion noisy aircon unit for each area . the view of tennis court , as depict on their website , be largely obscure by the freeway flyover which run parallel to the street . the rooms be clean and very basic . we be too tired to argue and the kid need sleep so one child sleep on the sofa . we be offer a fold bed the next day but that be broken . i get the feel that if you be a longer stay customer you would possibly have have a good deal out of this place but for a short stopover i would not reccomend the olympic terrace suite

