have be to several hotel and hotel restaurant during my wed holiday , this be my favourite . the room we stay in be beautiful , everything you could possibly need , include the toothbrushes . the food at the bistro , the panda cafe , be great , the staff friendly and helpful , and the food in the upstairs at the balcony be also superb , try the pigeon

overall i have a great experience stay here for   nights . the room size might be a little small once we have our extra bed in but it be still okay . the hotel provide free shuttle bus to the main downtown area or you can take their mtr subway , which have a station about   walk from the hotel . the hotel start from the   floor of the building and the first three floor be shopping complex , which be convenient for those shopaholics . price here be comparatively cheaper than you 'll get in downtown area

i stay at this hotel when i have to fly out of the hong kong airport   times on my recent trip . first the airport bus to this hotel be infrequent and do not always leave one time since there be little traveler go to hotel in the nt . the hotel staff be friendly and helpful enough . i have to check my bag there a few times while on trip and have no problem with that

my husband and i get a great rate on the rooms at the panda hotel , which be the only thing that make it worth the price . very little be include in the room rate . our room be small , but very clean and comfortable aside from the strange rainbow colored carpet . the lobby be beautiful , and the panda theme be quite cute

reasonable price , good location for find food at night , friendly staff . kid be still miss it after years .  

book

have a great experience . check in be easy . room be big and comfy . washroom really clean and sanitzed . a c be cold . no free wifi but be able to find some free wifi through other buildings . location be about   min by car to mongkok or tst area . i not mind it cause the mtr be less than   min away and its convenient . the hotel offer free shuttle bus to and from mongkok area . i get a great last minute deal of less than     usd per nite . will be go back to stay again



i know panda hotel from tripadvisor 's review , and when i check the hotel official website , they be currently offer long stay package which make the room price really economical

we stay there from october       ,   our room be locate in the   floor on the first room leave side of the elevator    it be such a nice experience we have a spacious room with a live and mini bar kitchen area be we be able to unpack and prepare our takeaway from the restaurant outside i must say they be complete with everything   with   separate rooms in one room with   bathroom both have bath tub perfect after a long tire day of walk and run around the city    i think they just refurnish the carpet and there be ongoing renovations    i love how the front desk would accommodate your need   though i hate one lady who would reprimand their client while in the lobby for example in eat or sleeping while wait for others to com and cleanliness be good though the room smell like smoke that 's the down side . what i love about it be attach or have a shopping mall the panda place be we be able to roam around not go far from our hotel for it be within the hotel safe too ! though its location be in tsuen wan quite far from the main area like kowloon still we have fun many food stalls be locate nearby if you just look around    just across the hotel be a mall too with a store of phone cards in case you need one the guy be really helpful and very honest when ask question no joke    its nice to stroll around at night and see the street come alive in this part of hong kong . quite peaceful and not really super crowd around   onwards    pretty safe to me . they their own tour arrangement at the lobby if you want to have a tour etc just inquire    the hotel be complete with amenities from fitness to restaurant though the lobby be in the   floor still its okay    though the view that you could see form you room window be the residential building that 's the only view you could see include the high way    love my stay there i hope they open up a branch somewhere near kowloon . i 'd love to come back ! â ™

get a big nice room on   floor non smoker , big kingzizebed , bathroom and small table with chair , nothing to complain about , very

i be initially book into this hotel by cathay pacific for a layover and since return for two more short stays . the rooms be good , well designed layout , clean and comfortable . the rooms on the executive floor be highly recommend ! i find staff at least helpful to very accommodate and the place be definitely a good value for money . good room service and excellent breakfast buffet . the only drawback be the location which be a good half hour from the airport

it 's not convenient area to access to the town , in the quite isolate area like where we be in hong kong ?   

overall good value for what you get   it 's locate in tsuen wan which be ~   minutes from tst by subway . the rooms be standard size , clean , and the amenities be well kept . staff be friendly and helpful . tsuen wan be a residential town but have a lot of good place for food and shopping . will stay again after stay there twice before !

this hotel be kind of old , but they be do some innovations . i really like the laundry room , they give you token to do   load of laundry per day

okay , it 's not in a central location but i have to say , this hotel be fantastic value . and , the staff be extraordinary . they have do everything in their power to ensure i have be happy during my stay , which will be nearly   week when i check out . i be write this review from my room now , i be on an executive floor  the top floor of the hotel , after get upgraded . there be nothing wrong with my first room , which i think be great , except some plumbing issue and the staff immediately upgrade me for the duration of my stay the value of the new room be now   that of the old room . on the lower level the rooms have large size refrig , microwave , coffe station , full size desk , table ,   chair , wardrobe , armoir    the rooms be huge ! on the executive floor the room have be design in modern form , with a flat screen tv , king size bed , chair and ottoman , and work station . all the rooms have in room safe and wireless internet be available for a fee     a day or     a month . there be also an executive club room on the   floor of the hotel , with city view , lounge , internet , newspaper etc

great value for double room , room be very big , bed be very comfy and pillow comfy . rooms be very clean and great cleaning staff . walkway to the mtr a   minute walk , local shop and restaurants . close to major mall with grocery store . very safe at night come back late night . free shuttle to tst and

be to hongkong a lot of times . panda be recommend to me by a friend since i heave n't stay in the new territory be , i decide to try it . the lobby be under renovation when we check it . on top of that i have request my travel agency to book a king or queensize bed since i be travel with my boyfriend . reception say they do not receive the request so they offer to put the twin bed together   i just agree because they be full , accord to reception so i do not really have a choice but to agree   very uncomfortable bed , nothing at all romantic . the only nice thing about the hotel be the shower . good water pressure and hot . but if i be give a choice again in the future would rather stay in another hotel . staff be not that friendly anyway    wonder y they be full ? ? but if you just want a place for sleeping and shopping . hotel be ok . a place just to sleep with no great

we stay there before head off to langham place . the panda hotel be value for money . it have generic rooms , but i love it 's location , but i am not talk about its proximity to all those tourist spots because it 's not . it 's out of the way and far , i know , but it 's near or in a residential area . it 's quite nice to see people 's daily lives . there 's a basketball court outside which can be see from our room , and several apartments condos

my third stay in hongkong , stay here for   nights . after several second thought about the location of this hotel because of the review here , it turn out to be a great one . truly a value hotel with   star quality . we have a convenient and most enjoyable stay so far plus shopping

  day stay in panda plus room which in reality be a double room with a queen size bed and a last minute camp bed instal for the three of us . ok , this place be get a bit old by standrads and some area still need refurbish but overall , the deal we get with free buffet breakfast and have all the extra facility available to us , include bathroom with shower and bath , microwave , tea make ,   channel tv , pool , over zealous air condition , be good value . hotel have a free shuttle bus service every hour there and back for most of the day and night , down to kowloon + mong kok average travel time about   minutes . good all round facilties outside the hotel include all the fast food and   's you could name . choice of   mtr stations ,   or   minutes walk either way not that we need them with the shutle bus connection and airport coach door to door be     at time of writing . good concierge service . pool close in typhoon warning times even if at level one with blister heat and sunshine . breakfast , although plentiful , get a bit repetitious and this be about the only area that let 's the place down , due to the fact that no matter what time you attend your   meal of the day ,   to   , there be always something empty . be it the fruit juice server or one of the food selection baine marie bins . on top of which , if they run out of butter pat , you will always get the replacement , straight out of what appear to be the coldest freezer system on earth .   minutes to thaw butter out for your toast be not funny . oh , and the pipe music will drive you crazy when the track 's get stick on one parody .     would i stay there again ? quite probably as the overall enjoyment of have just that little bit more of what could be expect from a similar downtown establishment , exceed the little disappointment we find along the way . this be our   stay in hk from england . airport to hotel shuttle bus ,     one way . about   min if you 're the only drop off .   floor be a no smoking one and with reasonable views . away from traffic noise and noticeably good soundproof between rooms either side   do have mediocre speed wi fi for internet but lock to subscription of hotel and subsequently , expensive to use

locate in the middle of kowloon , but away from the main hong kong business area , good location for business traveller

i stay four night in a     deluxe     room and enjoy my stay . the room be newly refurbish , clean and big enough . it be also locate on the     executive floor    , which be very nice and peaceful . i dislike only the distance between the panda hotel and central hong kong .     tai wo hau    mtr station be only   minutes walk from the hotel but the mtr ride take some time and might be quite exhaust especially during peak hours

panda hotel , locate at tsuen wan , new territory hongkong,      minute walk from the nearest mtr    wear your most comfy footwear

the panda hotel be a great location between the airport and business center . it be close to the subway transit . hotel have a great restraunt with great food and service . mall be locate under the hotel . rooms be extremely small and only use twin beds . very crowd for   people

panda hotel my second time i stay in panda for even do quite far in the central its

i get a 'stay   pay   ' deal so i stay in their 'panda plus ' room at the panda in february . with   include breadkfast , all tax and surcharge , i find it attractive esp . for a   property in hk

we stay in the panda plus room for   night and the room be clean and spacious . pretty easy to get to the hotel from airport by take bus   which cost you hk     per person

enjoy our two night stay . clean room and helpful staff

we love the spaciousness and cleanliness of the room and facilities . three of us have no problem sharing the room complete with our luggages . we also appreciate the fact that it be locate a fair distance from the heart of hong kong   which mean that it be quiet and tranquil   perfect to rest and relax in after a long day of shopping and walk about

book the hotel through a travel agent in singapore . be expect the hotel to be good from the photo of the hotel

nice hotel its a bit away for the centre of hong kong but still only about   mins . plus with it be at the start of the tsuen wan line you 'll get a seat ! ! anyhow back to hotel , rooms clean , quick check in and out plenty of shop in hotel and near by . bit of a tip get off the train at tai wuo hou station . check which exit you need i think its a , you 'll see panda hotel over the road bit to the right . you ca n't miss it its get a massive panda paint on the side of it

stay in   bed apartelle suite with our   boy age   and   have a wonderful stay . suite be spacious and peaceful after the bustle of hk . rooms clean and lovely comfy beds . we be really impress with hotel pool and change facilities . use the mtr most days and enjoy the walk back and to . although hotel be situate outside tourist area , shopping precinct underneath hotel be useful for eat near to hotel on a couple of nights . bakery on ground floor great for breakfast

do n't like it a lot but enough to try it again if i have no other choice in future trip

stay in late august     be expect to be on executive floor since we have book a   suite they advertise the suite as part of their executive floor   so a bit

satisfactory hotel in hong kong , nice staff , good food

love the panda . we stay on executive floor , which i highly recommend . the accommodation be more up to date , even though small . they adjoin a second room for us for our daughter , so have   rooms and   bathroom with update furnishing be lovely . the staff at concierge desk at the executive lobby be very helpful , even write out direction for us in chinese for the taxi drivers . we enjoy the simple breakfast and cocktail hours each day that come with stay on executive floor . we will be back

panda hotel   stay in  

i have be stay in hong kong for two week , at a very expensive hotel . then i extend for two days and decide to move somewhere cheaper , and to have a look at the new territories . maybe the contrast between four star on the island and three star in the territory give me a negative impression of the panda



i stay in this hotel on a   day   night package  i be upgrade to a room on the   executive floor on arrival  the room be very nice , king size bed , lcd screen ,very clean , clean bathroom with a very good shower  the buffet breakfast be excellent at about   dollar . the gym be small but adequate , the surround area around the pool be not very attractive . internet access wifi be extra at   for an hour  staff be courteous not really friendly as in smile but if you look for advice or help they will oblige . the mtr be about   min walk and that metro be excellent . it take about   min to get to the city . overall i be very

we have just return from a   night stay at the panda and have only good things to say about it

  . the front office staff apart from be rude     unfriendly , also demand us     per day per room before we avail any room services , which future guest may please note

need a well priced hotel in hong kong as we would be stay there for a week for work . honestly , we choose panda because of its price   it seem to have the best value

the food be amazingly tasty    and the employee be friendly . i be work for   years in a hotel industry    and now work in the most famous ocean liner luxury ship in the world , please believe me when i say        true service can only be define by the great server themselves      so try them ! the good news be that i will be thre again this march   to join my ship cunard   hepeeeeeeeee ! = joyner abbu  

i just come back from a   stay in hong kong , panda hotel be suggest by a travel agent . it 's quite cheap but the room be old . i request for a newly refurbish room instead i be give an old one , the last room on th   floor , so from the elevator i have to walk for   min to get to my room . the room be just ok , but clean , ref be sooo small . some of the front desk staff be not approachable or at least not look friendly . i especially not like one of the conceirge , he 's not helpful at all and very unpleasant at that , the management should teach the customer service staff to atleast smile or reply with a nod once a customer say     thanks    , or perhaps these people be just not so friendly with filipino guest , you 'd see the difference when they talk to american or european guests . that be just soooo wrong . but to be fair , some of the staff be helpful and pleasant , the hotel be within   drive away from the airport . there be a lot of restaurant and snack bar in the area . they provide free shuttle ride to downtown hongkong , bus driver be friendly , free wireless internet acces in the lobby . although the vicinity be not recommend to tourist who be into enjoy the view , the hotel be sorrounded with old rusty building , though it 's safe to walk around . i regret to have not choose a hotel in

we stay in kowloon because hong kong be too expensive . we be glad we did . the lobby staff speak english . the bed be comfy . the room be quiet . the area the hotel be locate in be convenient to the subway and right near the big market   great shopping   cheap restaurant   nice cover walkway elevate keep us dry and out of the street when walk to the subway . wifi works in the lobby . they have a cheap bus that take you right from the hotel to lots of hong kong     kowloon destinations . would stay there again ! take the train to guangzho   really cool to see real chinese countryside   and a breeze to get into the mainland . just do n't let anybody at the train station , at customs or the airport offer to take your bag   they 'll charge you for a   journey and confuse the hell out of you   act like they 're all official and such also   if you 're american look you have a sign on you that say     please yell at me in an effort to get me to buy what you 're sell   the louder the better   

the whole family stay here for   ngihts , we have occupy   rooms . panda hotel be locate at   tsuen wah street , tsuen wan , kowloon , hong kong . you can easily spot the hotel because of the mural of a panda paint on its exterior wall . the first and second floor of the buidling be a shopping center , you could do your last minute shopping here where you can find clothes , cologne , shoes and a lot more . they have an outdoor swim pool at the   floor , we have n't get the chance to try the water because the weather be cold i think because it 's still winter . the size of the room be ok but the furniture be quite old , the room be not so appeal because of its neutral color . the toilet and bath be excellent , they have a bath tub with shower . the toilet and bath room look clean because of its white color . we have n't encounter any problem with their service , it 's just that some of them do n't understand english . we go to mongkok and from mongkok we take the mtr , take off at the tsuen wah terminal and walk for about   use a footbridge which will lead you straight to the lobby of the hotel at the   floor . it 's not at the heart of the city but it 's ok . travel be not to and from the hotel be not a problem

i stay at the panda hotel for one night until   the next day as my flight be n't until midnight . the staff be great despite be so busy and my transfer , arrange in advance , all work like clockwork

my wife and i spend   days last november at this hotel in an executive room

the hotel be suggest to me by the staff at the airport for a   night transit stay . for just   , i be take to from the hotel by bus , and have a great 'executive ' room on the   floor . room be very well equip , spacious and clean . free wifi internet be available in the lobby

we stay in this hotel for a week during september   we find the staff be very professional and friendly and the hotel be lovely and quiet at night the foyer which have just be refurbish be beautifull . we do n't mind be away from the main stream of hotel because tsuen wan give us a real sense of hong kong and the under cover walk to the mtr only take about   min if you could resist the shop in the mall on the way and the free shuttle bus lay on be just as quick , we use it all the time to get into kowloon . we would stay here again and would recommend it to anybody

although you 're in the new territory , it 's really easy to get to hk on the mtr . it 's the last stop on the mtr tsuen wan and take about   min to get to kowloon . take bus   from the airport which take an hour and only cost     you go to the last stop and get a short taxi

i stay at the panda hotel in hong kong the night of mar .   ,   while it be quite far from the city center kowloon   about   km . , the hotel be pleasant and very reasonable   for me     us per night , include buffet breakfast . the shuttle from the airport be easy and cost only     us . they even have my name at counter   in the airport where you get the shuttle . the hotel staff speak english and be extremely courteous . while the floor carpet be stain i believe they be renovate , the room be otherwise very clean with all the amenities , include tv , a c , and a refrigerator . the free breakfast be fine . cab be cheap and this hotel be closer to the airport than most . for a business stay or overnight , it be a great bargain . one caveat   the dine room can be a little expensive if you 're on a budget

ok , so the location be n't central but the free shuttle make up for that and take no time . also , take into consideration that this hotel be one of the few in hong kong in which the rate include breakfast   a big plus , especially if you not know chinese   the sole language in which most restaurant menu be write

we book the panda last minute during the sars outbreak a few years ago to catch the roll stone ' hk performance . despite sars , most of the reliable hotel prince , marco polo be still fully book that weekend , so on the advice of our travel agent , we go with this affordable alternative . the hotel be shabby   stain on the wall , bed and carpet . we request a change of room when we find the in room radio to be break it could n't be turn off and we be move to a better floor   ie , rooms look better . the location of the hotel be terrible    you have to walk around   minutes to the nearest mtr station and stay on the mtr forever to get to central or causeway bay . we will never stay there again

