here be a wide disparity of opinion on the parkview suite in the other reviews . have stay there for two month whilst on business i will try and put it into context

we have the occasion to spend a year at parkview suite and feel like we have always live there . what can i say , a family suite be   sq ft , with a full kitchen , and a wonderful grocery store on site with australian beef , lean and mean , so you can eat in your suite every night if so inclined . maid service ever day , free taxi service to downtown and dock , with hong kong at your command . whether you travel here on business or pleasure , you can not go wrong with parkview suite

be here nearly   month with family and new bear and will stay another month . could not be happier ! have stay in central hotel many times and enjoy the location for short stay . for longer stay i like parkview for the nearby hike trail , barbeque site , gym , many pool , on site grocery store , and full kitchen with laundry . i even enrol my daughter in the on site preschool for a couple of months . the staff have be wonderful

minimum stay be   month which be normal amongst hk service apartments . if you have a family then this be more child friendly than four season and pacific place . good facility for the children . have shuttle bus   to central and taxis be convenient . staff be helpful . development be over   years old but in good condition

i grow up in hong kong and live in parkview for six years ! the facility be wonderful and the hotel and apartment be beautiful . parkview be home to local as well as expatriate and be very westernize despite some of the review i have read . there be a grocery store on site , two outdoor pool , tennis court and more ! additionally , there be plenty of taxis wait outside the hotel to take you wherever you need to go    you can have them drop you off at the bottom of the hill to catch a bus if you need to save money and  or want the experience of double decker bus

a long long way out of anywhere   reception be not especially welcome , feel more like an apartment complex than a hotel   extremely limited facility   i ca n't recommend it

after fly all day we arrive at the parkview expect a charming   star service apartment

locate a long long way from anywhere , many of the recreational facility be open air check this before you travel , the rooms be large but poorly equip and not at all modern , bathroom do n't even have non slip mat in the bath , toiletry very poor , and when i ask for a shave kit , i be tell i would have to pay . after a   hour flight on which i am not allow to take a razor , i expect a nominally   star hotel to have this kind of thing ready and wait   if the langham can , so should this establishment

if you 're tire of noisy and hectic downtown business hotel with   or     service charge and arrogant service come up to the hill and enjoy parkview suites . we spend there only   days on friday to sunday but reallty enjoy ! ! even standard suite be huge   kitchen with microwave , toaster , stave , fridge , icebox   everything ! livingroom with tv , dvdplayer , cd,vcr , etc . , all what you know from   star hotels .   outdoor pool with waterfall and area to relax ,   indoor     roman    pool ,   sauna ,   hot jacuzzis , supermarket and resonable price restaurant around . taxi to wanchai take   minutes . big advantage be the quiete area , the close hike trail , the more comfortable climate up in the hill if you hate the     fridge    a cs in conventional hotel here you can even open the windows and let fresh air in your room

