the hotel be safe and clean . the price of the hotel fit mosts budgets . the best part be the hotel have a     , kfc , macdonalds all within walk distance of the hotel . we have an enjoyable stay though we be on a budget trip

the hotel staff be friendly . eventhough the cleaning lady do not know how to speak english , when i tell her and show my flat iron that need an adaptor , she be able to give me what i need . the room be big and fit our family of four two adult and two child . the hotel be walk distance to the shop

i be avery frequesnt traveler and i stay in several   star hotels . this time i bring my niece along with me for a treat to hk disneyland

we choose asia for our vacation for   mothns . our first step in hong kong we love hong kong ! ! our first stop on our trip , it be better than expect

stay   night on a combine business leisure trip at the park hotel . our room be spacious with a separtate dine and office area , the bed though , be only   cm wide and quite hard as everywhere else in asia

we have be stay at the park hotel for our hong kong trip for over   years

hotel be in a great location staff be excellent ,room be very good and most important very clean have   at this hotel and could not fault anything will stay there if we go back to hong kong

we love hong kong ! ! our first stop on honeymoon , it be better than expect

i have stay at the park before and i wish i have not listen to a person who recommend the the kowloon hotel what a disaster that hotel is . i should have listen to my feelings and go back to the park . i have always have great service and really central to our needs . rooms be great and even though they be do up grade the staff be always helpful . i certainly would recommened the park hotel to any one . we be orignally book to go back to the kowloon hotel and i arrange for my travel agent to change hotel while on holiday   great move that was  

we have stay in this hotel numerous times . the last time we visit be last october   so we be pleasantly surprise to find that renovation be almost done . they now have a new and more spacious lobby , the rooms look better and the staff be noticeably more attentive . i love the fact that this hotel be near the mtr station , nathan road , ocean terminal and a lot more point of interest around the tsimshattsui area . the breakfast buffet be quite extensive . tea selection can be improve but then again , it be only a   star hotel . it be great that this hotel have decide to improve on their facilities . the only things miss be free internet and a better tv system but if you be always on the go , these be things that you wo n't be miss

great hotel in a fantastic location . i would stay here again as the rooms be large enough , the air condition just right and the curtain black out the light . just right when you need a sleep in the

ugly reception desk . so so clean rooms . affordable price . staff ca n't speak a word of english so there be a language barrier all through out . if you like to be near a bustle night life , this be the place for you . not a place for children . my teenage cousin have a slight traumatic experience near the hotel . as soon as we cross the road , a pimp be wait at the other side offer     night of fun    for travelers . if this be your kind of fun , then be my guest

what can i say ! have   girlfriend with me and this hotel be fantastic , location , staff , breakfast and rooms . rooms be larger , shower     what can i say about that    powerful shower head and always hot water regardless time of day or night . close to mtr ! we only have to ask once for skim milk and it be always at our table or give to us . staff always helpful do n't have one prolbem . rooms clean every day . i will be stay at the park hotel again ! always have note in our rooms of next pick up or whatever we have plan

we be a family with two daughter age   and   find the park hotel excellent . great location , only a few minutes to tsimshatsui subway station . the street have great choice of eat place , especially charlie brown 's across the street , we have excellent value breakfast there . we have to have   rooms , would have preferred adjoin , but end up with rooms next door to each other , which be no problem . rooms be a great size , bathroom facility be also a very good size , and fitting be   class . rooms be service daily , with all bathroom item be replace , and fresh towel provide daily . the foyer be unfortunately be renovate , and be temporarily locate on the   floor , but this really have very little impact on our stay there at all . the concierge be fantastic , and book us a couple of tours , his english be very good . we would highly recommend this hotel to any family . we be very impress all round

great location very close to mtr station,just need to walk around   to the mtr station,is a very famous hongkong cafe or     char chan teng    by the name of tsui wah lau or if you prefer fast food,kentucky     burger king be very near too if you like to try hongkong dim sum,just walk   min to a nearby office complex,go to   floor,you will see a big chinese restaurant the price be very reasonable  sorry,forgotten the name of the restaurant,you can ask the bellboy at the lobby,they know the name coz it 's the nearest to our hotel i highly recommend you to taste it,much much better     tastier than most of our dim sum in malaysia

the rooms in this hotel have be recently be totally refurbished . they be spacious and ours at the rear of the building be certainly quiet . the staff be friendly and helpful . the restaurant give a generous discount to hotel guest for breakfast . the location be very convenient for the local shopping district . if you be look for a tailor to make a suit , there be many to choose from close by . it 's about a   minute walk to the star ferry . bus transport be readily available , and the airport shuttle bus hk   one way almost drop you at the door

park hotel be awesomely lovely to stay in

this be my second time stay with park hotel in hk , though i have stay few times with park hotel in s'pore . staff be friendly and enthusiatic to serivce . room be clean and in good condition . amenty kit also good quality . just   point down for the hotel be renovation in ground floor seem never end . it would be perfect   , if they finish this

stay at the park for   night in june   as soon as we checked in we be immediately upgrade to a superior deluxe room on the   floor . everything be newly renovate , the room be large by all standard , with a nice bathroom and great views . location be excellent , walk distance to the walk of star , subway ,   , mcd Â ´ s for emergency

i stay here for   night in july with a friend . i pay for the cheapest room but i be upgrade to a larger room i suspect it 's the deluxe room

we book three night our room and bathroomm be large . everything be spotless and function ! air condition be too good if anything . all mod con include tea and coffee facility , comfy bed , quiet , design light and tv with cable tv included . sure the hotel reception be undergo renovation and be temporarily locate on level   , which be due to be finish very shortly . it be n't a drama . the concierge be helpful and so be the concierge at the front door so i be surprise that an earlier reviewer say they have to handle their own luggage . as far as i can tell , there be staff on the ground floor   hours a day . maybe it be a once off incident with the other reviewer ? ? it be a good location in tsimshatsui kowloon with all you want closeby   shopping , restaurant and transport . all staff have be courteous , professional and helpful . we ask for an extra towel and toilet paper , and the housekeeper bring up quickly a couple of towel , as well as the toilet paper and a box of tissue the latter we do n't request . we have breakfast deliver to our room   work out cheaper than the buffet and at least the food be cook for you to your order rather than sit around in a bain marie ! could n't recommend the park hotel highly enough and if we return to hong kong , will definitely stay here again . faultless and spotless ! and what a bargain

good

it be worth spending days pick the right hotel for our hk trip because park hotel be exactly what we be look for . we be well aware of the renovation work so the tiny lobby , the drill and the hammer do not bother us at all . in fact we only use our room to sleep and drop off stuff

park hotel on chatham road be a four star property ideally located . a hotel 's location make a pleasure trip enjoyable and park 's location could n't be better . it do n't have the grand harbour view of , say , shangri la and intercontinental both of which be its neighbour but then its price more moderately and be a functional hotel for someone who 's not plan to spend too much time in the hotel , instead concentrate on sample the sights and smell of a vibrant city

this hotel be undergo renovation which i be unfortunately unaware of . the entrance be simply a doorway at the moment amongst shop across a road   so we have no help from our airport driver with luggage which create an immediate poor impression . upon go up the lift to the   floor for the reception   a temporary sheet over old desk arrangement with fall apart sofa to wait do nothing to change this . we be then show up to a room with   twin bed   for a family of   ! i rang the reception to say there have be a mistake and be tell for an extra bed i would have to pay an extra     a night ! back downstairs we traiped   whingy kid in tow and produce our document from our agent say we have book a double plus one extra . they say it be an error with the hong kong agent and that we would have to pay extra . after   minutes of argue that it be not our fault and that they should be give us the appropriate room and fix it up with the agent later , we request for the head manager who within   second offer us a room with   double beds . hallelujah . the room be great , bath and all , but the drill between   and   be a bit annoy when try to rest in the afternoon . wo n't stay here again

the wife and i spend a week in hk at the beginning of the month . it be a public holiday and most hotel be full . we end up book at the park and while expensive because of the timing , it be a very good choice . we catch the airport express to kowloon for   each one way . there be then a choice of free shuttle bus to take us to our hotel depend on the shuttle route   just ask what bus to jump on for your hotel . these free coach be a bit of a walk from the train itself but a good way to get to your hotel if you be unsure how far it be by taxi . renovation be still ongoing at the hotel however this have hardly any impact . check in be fast and efficient and we be upgrade to a deluxe room on the   floor . room be great   clean and modern . a touch on the small side and like most asian country the bed be very 'firm' . however , the location be fantastic . near nathan road , numerous restaurant , close to the mtrs , all the shopping , the waterfront . all this mean an easy walk to everything while enjoing the alley shop , all the good stuff as well as the indian tout of course . overall , a very good hotel with a great location

for tourist it 's perfect now that there be subway and fast train to china basically underneath in   's use park because our office be on chatam road next block . be live in taiwan at the time

the hotel be suitably locate within the walk distance from all major street of tsimshatsui area , which be great for go out in the evenings . although it be still in the process of renovation the temporary reception be on the fourth floor , you will have no problem with it . the staff be polite and friendly . after you check in and go to your room , in few minutes they will bring in some fresh fruit as a welcome and that be free . my room be on the   floor and i have never have a hotel room so high before for my personal taste , but i do not have any problem with that because elevator work perfectly so i do not need more than a half a minute from the hotel 's entrance to my room 's door . my room be large enough and well isolate so i have any problem with the street noise , either late in the evening or early in the mornings . two bottle of drinking water be regularly supply every day free and i always bring along one of them while go out

stay here for three night for a short vacation with the wife and kids . since the ground floor be still be renovate and the corridor lead to the elevator be quite narrow , hotel staff be station there to act as traffic police to make sure that those get in and those get out of the elevator do not bump into each other

spend four night at the hotel and get a nice , quiet room but with a view of the rear of some old buildings . the room along with the bathroom be spacious , clean and contemporary though the furniture be scuffed . as others have note , most of the common area be close off for renovation , so there 's not much to do in the hotel but who would want to confine themselves to it when there 's so much go on right outside ? it 's a short walk away from the avenue of the star with great view of hong kong island . the mtr station be also within a short walk distance with plenty of shopping on nathan road

i stay at the park hotel for   night and the hotel be undergo major renovations . the lobby be temporarily on the   floor and the ground floor completely board up . the ceiling be very low on the   floor where the restaurant be locate , not great if you 're taller than about   foot   ! ! renovation should be complete by september  

just spend   week in the park hotel   it be a great location , very close to the metro and within walk distance of many attractions . we be upgrade for free and for no particular reason , which be a welcome surprise . the staff be very helpful and friendly . the room be clean , very large great see as most hong kong hotel rooms be on the small side . the bathroom be clean and marble floored . would definately stay there again and would recommend to everybody

we love this hotel   my kid love it ! ! it be clean , newly renovate , reception on   floor not much but who cares   you 'll spend like   there for check in and out . rooms good size , bathroom big for hongkong standard . minutes from mtr , mcdonalds , yoshimoya , kfc ,   all in all    grest stay for us ! ! ! safe and staff very helpful

i like the room , be big , clean and new . i get an upgrade to deluxe room , so this review be base on the deluxe room , it 's big enough for me and my family , with   adult and kids . the room service be good , i request for more blanket and it come just   min time

i read almost all the review for this hotel prior to my trip and feel comfortable with what reviewer write when we make our decision to stay here . we stay at park hotel for   night last week and it be a very nice experience . as most people mention , for a   hotel , we get an excellent deal . we book through expedia com we pay usd     night , and     for weekend , include breakfast for a superior room . note that holiday inn golden mile be a few block away , also a   hotel , but relatively more expensive

i have stay in numerous hotel in hk , for   star and consider the price i pay hkd   , this be probably the best

i be n't sure about stay at the park hotel because on the map , it look like it be far from the harbour and shopping . this be not the case . the location of the hotel be excellent . there be good shopping close by and the designer shop be not far away . the museum of history and the science museum be very close and worth seeing . the mtr subway be just at the other end of cameron road and be very easy to use if you buy an octopus card which be easy to buy . the hotel staff be all friendly and helpful . the newly renovate rooms be very pleasant and the daily complimentary bottled water be an extra treat and the supermarket be very close for purchase additional water . we get a great deal which include a late check out to   pm and breakfast daily . the hotel also have a special at the park cafe , save     off the bill . i highly recommend this hotel

stay at the hotel for three nights . a small check in area in the   floor but who cares    the receptionist friendly and efficient . modern , comfortable rooms and nice firm beds . have the best sleep in many week ! nothing really bother us in the room   not even the experimental design of light switchboard .   from hk airport take you directly to the hotel in   min at a reasonable price of   hkd . the tsim sha tsui subway station   min walk

i be book at another hotel my first night in hong kong    but that place be pretty horrible . i immediately hop onto the internet and find park hotel in hong kong . i choose it because it be reasonably price , good location , and have great review

the rooms be good , the staff be good , the location be one of the best in hong kong and the price be reasonable

disappoint with the apartment we rent   as it turn out so small , not what we expect   in causeway bay , we start to seek a hotel during our visit . with help from my cousin who currently life in hong kong , he recommend us this park hotel with a great fare of only   per room per night

this be a great hotel . the location be perfect for tourists . easy walk to nathan road and the subway . lots of stuff to see and do within walk distance . hotel staff be friendly and professional . check in be fast and easy . the lobby be awkwardly small so there 's lots of luggage pile everywhere but the hotel be in the middle of renovate the first floor lobby area so maybe they will add some room . nice size rooms be very appreciate since many rooms in hong kong can be quite small . not here . bathroom be very clean and up to date . bed be a little too firm for me but not bad . nice desk for do work . internet access be include in room price . nice couch and coffee table to relax at . room safe provide for valuables . my main complain be that all the light in the room except the bathroom be control by a box next to the bed . so if you want to turn on the lamp on the desk , you have to get up , walk around the bed , and search for the button on the box amongst several buttons . i stay here twice in one month on both side of hotel and so i recommend you ask for a room face out the front of the hotel . the back side face other tall building which be n't as nice . hotel have a free buffet breakfast which be nice . not a lot of choice of food but what they have be good , especially the made to order omelets . hotel be also locate   block from a free shuttle to the kowloon station where you can pick up the airport express train . hotel can sell you the airport express ticket too

stay in the hotel for   night , check in be easy and painless we arrive at   in the morning

pay     per night for   night in sept .   through agora . hotel lobby be still undergo renovation , but the rooms and hallway be done . and look good . no noise at night as they stop work . location be in center of commercial tsim tsa tsui , and   mins . walk to tsim tsa tsui metro   exit . there be a cheap nice barbecue pork and roast goose restuarant beside it for quick fix when hungry . you can also take airport express train to kowloon station , then take free shuttle bus   which have a stop across park hotel . would definitely stay in this place again in the future

my daughter and i stay at the park hotel for   night in august of this year . we find the rooms comfortable and clean . the view of the building across the road be n't the best   but hey i am not here to sight see from the room

we stay in park hotel from       aug   the location be perfect , most of the sights be a stone throw away , plenty of good decent eatery around the area   mrt be less than a min away

i stay in park hotel from the   to   august . it be a great hotel for its price , very convenient location , relatively near to the mtr , and surround by restaurant , shop , etc . renovation be still go on , but we hardly hear the noise though we stay daily in the hotel until quite late we go out only at about   could hear some lite drill on and off for about twenty min per day , but that 's about all . the room be not big but good for hongkong hotel and everything be very new and clean . staff be polite and helpful . the free shuttle bus to the airport be just across the road and come every   min

me     my boyfriend stay here for   days and have a great time . we arrive earlier in the morning and be able to leave our luggage at the front desk . when we come back we get upgrade to a bigger still pretty small room . all staff be very helpful . everything in our room worked . we only have the food at the restaurant for breakfast and there be always lots of variety and fresh fruit etc

i stay there during   month and it be very comfortable , convienient , you feel safe in the area , it be right in the center of everything , shopping , restaurant , night life , subway  

we be a family of   , include   young kid and elderly parents . we stay at park hotel in kowloon for   night in june , and absolutely love it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we take the airport bus   with   piece of luggage and get off right around the corner of the hotel . although it take a while to get all luggage to the hotel lobby , service at the hotel really impress us . the check in be fast , and our luggage be up in our rooms in no time . staff be really helpful and provide information whenever we need , such as the best dim sum place within walk distance

great location , comfortable rooms , gorgeous bed and linen . staff extremely helpful at all times . make the chaos of hk bearable

we stay for two night en route from australia to europe . we manage to get a good rate for a double room queen bed . the hotel be easy to get to by airport express train to kowloon station and then a free shuttle bus   to a stop across the road from the hotel . we find the hotel clean , comfortable , roomy and convenient for get around . we could walk easily to the metro station and a bit further to the star ferry . we would not recommend the restaurant in the hotel   the food be uninspiring

there 's still some renovation not complete ithink . but the room be great ! everything inc . the hallway , lift , even the control in the room be modern . since it 's newly renovate , the furniture look clean     new , and we be so comfortable during the   night we be there   it 's just a few min walk to tshim sha tsui mtr   bus   go to the hotel from kowloon station airport express but will have to walk a few metre to the entrance . rooms be also not dark and creepy at all

renovation at the park hotel seem to be totally completed . we stay in the executive room . the room be very nicely renovate , spacious and very comfortable . the bathroom be also renovate and come with the usual amenities . the hotel be in a good location be locate within   of the tsim sha tsui station and   of the east tsim sha tsui station which bring you to shenzhen and right smack in the the retail shopping areas . the concierge reception be very friendly and helpful . plse ask them for nearby restaurant recommendation bec those that they recommend turn out very well while those that we venture to by ourselves these be   restuarants locate on the main street near the hotel be a disappointment . all in , this be a very good value hotel and highly recommend

i first stay at park hotel   years ago . ever since then , i have shun the hotel on my visit to hk because it be really tired , worn out and rather depress to me

the renovation seem to be almost complete   except for the lobby   at the time of our stay . but there be nothing that interferred with our enjoy the sights , sound and taste of kowloon during the   night we be there .

i be choose between kimberley and park hotel for their location . after much reading in ta , i decide to go for park hotel and i am glad i did . i be there from january   ,   and i do n't have any complaints . like what you will most likely read here , the hotel have just finish its renovation so everything be new . i ask for a room for three and be expect it be cramp but i be pleasantly surprised . we be give a quite spacious room , there be enough space to dance around even !

good location on kowloon island in heart of shopping area

we have four days in hong kong to see the sights . the park hotel be ideally situate , close to tsim sha tsui east metro station and within easy walk to shop and restaurants . to get there from the airport , take the airport mtr to kowloon station and a       minute taxi ride to the hotel . we book a deluxe room which be about right on space and the bed be comfortable . the bathroom be a good size , and overall , the room be well maintained the air condition be fine and the room be quiet . breakfast be vary and plentiful with an international choice . staff be friendly and helpful . so with all the positive be there any negative ?   only the roadworks outside the hotel but they will probably be finish when you go

i stay   nigths in this hotel and give   us   deposit . this be much more than   price . i do n't understand why they make me to pay this amount

hi , please stay at the park hotel kowloon . our experience be great . the breakfast every morning include a fresh omlette while you wait . room large,clean , quiet and very comfortable , bathroom large and well supplied . hotel walk to everything and in the middle of the action . will stay

book through asia rooms . the hotel entrance     foyer be unprepossessing but the rooms , dine room     all other public area be lovely   all recently renovated . our room be spacious , quiet     comfortable . in addition to the usual bathroom bit     piece there be complementary mineral water

i recommend this hotel to everyone on a trip to hk short or long who want convience ,   quality and good service . it be very good value for money . location at kowloon good for the walk tourist who want to see a bit of everything . rooms really pleasant with everything you need for a comfortable stay . it be about a   walk to ferry terminal to go to hk island and   to nathan rd . some really great sushi place across the road , very fresh . there be a small supermarket   min away , a tip for those want some 'wine ' hard to find in hk . they have a good selection from around the world

this be a good hotel , location be good , and it be reasonably priced . we stay on the   floor have be upgraded . the room be big ,clean and have adequate facility

my china company 's hotel of choice be the park hotel when in hk

we stay there for three night in nov and they upgrade us to the junior suite for the three rooms which be great of them . location

my husband and i stay in this hotel for   nights . we choose this hotel because it be recently renovated . we take airport express to the city and then transfer their free shuttle bus to the hotel . in the information , one of the stop of the shuttle bus be park hotel . disappointedly , we find that the bus could not stop in front of the hotel and we need to carry our clumsy suit cases and walk for   min to the hotel . the hotel be locate in a very busy street and also , lots of construction works be carrying out on the street next to the hotel , everywhere be noisy and dusty . the frontage of the hotel be very small and no car be allow to stop in front of the hotel . when i step in the hotel and disappoint again , that the renovation be still not yet completed . not only that , the staff at the front desk be not so friendly and helpful , and give us a very small corner room at the dead end of the corridor . on the floor plan , we note that it be the smallest room on the floor . at that moment , i regret to choose this hotel . after approach to the front desk again , they let us have another room with larger size . we start to settle down and try to enjoy our stay in this hotel

stay eight night in room   staff very helpful and friendly . room be large by hk standard two armchair and one vanity chair at dress table . twin bed be large , almost a double . the consol on the bedside table that control all the electical equipment in the room take some get use to , but once master be ok . room very clean . bathroom very clean and have all the smellies and other goody you would expect from a more expensive hotel . even japanese style flat slipper be supply

we arrive here at   be totally wreck after no sleep on the flight from london . the staff be work off their foot due to massive checkout that morning after a conference . but they do their best to get a room clean for us quickly so we could get some sleep

my husband and i be on a short trip to enjoy ourselves shop and eat and shop and eat in the city of hong kong and we be advise to stay at park hotel as it just get renovated . we be n't quite sure if the agent 's give us good advice then cos we want to stay at nathan hotel initially

stay at park with family last august by again rely on fellow trip advisors ' good review of this hotel . again , ta be very accurate . we love park ! ! the twin rooms we get be new , very nice , and clean . nice modern decor and electronic switch to boot . definitely a plus be the clean toilet n bath which be a must for me . though the reception lobby area be small part of renovation and during that time i think the hotel be fully book so we be make to wait   for the   room to be ready we request for   adjacent rooms . but it 's just ok since we just bring our stuff to the available room and tour off the nearby streets . there be plenty of shops boutiques around the hotel ,   just around the corner , there be   mcdonalds one across the street , the other just   block away , several restos and food shop arround .   you 'll never go hungry ,   plenty of shopping around the hotel ,   very near transportation   to mtr tst , taxis around ,   area be safe even late at night ,   friendly hotel staff ,   newly renovate hotel . so what more can you ask for ? ! ! we will definitely stay at park again and recommend this to others too

location   about a   min walk from the tsim sha tsui subway stop exit   . extremely convenient

my husband and i get a very good rate for a room at this hotel in june   we stay there for one night as we have to attend a wed nearby

cant be beaten value for money  good clean rooms with everything you need friendly staff who be always willing to help in everyway .

stay here many times many years ago . recently come back again and be still very happy about the place

what a fantastic   star hotel ! the service , the room and the location be   star

a pleasant four night stay in a twin superior room at park hotel from   to  

we be n't too sure what to expect as some of the previous review have n't be very good . however , this be an excellent hotel . there be still some ongoing hotel upgrade work be undertake , but it really be n't a problem as you be out during the day

we stay at park hotel for   days  the day we arrived,there be many guests,but we be give a room right away  we stay on the   floor asexpected,the room be renovated,the bed ,carpets,bathrooms be new annd clean no smell at all the staff be friendly and accomodating . they welcome us with a basket of   bottle of mineral water  the location be great because you can easily reach the mtr station in   minutes outside the hotel,were many store outlets,restaurants  my kid enjoy stay at the hotel  and i will recommend this hotel an advantage be that if you will take the airport express upon arrive from the airport,a free shuttle bus will take you straight to the hotel,since park hotel be a member of the         or the five hotel in kowloon which be affiliate to the airport express .

great ! ! ! i be worry after i have read the previous review of this hotel when the travel agent book me in to this hotel for my honeymoon . i have high standard when it come to accommodation   and be greatly relieve when we check in . the hotel be beautiful , our room be of a   star standard , the staff be very friendly and helpful and the buffett breakfast be divine . i could n't have ask for more . i would definately stay here again

after reading the review on trip advisor we be apprehensive about our stay at the park hotel and request a newly renovate non smoking room

we stay at the park hotel for   night in february . the staff be extremely friendly and helpful . it be locate in the heart of kowloon and be in walk distance to all the major shopping and tourist areas . the hotel be be renovate so there be a bit of construction equipment around but no noise . overall its a great place to stay , particularly if you be lucky enough to get one of the brand new rooms

our company use this hotel for all the westerner who come to hong kong around once a month . the newly renovate rooms be a real pleasure . the bed be hard by western standard , we find that to be true in almost any place in china and japan . you can ask for an additional comforter , and sleep on top of one of them

i read review from trip advisor on this hotel in july and decide to book this hotel . many thanks to the reviews . i could n't agree more that this be a value for money place to stay

have read the previous report i wonder what our travel agent have let us in for but all   people in our group think that the hotel be ok and above the   star average . good clean rooms and facility and a very nice restaurant for a reasonably price meal . and i be a fussy person when it come to accommodation !

a friend and i spend   night stay at the park hotel at the end of june . we have adjoin newly renovate rooms on the   floor . the renovation be in their final stage , with new shop on the ground floor open each day . the hotel be recommend by qantas as a good , convenient , not too flashy hotel . it do n't have the acres of lobby and chandelier that many other hk hotel seem to have but our rooms be spacious and clean with a small fridge , tea and coffee make facility , a retractable clothes line above the bath shower and , very importantly , excellent airconditioning . public transport access be great , hotel staff be helpful and there be a   nearby for stock up on cold drinks . we would definitely stay there again

its awful , infact british airway have stop use it after we all complain so much . the only good this about this hotel be the location . the rooms be terrible , they smell of damp and have huge damp patch on the wall and ceilings . the carpet be a disgrace , the bed be very very old fusty and smelly . the curtain be the same . i be devastate when we arrive there , we be travel in a big group so we just have to put up with it , there wasnt even a bar to socialise in with our friend so we go to the aussie bar just across the road the kangaroo bar , which i highly recommend . the hotel be undergo serious renovation , you cant even see out of your window its that bad . in my opinion it should be close at the moment

anyone and everyone who be even think of stay her please do not

while the park hotel be in a convenient location with respect to closeness to the mtr and nathan road , it do not give us good impression when from the road the whole hotel be     shrouded    in green mesh as it be and be still undergo renovations . speak to one of the friendly staff , we find out that the renovation would be still ongoing for another   month

the park hotel be well below average . after   week tour europe we end up at the park hotel for   nights . we have order a triple superior room suitable for   adults . the room allocate be next to the renovation work , a tiny twin bed room and they be go to put a roll away in as well which would have mean that the furniture would have to be take out of the room . we complain and be give a larger triple room that back onto the elevator and the room use by the service staff as a utility room , noise most of the night and highly unsatisfactory

i have return today from   night of well yuk after our stay at the park hotel still under renovation after   years smells damp,beds well put it this way my dog have it better than we did we be a family of   adult   children no cold water for shower fix after we complain mould in bath rooms,no heat except small fan heater no laundry facility except expensive send out laundry coffee shop close under renovations,building work noise start at   untill late walls need painting,toilet fill basin very close to your backside dont be take in by photo of modern clean hotel all not true,if you can go

we stay at park hotel for     from nov   to   for a twin share room . it 's clean , the room be just enough , though it 's not yet renovated . the room have hot and cold water , complete toiletry , hairdryer , empty ref and tv . since we leave in the morning and come back late in the evening , we do n't feel the noise of the renovation be made . the lobby be quite small , hope it will be bigger after renovation . my comment be you can hear the sound of the vehicle from the outside , though it do n't bother us . it 's two block away from the mtr tst station in nathan rd , and this be the most important thing coz you can go anywhere to the great tourist spots . there be lots of small store in the vicinity , like   watsons,photo cellphone , drugstore , eatery , tailor , mcdo and souveneir shop for your last minute shopping . you can walk from the hotel towards the kowlooon park and ocean center terminal where the big shop are . one night from the avenue of star we just find ourselves just walk to the hotel . the staff be great and will assist you patiently and tell you where to ride   exit and how to go back to your place . you can leave your bag for a late check out w o addl charge . safe and great location , i recommend this hotel for your trip in hk

