i stay here on a recent business trip to hong kong . i check in , go up to the room , and find a horrible moldy smell . i ask to have my room change , and they say that the hotel be booked . they also send somebody up to my room to spray it with air freshener . he claim that he could not smell anything . i then call the hong kong university that have book the room for me and ask if they could get the hotel to change my room . ten minutes later , i have a room that do not stink . i really do not appreciate be lied to in the first place . what a huge pain

almost all hotel in hong kong be tiny dont get catch out this hotel have big rooms and all the mod cons brilliant value

our family have always preferred this hotel ever since i can remember because of its excellent location and we have be here countless times . the mall be a short stroll away it 's actually build within the mall but the hotel have see better days . it 's still clean though and since it 's old , the rooms be larger than more modern hotels . it 's ideal for family with kid

our short stay at the prince be very pleasant . the staff be all very friendly and helpful . complement to christine at the front desk for gracefully and professionally handling my checkin with a pushy mainland tour operator scream at her , try to jump queue

we have a mix experience , stay for   night with   child         . when we arrive the staff be very friendly and keep the child entertain while we check in . we be advise of a special offer be we could upgrade our room for a minimal charge which we decline we be tired and just want to get to bed ! but with hindsight i wish we 'd take it up

marco polo prince hotel be the best budget price for me with my family because of easy access to tsim sha tsui station,nathan road and to harbour city shopping mall which you can do shopping , eat , stroll and many more which you will not get bored . no problem if you get tire because all you have to do be to return to prince hotel without walk to the street , the hotel be very convenient for traveller who want to visit hk

the rooms in this hotel be awful and nothing like the picture that be feature in the trailfinders brochure that we book from . they be outdated and grubby and in serious need of refurbishment . the first room we be give have a serious damp problem no   and one wall be all lumpy due to the damp on the plaster beneath , but rather than deal with the problem , the hotel have just try to crudely cover it up with some new wallpaper . when i ask to move rooms they tell me that we have be give one of their best standard rooms as we be on honeymoon this just mean that we get a glimpse of the side of the harbour where the china ferry dock , past an office building . in my humble opinion , not exactly a view to die for . they then show me to another room that be the same grubby outdated decor , but at least it do n't appear to have a damp problem

we have just return from our trip to hong kong last week . it be our first time there . the prince hotel be not like the photo 's at all . we have four kid and it be not place to take kid too . at first , when you arrive and be take to the lobby , it look like the hotel be elegant and be live up to it 's name but then when you have stay there for a couple days , it turn out to be a drag . the lobby be too small an narrow with not enough seats for guests . there be heaps of people come and going . the staff walk around the lobby stare at us our kid constantly give us the     evil    look . we be wait for our pick up to the airport and have to wait outside on the stairs in the shopping mall

i be a little bit hesitant in book at this hotel due to vary report

stay with my family in a room with two queen beds . the room be a bit small for all four of us and be look a bit worn , however we be not in hong kong to sit in a room

i stay here for a very hot and steamy week in august on a business trip . and i can say that the experience overall be only satisfactory and no better

stay at this hotel with my wife and   child   and   as it be one of very few hotel to allow us to stay in one room . like many of the other reviewer , i find that it be in an excellent location . part of a huge shopping mall with over   shop from small supermarket to many designer shop . the hotel be within a short walk to many of the museum , star ferry etc . find many great restaurant nearby include the beckinghams ? bakery on the ground floor of the shopping centre across from the entry to the hotel , the quarterdeck   in the shopping centre same floor as toy be us steak , fish , pasta   great view of hong kong island from the back table . the room i stay in   be fine with reasonable space  staff at the hotel be helpful and the breakfast have a good range of food for all taste

the hotel be in a great location to check out the sights in hong kong . it 's about a   minute walk to the mrt . it 's about a   minute walk through the harbour shopping mall to the star ferry , which take you to central on hong kong island

i have stay in hotel in   different country in the past   years and the marco polo prince hotel would have to be the best   star hotel yet

thumb up for the good and convienent location   the lobby and front desk definitely look good for an old hotel but    i seriously think the rooms need refurnishment  

have stay in this hotel many years previously . we do like the slightly larger than average superior level rooms . even though they and the perhaps the plumbing be in need of some refurbishment , it be very clean and quiet for such a busy area . corner glimpse of the harbour but no direct view as far as i could see , not that this be a problem for us . extremely handy for our pre and post cruise stay . the cook buffet breakfast in the spice market restaurant , although plentiful and cater to all taste , be a little disappointing and not up the standard of other similar hotel we have stayed . there be a slightly greasy , over cooked aspect to many of the hot dish on offer and even some of the bakery offering seem as if they have overstay their welcome . overall reasonable value for money

this be one of the few hk hotel that would allow a family of   to stay in one room  most want us to book two rooms . our room be quite large with two double bed , and space for a little table and two chairs . as others have note the decor in the rooms need update , and some of the fitting definitely need replacing . however it be very handy to have cupboard and a fridge to store food for snacks breakfast . besides the spice market deli that others have mention , there be two supermarket in the shopping complex that be handy for buy milk , bottled water , fruit etc . for dinner , there be an almost overwhelming choice of restaurant but we find the canton deli on the   floor to be very reliable and good value for chinese food

i have be stay at the prince hotel for several years , most recently in march   what this hotel really have go for it be its fantastic location , attach directly to ocean terminal and close to other major shopping destination , to the star ferry , and also to the underground mtr . it make go around hong kong or even across the water for a quick getaway to macau extremely convenient

spend   night at the prince and return a week later for   more night

marco polo hotel seem to proliferate around hong kong , which must explain why attention to detail and good service be overlook along the way . marco polo prince sit adjacent to marco polo hong kong and gateway . i do n't know about the other two in this area , but prince feel more like a spruced up holiday inn motel to me . which be a waste , since it 's very near the harbor city shopping mall , this gigantic shopper 's haven which occupy a lot of my time and cash ! . the overall look of the area feel and look like it be in a pretty upscale location , but from the instant we enter our hotel , it feel dark , dingy , and the staff be stiff and overly reserve , make us feel unwelcome . budget wise though , they give good packages . the only reason why i am rating it   star instead of   be because we do n't really encounter any problem with the hotel per se . it be just the whole atmosphere of the hotel that do n't agree with me , and i am usually a happy camper

upon arrival , i be greet with an irritate shock . despite nobody mention otherwise , our room would not be ready for a few hours after we arrive , leave us to carry heavy bag to starbucks , where we kill some time until the rooms be ready . the receptionist also try to charge us     extra for mini bar and in room movie something which also go unmentioned and we have no plan to use these . fortunately , they let it go . unfortunately the reception staff be inefficient and keen on charge extra for something or other   but once you can get past them , the hotel be quite good

there be a number of hotel in this recently complete shopping complex in kowloon . the prince hotel appear to be one of the older one and be in a good location . with the large shopping complex outside the door and its proximity to nathan road it be a good base for explore hong kong . there be some refurbishment ongoing so the leisure centre be unavailable and there wasa cost to use the one in the adjacent sister hotel

my husband ,   year old daughter and   year old son stay at the prince hotel from dec   to dec  

book premier newly renovate rooms , but we find the interior and lie out of our rooms look exactly like on a picture post by a reviewer on this website , date   when we ask the reception , they give mix     unclear explanation

a shine bright lobby welcome me to this hotel , which enjoy an excellent location . however , once i get out of the elevator to go to my room i wonder whether i have step into a different hotel . the ambiance look somewhat cheap , old and outdated . the room itself be just alike , though very clean , with a large bathroom and a very comfortable bed . just what i need after an   overnight flight

while i prefer the more upscale marco polo hongkong hotel , the prince be a very good alternate during period when the hotel rates be high , as the prince be about     less expensive . location be sensational . the rooms be not tiny or huge , a little above average for hong kong . bathroom be large and lots of counter space . bed be very comfortable . buffet breakfast be very good and the hotel offer discount price for this   day stay . high speed internet in room be very fast and not overpriced . lobby be small but well manned and the service be friendly and professional

stay at the prince for one week whilst on business . on arrival the porter take my luggage and i check in . i have half an hour to get ready for a night out     minutes later still no luggage . i rang reception and they say it have be take by the member of my other party ? i tell them i have check in on my own and they be very confused . after much run around , my bag be locate   floor down with the people who check in before me . nobody apologise and they look quite put out by the incident

we stay in this hotel as part of our honeymoon in august   the room we be provide with be very large and clean . it be a little date and seem like it belong in a james bond film from the   's . the location be great and kowloon itself be very interesting to explore . two and a half days be enough for me in hong kong all the same especially with the humidity at that time of year . the staff in the hotel be very helpful though a cheap canvas print we ask the concierge to post home for us have not arrive yet . we pay extra for breakfast to be add and it be one of the most comprehansive breakfast buffet i have ever seen . yum

we stay in the mcp for the first   days of our honeymoon and what a start . we upgrade to a business class room for the princely sum of hk     per night about â ‚ ¬   and for that have our own private breakfast room full silver service , a larger room and higher up so a bit further away from the street noise

nice hotel in hk . near the shopping center and not far from the port   min walk . the breakfast also great

great location . near nathan road and the tsimshatsui mtr station . also about a ten to fifteen minute walk to avenue of the star to witness the symphony of lights . staff be very accommodating . very large rooms ! a typical room for   can easily accommodate about   more people . hotel be also connect to harbor city mall so easy access shopping and dine be also possible . since its near the mtr station , access to everything on the island and hk island be easy and possible . i 'd recommend this hotel

my husband ,   yr old son and i spend   night at the prince . we initially find it hard to locate because everyone keep direct us into a shopping mall until we finally realize that the hotel be integrate into the mall

the hotel be locate at the end of an upscale shopping mall in tsim sha tsui kowloon . there be two other , more expensive marco polo hotel locate in the same mall . the mall occupies the entire

ok , we get it , hong kong be expensive !   the marco polo prince be an entry level upper ish tier hotel in kowloon , so our expectation be at least above average . if you pay that much in a city like dc or boston , you get a pretty decent place . plus it 's not that much less than the sheraton down the road in kowloon     less or so , so again , we be hope for a nice place to spend a romantic vacation . btw , after the first night we would have move in a jiffy if the sheraton have rooms

this be our final stop after a   week trip around mainland china and be a treat for   tired travellers . we arrive at just after   and they way we be greet you 'd think it be the middle of the afternoon , the staff be bright , cheerful and keen to help

we stay at the prince hotel several times over a two month period . i be lucky enough to have spend two month in asia , travel to china , japan , singapore and indonesia . we fly on the cathay pacific all asia pass which connect through hong kong , so we stay at the prince hotel   separate times and each return seem like a homecoming to us . the lobby be very bright and welcome , the staff do everything possible to ensure that our stay be comfortable . we always stay in a room with   double bed which be large and a great size for a hong kong hotel . the bathroom be also surprisingly large . sure , the room may be a little bit worn around the edge , but everything be keep spotlessly clean . there be a mini fridge and complimentary bottled water provide replenish daily . there be also a kettle that we use a couple of times to make instant noodle very handy for a cheap meal

my wife and i have a six night stay at the prince oct   the staff be very accomodating and welcoming . the rooms be currently be updated . they be spacious enough with large bathroom that be clean . the housekeep staff be diligent and friendly . the location be perfect   short walk to the mtr , ferry and   taxi to the airport train kowloon . close to the temple street night market and all that tst have to offer . a must do at the hotel be the buffet breakfast that you can make a deal for . the dinner be also great for a change . connect to harbour city mall , there be a great food court area with ample choice of fresh thai , vietnamese , korean , chinese , taiwanese , japanese and fresh bakery . would stay there again

have a wonderful stay at this hotel . location be convenient , close to shopping , dine and transport . staff be courteous , friendly   definitely commendable . bed comfy , bath clean and luxurious . enjoy our stay here

book a last minute break in hk in early september   and the travel agent advise me of a good package deal to the mp prince how glad we be that she did . the staff be extremely helpful and courteous , the suite be large and well furnish although all view from the windows be of other building walls . hey how long do you stand at the windows look out

we stay one night june   , and one night july   stopover   great location , staff be excellent especially ivan , room be large   we have two adult and two child , so have a rollaway bed and two doubles . bathroom be spacious and very clean . toiletry be plenty   and they supply robe and slippers . breakfast buffet be fantastic   what a choice . curtain be so thick that you 'd better set the alarm if you do n't want to miss breakfast . i 'd stay here again

we have be to hong kong many times but always stay on the hong kong side . this time , we choose to stay in kowloon and pick marco polo prince . we pay a bit more than if we have stay in a   hotel but no way do we regret the extra expense incur because we have a wonderful time

stay at the hotel from   june   the staff be very friendly and accomodating . the room be very big , especially for a hotel room in hk . the location be excellent as well . it be attach to harbour city , an upmarket shopping mall with more than   brands . there be alot of cafe , restaurant and shop in the mall . there be many shop outside the mall as well , include a duty free shop and several other brand stores . hard rock cafe be nearby too . the mtr station be a stone 's throw away . you will not find it far as there be alot of shop to look at along the way there . overall   a good hotel to consider , though it may be quite old    but it be still well maintain

we have now stay at the mp prince on   occasions , and it have become our first choice when travel through hong kong with our   children . the rooms be large by hong kong standard     double bed and spacious bathroom dressing room area . i would say that it be some years since the rooms be last redecorate , but this be more than compensate by the great value they represent at least when book through trailfinders ! and the space they offer . the spice market buffet have a wide variety of asian and western cuisine and be a big hit with our kid who love cooking their own waffle ! the staff be always extremely courteous and helpful . good location on kowloon   in harbour city shopping mall with dozens of upmarket shop , lead down to the waterfront and the star ferry . also near mtr

we stay at the marco polo prince hotel in kowloon hong kong for   night in april   this hotel be in a great location   walk distance to all the kowloon action   the foyer be modern but the rooms be very tired . the bed be a shocker   hard and very uncomfortable and if you be look to get the head down on an comfy bed   this be not the hotel for you . the pillow be worse   they sink flat   so combine that with the hard old bed   and you get no sleep and a bad back   all for plenty of hk       . the spice marekt on lkevel   have the best buffet in asia   no issue there and there be value for money in this buffet . the hotel be connect to a shopping centre   good shop and a good coffee shop . the bar price in the hotel will send you break   find a better place to drink   there be plenty around . on the street around the hotel you will get hustle for girl   mostly by a sexy female mama . thats just par for the course in asia . find another hotel   this one be too uncomfortable

jusr back from   night at this great hotel . upgrade to a suite and love the room . great size for a family and all the shopping bags . great position and great restaurant nearby . service be excellent rang for an iron and it arrive so quick i think they must have be wait in the corridor . my only problem if you could call it that be the one bed i sleep in be very firm and it take some time to get use to  i would only stay at this hotel or maybe another marco polo hotel on my return as it make the vacation special

my wife and i have just return from   night in hk stay at this excellent hotel . on arrival check in be complete in a matter of minutes and all the book details and inclusion be spot on . we be upgrade to a standard suite due to the length of our stay . the room be very clean and attention to detail be excellent . the toiletry supply be a very nice touch as be the bath robe and scuffs . we find the buffet breakfast to be excellent , numerous choice of hot and cold dishes . this be pay for at the time of book the hotel at the travel agent and be a must . great value for money . the staff at the hotel be always polite and friendly . nothing be to hard . the location be great as well . be on canton road you be only a few minutes walk from the mtr , star ferry terminal and buses . the hotel be part of a shopping complex with very easy access . overall we would have no hesitation in stay again and throughly recommend this hotel

we stay there for the complete chinese new year . the staff be very friendly . we get a suite room but then we be tell , this could only last until new year , then we have to move into a different room with a higher price . with a smile on the face the receptionist explain     high book season       o .k . , but what a surprise   we come into a single room , very small , small bed   really terrible . after our complain we could move back into our previous room the price didn Â ´ t move back , of course

