our family have visit hongkong several times     we have stay in this hotel twice . be not too happy the first time as we be put in a supposedly non smoking room with loads of cigarette smell in both the rooms . however , this time round be alot better . the location be superb as the mtr be just at the basement of the hotel . besides , there be many eatery within walk distance from the hotel vicinity

i stay here for the majority of my trip around christmas time . i think the location be great ! mtr at the bottom of the hotel , on nathan rd . , close to temple streetwith lots of eatery and shop close by . i would consider the room western sized . i stay at the kowloon hotel for   days and while it be nice , only really have room for the bed . our room at the prudential have a king size bed and enough space for a chaise

we arrive at   and it be hot and the door staff be so helpful with take our luggage from us and send it to our room

this hotel be well situate with close links to the train and a shopping mall . only   stop to hong kong island . the hotel rooms be clean and spacious . however , the staff be not as friendly as expect for a   star hotel

we definitely recommend this hotel to anyone . it 's conveniently locate with several mtr exits entrances very near the hotel include one just below the hotel . although i must say we rather use the mtr exits entrances locate just one minute walk from the hotel than go via the   level of escalator to reach the mtr exit entrance just below the hotel . have say that , when it rain or when the weather outside turn cold , it be indeed convenient to use the mtr exit entrance just below the hotel

it 's okay . expensive as every decent hotel in hong kong . it 's clean , the rooms be small , the location be convenient it 's inside a mall haha , and the staff be okay hk people be not that nice anyways  

fantastic hotel with great service , good size rooms not little boxes . duplex rooms have balcony look over nathan rd which be beautiful at night . friendly helpful staff and the breakfast be great . great rates by book at the hotel site over the net and we only book two week prior to arrival . we have stay there twice now and the quality of service and room have be fantastic each time . close to market , directly above an mtr train station which make travel around hong kong and also to shenzheng in china easy and cheap . tour office on reception floor of hotel if want where the staff be helpful . highly recommend it

this hotel be in a great location and it be spotlessly clean . the staff be lovely and we will certainly go back there

stay at the prudential hotel during end of oct .  

we have a lovely stay at the prudential . right from the moment we arrive the staff could n't have be more attentive . the entire hotel be spotless and we find it totally faultless . breakast be include in our tariff and be a great start to the day . we do n't have evening dinner in the hotel but eat twice at the restaurant in the basement just before enter the jordon mtr

we stay six night at the prudential and be quite happy with it . the location , in the middle of the hustle and bustle of nathan road be great and the hotel be directly connect via a shopping centre to jordan mtr station , no need to get out ! the rooms be decently size and with tasteful and modern decor . wide king size bed it could be longer flat screen tv

prudential hotel

the hotel be right above the jordan mtr station and right along nathan road  the central street of kowloon . the hotel be locate walk distance from the tsim sha tsui neighbourhood which will provide great access to amazing harbour view and tourist attractions . even the standard rooms be spacious , clean and very comfortable . the hallway be very bright and smell very nice . the only downside about this hotel be the lack of free internet access in the rooms and the hotel 's surcharge be not cheap . overall , great hotel at a great location for a great price

me and my wife love this hotel very much   friendly staff , very fast lift , modern equip room     strategically locate below be jordan mtr . definitely will check in this hotel next time

we have a duplex suiote which be v lovely being   storey . the bed and pillow be very comfortable and room facility be adequate

i enjoy my stay at the prudential hotel , particularly since i feel lucky to have receive a room that have the all glass bay window , so i could step into the bay window , and have sense of be suspend over nathan road , a very commercial street . while the room be rather small , the space be utilize with the greatest efficiency . the room be very clean , and it have even slipper available . for its price , the hotel definitely deliver more than expect

be upgrade to the penthouse level when we arrive late at night and rooms be fully occupy

a friend and i stay in an executive room for   night in mid august . the rooms be very nice , on the small side but still enough room . it have everything that we needed . the free wireless internet access leave a lot to be desired . on the   floor we only ever have a low strength connection that constantly drop out , this prove very annoy while try to book airline ticket

this hotel be in a fantastic location . jordan station be just a few floor down from the hotel . nathan road     bus on the doorstep     very easy walk distance to temple street night markets . rooms be clean     comfortable with plenty of room for a standard hotel room . as sightsee     shopping be our focus this hotel be ideal . air con which be a must be good     english channels on the tv enough to keep us happy . a very pleasant stay

i be here for a weekend right after the chinese new year . this be a great location . right on nathan road and all of the wonderful shopping . the room be a good size and clean . the bar lounge be very nice . the staff be very pleasant and very helpful . do i mention the location ? the jordan mtr be right there . if you stay in kowloon , this be the place to stay !

get the train at the airport and it drop you off under the hotel rooms be ok with aircon and a good bathroom ask for free internet when you check in bars and restaurant in the hotel be a bit pricey though,so    mcdonalds   away and a     shop   away for a beer in your room if you want chinese breakfast available at a shop behind the hotel   hkd,and pastry and coffee available over the road a reasonable curry can be find on nathan road   away with a couple of beer   to harbour at   to get a good spot for light show,and be there for   if your go to the peak to watch go   for nong ping and disney

book online and be not expect too much , but be really pleasantly surprised . really central position on nathan road  though not in most touristy section of it , which suit us perfectly . its in same building as the mtr , so make get about really easy . simple to find the hotel  easy from   bus from airport which be cheaper than airport express and nice service . hotel staff not really say much  but if you arent there to make friend with them ! then you will be fine  they be courteous but not get too involve unless u make an effort to greet them etc  this be fine by us ! ! room be a twin though we think we have ask for a double , but hotel be full , so couldnt change it . large room  comfy bed , and very clean . perfect base for explore an awesome city ! we not eat at hotel as there be cheaper more interesting place nearby

stay there twice , once at the end of jan , and come back on the feb . both time we be upgrade to a better room . staff be friendly , room be clean , service be fast , room be big for hk standard , bed be comfortable , king size bed be actually california king size so they be huge . location be the best , they be close to everything . highly recommend

let me first say that for those who be look for a hotel which be near an mtr , reasonable rates , great service , fantastic location , surround by food stalls ,   and shopping street , look no further

cleanliness   clean linen , clean

this hotel be much better than a few hotel i have stay in . clean and spacious at least to me . i have once stay in dorsett seaview which be a big mistake

when i first check in the executive room i be kind of please by the way the room look , but to my horror when i check the bed before i be go to sleep i find what look like pubic hair on it , and a dead bed bug ! ! ! first i call the reception to ask them to change my sheet but then i decide to ask them to change room . after i do so , the new bed have hair on it , so i ask to see a manager this time and i get upgrade to the mezzanine suite , not so much of an upgrade because it be a smoking room and the mezzanine be not very convenient i do not recommend for people with kid or old people , because you have to go up and down all the time since the bed be upstairs . also it 's very dangerous , you can hit your head very easily on those spiral stairs which happen to one of us

the hotel staff be very accommodate and helpful . every question and concern i have be attend to in a timely manner . the hotel be locate above the jordan mtr and just one stop away from tsim sha tsui . i would stay there again and recommend the hotel to another friend

the rooms be small , but very nice ! bathtub , nice desk , comfy bed and generally everything you need . complimentary internet in the rooms be also a nice touch

i have a great deal book it online . great location . the subway station be underneath the hotel . bus be across the street . distance from all shopping area

probably fair for the price as hong kong be very expensive to stay in . i do expect it to be a bit nicer . it be a place to sleep

nice hotel , great value for money , superb location , highly efficient and polite staff who respond to request within minutes with typical hong kong efficiency   so efficient make the german feel ashamed . very very clean bedding and toilets . run like an expensive swiss clock . make you feel superbly safe and happy . location superb , just ontop the centrally locate jordan subway station , so whole of hong kong and kowloon just minutes away , literally at your foot ! quick check in , quick check out . only grouse be   no free mineral water in rooms , and room based wireless broadband access suck , business office internet rate exorbitant . wireless broadband access in rooms can not support computer run vista

i have stay at the prudential hotel on several occasions over the past   years . one attraction for me be that it be locate right above the jordan mtr metro station . as i have own an octpus card hong kong 's excellent smart card system for some   years now , i live on the mtr to get around . it 's fast , efficient , and so easy to use

hotel be in a good location right beside the jordan subway stop a bus from the airport will also take you to the door basically . hotel be in nathan road and be only a few min walk from the harbour and some large malls . also to the star ferry . hotel be comfortable,clean and in good condition no noise in room even though locate on nathan road . the rooms be quite large and modern and there be a widescrean tv with some english channels . near a pacific coffee company cafe which be good for breakfast and free internet . to get to this and harbour head leave at nathan road when you leave the hotel . the staff seem friendly . there be also a pool on the roof but can be close a bit due to the many thunderstrom warning in the summer . overall good stay and great value . wold stay here again

my wife and i spend four night at the prudential on a stopover en route to bali . the hotel be easy to get to from the international airport either by airport express train and hotel shuttle or thye   bus service . situate directly above jordan mtr station it be ideally situate for visit all area of hong kong . it be also just twenty minutes walk down nathan road to the star ferry pier and two street away from temple street night market . the check in and check out be efficient , room well appoint and clean with a comfortable bed . bar a pleasant place to spend and hour or so after sightseein . breakfast superb with a choice of eastern and western fare and crispy bacon ! !

so far i have stay here   times and i do n't mind it

stay   night we be early so have to wait till room ready which be fine but then when get room be twin bed not double they say all double go but room be good clean comfy bed and pillow breackfast be

location be excellent . its just above the jordan mtr which be one stop away from the tsim shat sui area . however , after you exit from the mtr , you enter into the mall which be of about   floors . they only have escalator which be switch off in the night . so you have to climb up after the days hard work !



my husband and i spend one night here during a stopover on our journey back to the uk . the hotel be very easy and inexpensive to get to , we just take the   bus which have a stop directly in front of the hotel . upon checkin , we be tell the hotel be full and we be upgrade to a suite . due to the lack of time we could spend in hong kong , we do not stay in the hotel for a long period of time . we find the prudential hotel a perfect location for get around the city easily . it be locate above the jordan station which can connect you to hong kong island

as a college graduation present i take my   year old niece to hong kong . neither of us have previously be to hong kong . we love our stay at the pruton prudential hotel . the location to the jordan station mtr and the temple street market be fabulous . the room be spacious and spotless with excellent service by all staff members . we really enjoy the roof top pool . excellent reasonably price restaurant fill the neighborhood . unless you want to party late into the night in sodo , i highly recommend this hotel

this place have everything you 'd expect from a plush

i stay at the pudential over the may day long weekend . i book a superior deluxe room because it have free internet access , but because i have no laptop i have to pay hk     each time i use the internet in the business centre ! very poor pr , i felt . there be never anyone in the business centre , so what be the problem ? i have to use the cofee shop up the road

convenient

great location and great value hotel . will definitely stay there again

it be a first trip to hong kong and after much research we decide on the prudential for its location and price . it be close enough to walk to the harbour in   minutes or a bour a   minute subway ride which be a couple bucks . there be lots of restaurant within walk distance and the shopping neearby be endless

we stay here   years ago , book through asiarooms com and the rates be actually better than on the hotel website at the time !

thanks to the many previous review provide by others who stay at pruton prudential before , we decide to book it on booking com

choose this hotel base on tripadvisor recommendations . it be n't spectacular and it be n't horrible . it be pretty no frills     room look a little tired and could use some updating . be disappoint that internet be so costly . breakfast be a great deal   hk     for   people     about us     for   nothing to rave about , but nothing major to complain about . this place serve the purpose . if you 're not go to be in your hotel too much anyway   we be n't   it 's a fine choice . convenient to the metro and be easily accessible to   from the airport

this have be my best hotel experience ever . the rooms , the service , the spa , everything . the staff specially be very polite and couteous . its locate in the busiest street of hong kong,both for tourist and business . best thing be the price . for the price of a   hotel . way very cheap compare to other   and   star in the same location

we check in at   , very easy to check in go up to room which stank of smoke , when back down to check in desk , take a short while to get a non smoking room , which we finally do , what a big differnce . have some nice complimentry fruit in room on arrival room look out over nathan street

we have just spend a week in march at the prudential hotel and find everything to our liking . our deal have breakfast include which we find have a great selection , the omletes be real good . our room be very suitable and well serviced . the

we stay on   , just a floor below the roof top observation tower and swim pool . very quiet and room be clean and spacious . you can take airport express bus no .   direct to the hotel and the jordon mrt be just at basement of the hotel . walk distance to shopping area like park mall and tsimshatsui . many restaurant and eatery around cater local or international cuisine

very nice hotel with good location  rooms be clean and roomsize be good . jordan mtrstation be under the hotel breakfast be good and we get it   persons . in hotel be disney 's ticketshop where you can buy cheap ticket to disneyland near the hotel behind tak hing street be good restaurant call     king     it 's cheap and sweet and sour pork be there so good

my wife and i have just return from a five night stay at the prudential . the hotel be in a great location on nathan road . we get the   bus from the airport for     which drop off right outside the hotel . it be also directly above the jordan mtr station which make everywhere easily accesible . i book our stay thorugh lastminute com and get a really good rate . check in be easy , we arrive early and the desk staf where more than happy to let us check in early , they where very freindly and helpful and where very keen to make pleasant conversation . we have a kingsize room and the bed be enormous and be really soft and comfortable . if i have one complaint though the room be a little on the small side and there be n't much room for luggage . the bathroom be fine and the room be very clean and everything be in good order

decide to stay at hotel on friend 's recommendation     after read the reviews . indeed , it be a breeze take the   bus only   each from the airport to the hotel doorstep . room be a comfortable size     quiet . location be excellent . you can find many eatery offering wanton noodle , seafood , dim sum , dessert etc in the jordan area pilkem , park , woosung just opposite the hotel . lady market be within walk distance , one mtr station away . also , shopaholic should not miss checking out granville road nearby . jordan station just below hotel mean easy access to central     causeway bay on hong kong island

stay at the prudential for   night and be give the   floor . get a very good deal from booking com at hkd   per night . be give a queen sized bed , with bathtub . tea making facility and safe in room . the mtr be right beneath the hotel and be very accessible to many places . the jordan station could lead us to central , tsim sha tsui , etc    have a shopping mall right beneath . staff speak english and be helpful . there 's a travel agency which sell ocean park and disneyland tics . get a good deal for the disneyland , only hkd   per adult , instead of hkd   at disney

i stay here for a couple of nights . i find it good value . my room be a very good size and i be pleasantly surprise to find it have a bath as well as a shower . i have read revue that suggest it be noisy as it be above a shopping complex on nathan road , but my room face the back and be very quiet   so much so that i nearly overslept and miss breakfast one day ! breakfast be good and keep me go all day , but i do n't eat any other meal in the hotel as they look quite pricey . position be very good  on the airport bus route , by the mtr station and within walk distance of the harbour and star ferry , the night market , jade market , lady market etc . the pool be not open , but i be aware of that before book

i book it shortly in advance and get a very good rate for such a proper hotel . nice room interrior with window and all amenities . but we be not able to switch on the heat and tv on our own and be to lazy to ask for help . coffee shop around the area for breakfast . mtr station in the same building directly in the main street of kowloon with a lot of shopping and also local restaurants . good area to stay in and you can see many tourist on the street but still feel like in real hk

a centrally located hotel that sit directly above the jordan mtr station . the   bus from the hk international airport hk     drop you off right at the front door and check in be efficient and pleasant . the room be well appoint and the bed be very comfortable and not too firm , unlike the hard matresses that i have sleep on in mainland china . the buffet breakfast hk     with in room voucher be pretty average and you could do better elsewhere . leave luggage be efficiently manage and secure with bag rope together and store under netting . about   tv channels on offer mainly chinese langauage , but a couple of english and japanese stations as well as in house movies . complementary fruit and water   of each , tea and coffee facility and a stock minibar . my room   over look nathan rd . while my room be not that large nor tiny , it be clean , fresh even though it be a smoking room and be more than adequate . reasonably priced at about us    

the prudential hotel be ideally locate , it be situate amongst the hustle and bustle of kowloon 's shopping and eat district . be locate above the jordan mtr station make this hotel so convenient , which be especially important for us as we be travel with our   month old daughter . we stay for   days before head back home to nz

we just come back from   night stay at the prudential . we could n't fault this hotel . book it on booking com and pay on arrival

i use agoda . com to book this hotel it be about   usd plus tax . it be such a welcome change from the other hotel i be stay at . it be cleaner , roomier , have shopping arcade in the first floor . it be very close to harbour city and the harbour itself . it be also close to the train stations , jordan station . great ! would recommend

just return from a   night stay at the prudential hotel , hong kong . we book   executive rooms   travel through expedia include breakfast and free wifi access although we do n't use this as we do n't bring a laptop

i stay here for   night with a break in between . we have free airport shuttle voucher we use to transport us to the hotel . the hotel sit on jordan mtr . check in be quick and painless



stay an enjoyable   days whilst take my mother to visit relative in hk . she be   years old and the front desk promptly give us a room on the   floor nearest the lift . the duty manager also kindly extend our check out on last day to match our flight times so my mother can rest before go to airport . we also have good help from the concierge so i do n't really understand what the fuss be with other complaint about front desk on this website , perhaps our ability to speak cantonese make a difference ? the location of this hotel be excellent so even my   year old mother be use the hk mtr subway as this hotel be right above the jordan mtr station

book the hotel through travelocity com and get it at about hk     for superior room . the room be kinda small by other country standard but sizeable enough for   people and good enough by hk standard . if you have big luggage you may have a issue keep it

we stay here for   night end of june  

great location for travel , all atractions close or very easy ac buy rail . the hotel be nextdoor to rail , with very easy ac and shopping mall . we come by boat from macua and it be a short taxi ride from the termanal , but it be a easy train rid from airport . great little bakery across the road if you not like the hotel breaky and good value restarunts near buy . have the seafood night at hotel , good and plenty to select from . good clean stay would do it again

the hotel be easy to find and the staff be helpful . the room be really lovely and spacious , the best value for money we find in hong kong . it be also literally around the corner from the market at kowloon , we eat at the night market and shop for trinket every night after a hard day sightsee ! perfect

on kowloon side , very convenient to mtr at jordan station great for few night in

stay here three night on way back to england from australia . i think that this be very good value for money accommodation . i would stay here again and would recommend it

i stay there twice earlier this month and can only recommend the prudential hotel

i think this hotel be excellent for the price . my deluxe room be a good size , on the   floor overlook the nathan road . the bed be a huge queen size     very comfortable and you get complimentary bottled water , fruit     newspaper , downside be the price of drink in the bar     the restaurant . i find reception     concierge very helpful . hotel be in a great location   easy to get around . i would recommend get the airport express train     bus connection , it drip you off just round the corner from the hotel , but the pickup point be further away so i get a taxi to kowloon station for hk  

we stay   night here at the end of our honeymoon . we get an executive suite and it be a good size . i would n't call it big , but from what i have hear about hong kong hotel be tiny , i think it be probably quite big . great bathroom and shower , massive comfy bed . good high speed internet . friendly staff . great breakfast , although we only pay for one breakfast , and they would n't let us change the date of which we take it which be just nonsense . my husband get cross with them and they then let us , but it be so silly

i check in late because of a delay arrival . i be give a smoking room despite of my reservation for a non smoking one . i call the reception to sort this out and they come to my room with a spray deodorant to cover the stale of smoke . of course i do not accept ,and ask to be relocate to a different room . i be reluctantly give one which , however , have definitely not be dust for a few days

my wife and i stay a couple of night here on the way to vietnam . we opt for the best location that be within walk distance to the nathan st area and market , as oppose to something more luxurious . we do n't expect much , but be very pleasantly surprise when we arrived . the staff be friendly , courteous and very helpful . we have a lot of luggage since we be stay a month in a   world country . the bellhop do not complain once

we stay for four night in early november . we arrive as notify at midnight and our preference for a king bed room could n't be met . we be tell that the previous occupant have n't check out   hmm . however , they do offer to change our room the follow day . this seem like a pain so the next day we cancel the change and keep the twin bed room . base on a previous reviewer 's suggestion we ask for a high floor and be on the   , overlook a small side street and it be surprisingly quiet . the only disturbance we have be from other guest be inconsiderately noisy in the corridor late at night . the room be small and furnish a bit like a travellodge in the uk and the bathroom be very tiny indeed but the bed be very clean , the bed comfortable and the towel new although far too small ! daily room service be skimp a bit but acceptable for this grade of hotel

i agree with many previous reviews . the hotel be in a good location , right above the mtr stop . the rooms be kind of small and nothing to write home about . the surround area be not great either , but it be very close to the night market , the promenade and other tourist attractions . and the price be right at     usd per night . only complaint   hotel staff be rude to us on many occasions

great location , on top of mtr subway make it handy for get around and shopping , good size clean room for hk , helpful

we stay at the prudential hotel from october   october   the hotel be locate very centrally right above jordan mrt . this be a great location as it be only a few minutes away from temple street market and also central station

we stay at prudential hotel for   night in oct  

stay there end sept . for   nights . i have some misgiving after reading the review , but the location + price win , and i am happy to report that everything be ok , start with the bus straight from the airport , without have to change and wait for a free shuttle , and then , again , we just cross nathan rd . on the other side , and in a few minutes we have   back to the airport , the journey take about   minutes . you get to see the city and it be very handy and great ! night market     min . walk . lady ' market     min easy walk . star ferry   also between   min walk . at the beginning we use the mtr with the octopus , but we find the air condition freeze , and a lot of walk in     between the stations , so whenever possible   we walked . breakfast   sushi , dim sum , scramble eggs per request   worth the money , since , personally , i hate to wake up in the morning     search for a place for breakfast , and either they speak poor english , or i could n't understand what they be saying  

great location on tsim sha tsui . jordan mtr subway be directly below the hotel so access be perfect . cab be easy to get

i stay at the prudential hotel with my mum for   night in a twin deluxe room . i must say that the hotel be perfectly locate to close proximity to public transport with a bus stop right outside the hotel shopping plaza and the jordan mtr right underneath . as previously mention by other guest , the best way to access the mtr be via the street entry exit on nathan rd and not the prudential hotel entry exit as there be about   level of escalator to go up to reach the hotel entry

we stay at the hotel for seven night during the heat of september

first off , this would n't be a tripadvisor review of pruton prudential without a swipe at the direction to the lobby from the mtr station . yeah , they suck . once you know where the door that lead to the lobby be , it 's really , really obvious , but to be honest , if you have bag and you do n't want to mess around , just go outside at first and follow the building around the corner . besides , it 's probably the only time you 'll get to see the pretty street level entrance if you 're normally head out to nathan road or the mtr in the future

i stay with my family in prudential hotel for   night in september  

i be on a business trip and have to stop by in hk . base on review , i choose its hotel for its location . effectively , it be very well situed at the bottom of nathan road . so if you want to be in kowloon , it be an excellent place to stay

spend   night here on business and really enjoy it

indeed , like many other traveller whom have stay at prudential hotel , the hotel be situate at a very good spot just along nathan road . there be plenty of eatry and shop be just at the doorsteps . the room be minimal but spacious in hk standard . ca n't ask for more . it will definitely my choice of stay for my next trip

i have stay in the hotel from       and i would say what you see in the picture be what you get . clean room , bedsheets and etc . very helpful concierge as well

we stay at the prudential for   night on our way home after spending   week in europe   after read recommendation on this website   good value for money . great position   locate in nathan road over the jordan station . catch the   bus from the airport     each which take approximately   hour but see the sights on the way . bus stop outside the hotel . we arrive at   and be able to get into our room straight away   very pleasant reception staff . great service by all staff although the concierge be a little under pressure during the day and not as attentive to our enquiry



just come back today from a   night stay at prudential . it be exactly like what the earlier review said . lovely place

my three child and i stay at the prudential for   days . it be a great hotel for us . the jordan mtr under the hotel make get around so easy . the room be clean and comfy and the breakfast buffet set us up for a busy day of exploring . the staff be helpful and friendly . we have a view out to the building at the back but this be not a negative , we have sun in our rooms in the morning and enjoy watch the activity in the building nearby .i .e . a movie be film on a rooftop and the daredevil bamboo scaffolders at work . i would stay in this hotel again if i come to hong kong . p .s . there be a very cheap laundry at the far end of the backstreet , and the kamazaki bakery across the road in nathan rd be a great place for roll , cake and snack at very affordable family friendly prices .

i stay at prudential in june and july and on both occasions find the hotel to be clean , well service and the concierge stanley especially to be very courteous and helpful

we just return from our   night stay at the prudential hotel . it be our third time in hk and decide to try out this hotel for the first time and be not disappointed . prudential sit atop the jordan mtr make travel to tst , mongkok and hk island a breeze . smack in the heart of nathan road , you be not far from all the shopping action in tst or mongkok . there be many shop and eatery around the hotel if not opposite , especially the satay king at the basement of the hotel . it be just so convenient that we often drop by our hotel to drop off our shopping bag and carry on from there again

this hotel live up to my expectation as i be look for a hotel with clean and comfortable room beds , close proximity to the mtr and in a mid range price . all my expectation be satisfied . we book the earlybird package for a week , and find the room very clean and comfortable . although not much of a view and limited tv channels , the convenience to the jordan mtr , shop and reasonable price make up for it . the staff be very friendly and helpful

the pruton prudential hotel in hong kong offer excellent accommodation right in the middle of nathan road

we stay here in nov   in a

after reading some of the review about the prudential hotel here , i decide to book it . i be not disappointed . i stay at the hotel for   night in a deluxe room . the room be very spacious and have a very comfortable king size bed , an electric kettle , safe , flat screen tv and free internet . the bathroom be well size and have a decent hairdryer . the hotel also have a roof top swim pool and a small gym

we book a deluxe room and it 's a huge room for hk standard that could accomodate   adult and   child . there be no need to get an additional bed for the third adult as the sofa could be use as a bed . the room be large enough for me to do some simple cooking for my   toddler

this hotel be in a great location just a short walk to all the late night shopping and market ! ! ! !

the last two times that i stay in hong kong i stay at the prudential . the arrangement be make by my travel agent

we book a double room to use for a few hours before our flight home . the location of the hotel be ideal for be in the centre of things in hk . we find the room to be clean , tidy and comfortable . although we only use the room in the afternoon and early evening , there appear to be quite a bit of noise from the surround rooms and the corridor so not sure if this would disturb your sleep or not thorough the night . all in all , it seem like a fairly decent hotel , not sure if i 'd rate it as a   * though as a lot of the paintwork need a tidy up . overall though , it be perfectly fine for what we need and would seem like a good base for explore the site

all that need to be say about its location have already be mention , right on top of jordan mtr exit e to directly access the hotel and shopping centre

i think you can make an effort in find something more attractive

hey there , i have just come back after a three week stay here at the prudential

im from hk so this be my view on the hotel . i do n't believe i have very high standard and i know space be limited

the room be a reasonable size for hk with short king bed and small sofa . flat screen lcd tv but tv in hk be terrible if you do n't have satellite , which pruton do n't . small bathroom but everything be spotlessly clean so no complaints . water pressure be great and water be hot in a nanosecond ! complimentary bottled water   replace daily be nice touch as the tap water be ordinary

great hotel , clean , nice rooms . easy access , just go upstairs from the jordan mtr stop . easy access to lan kwai fong and shopping area

my family stay at the prudential hotel from   to       days   night

we arrive by airport express and then the free shuttle bus from kowloon station , which stop a block down the road i would have find it hard to find the hotel have a friend not meet us ! . it be a

love our time at the prudential . i go there with a friend and we be able to get very good rates with free late check out at   the hotel readily meet our request for a twin , no smoking room   we just email the hotel a week before our stay . the room be large by hk standard , with basic amenities . best of be the location   the hotel be so close to the mtr which be much appreciate after a long day of walk and shopping . also , jordan station be so near the other major stations , less the madden crowd of mongkok or tsimshatsui at weekend

the best thing i like about prudential hotel be its location . it sit conveniently above the jordan mtr station . i have be to hong kong twice and have previously stay at another hotel nathan hotel which be about   minutes walk away from the jordan mtr station . after a long day of tour and shopping , i can tell you that walk   minutes from the station to your hotel be pretty tire ! so , prudential 's location be really great

i get a pretty good deal from zuji .com . about us     a night

the hotel be in a great location , just above the mtr station . however , there be stairs before you find the hotel , so not convenient when you first arrive and do n't know where the hotel is . the room do not have a good view , but that 's okay since it be common in hk anyway . the room be nicely decorate and clean

i stay at the prudential hotel in late november   my book be make after reading the review on trip advisor . i find that the previous review be justify in recommend this hotel . my room be very modern and well decorate , one of the highlight be the large flat screen tv . the standard of the room far surpass the money that i paid . the room be very clean with the hotel service it daily . to get to the hotel you must change train twice , but once you get to the hotel the location be fantastic , with the hotel above jordan mtr . i do a lot of explore during my stay , and have no problem in find the hotel again . the hotel also supply a map of the area which be very beneficial

the location of the prudential can not be beat . i need to stay on the kowloon side but even if i do not i would recommend this hotel simply for the adjoin jordan mtr station . we buy an     octopus card    and zip around hong kong , to all the site and across the harbor in minutes . my daughter who life in ny marvel at how superior the subway system be compare to ny . but more about the hotel   the rooms be much larger than i expected . we be tell than we have be upgrade but after reading all the review on this hotel , we believe that they may tell everyone that and the     superior ' room we get be really no different than the     standard ' room booked . no matter , it 's a nice marketing strategy and the bottom line be a room that be large enough for two woman , all our luggage , multiple hair appliance and toiletry   you get the picture . the furnishing be basic and plain but comfortable and clean . about hair dryer   there be a build into the wall style dryer in the bathroom but we do n't know that and bring our own . i prefer mine anyway but even with an adaptor and transformer best deal be wal mart     the dryer do not blow at full power and weaken the longer you use it . the shower be fantastic   shower head have quite a bit of pressure and plenty of hot water . the bed be very comfy , especially the comforter and pillows . the room be quiet no noise between wall however the door on all rooms make a huge noise that ca n't be helped . if you want to sleep in , bring ear plugs . much have be write about the buffet breakfast so i will also weigh in    it be     hk about     us and have make to order omelet , hot cereal call porridge which be a thin oatmeal   great mix with the granola to thicken it up   toast , hot dish , fruit , yoghurt , etc . be it worth it ? yes if you want some american choice for your meal . you can also order off a menu which they wo n't offer unless you ask . i find out that if i only have oatmeal from the buffet , the a la carte menu price be     hk     us . some morning we go to the starbucks around the corner . once we try the close by australian dairy recommend in another review . for     hk you get a big plate of eggs scramble or fry and   thick piece of butter toast plus a broth soup with macaroni in it . very inexpensive and filling . you can also get pastry for breakfast for cheap in the subway   there 's lots of clean shop in the underground . for the price we pay     us this hotel ca n't be beat

i book a room with my wife and   years old girl between   nov . the room be ok in size for   asian with an extra bed add . clean and simple , this hotel be great when you have a kid with you as the mtr station jordan be just right below

i stay here for   night as part of a business trip , and would definitely recommend this hotel

i stay here for my   night after i could n't extend my stay at the eaton hotel see my review . i rent the superior room ~ c     and it be bigger than the room i have at the eaton hotel . the bed be softer and the tv be more modern flatscreen . there be a pretty small security safe but it require a key , which you need to get from the front desk , although , i be n't inform of this when i check in   not sure why i be n't tell in advance as i am sure most people generally use the safe to put their valuable for safe keeping . the key to the room remind me of the key you use to enter the bathroom at a gas station   it 's an actually metal key with a   inch somewhat cumbersome     keychain    which be also use to power on the room   it 's definitely too big to put in my wallet . wi fi internet access be available from the room for a fee . all in , i be happy with the place

after spending hours search for hotel on this site and after good feedback from others decide to book direct with the hotel . others have advise that interconnect rooms be available here and as we be a family of   this be very important to us also this site recommend ask for a room overlook nathan road which we do and be not disappointed . the hotel be geat the rooms of a decent size but the fact that the hotel be on top on the mtr jordan station and a stone throw from the temple street market make it a fantastic choice for us . my only gripe would be that breakfast be not include and therefore pretty expensive but we only eat there once prefer to eat at the local mc cafe or starbucks or pick up food en route to attraction etc . we all love hk the kid think be amazing and disneyland be very quiet in comparison to the usa but we think the ocean park theme park even better than disney . also visit china for the day , think we could go it alone but be very difficult get the visa if you be not part of an organise trip so would not advise to go it alone , its also very expensive to get a visa on your own . others in our party opt for the serous shopping experience but we decide in the cultural experience and only have   hour shopping which be enough as there be so much stuff to buy you could get seriosly carry away    many do !

clean comfortable hotel , nathan street shop and night market walk distance , the buffet breakfast be good value for money and fill us up till lunch , do wonder about carrot be on the menu ! the underground rail be directly under the hotel and be easy to use , we buy octopus card , staff speak english very well and be friendly , we would go back to this hotel again and would recommend it to friend and family think of a holiday in hong kong hotel have all basic need

my third visit to hk , and we decide to try out this hotel

for the price , you ca n't beat the location of prudential . it sit on top of the jordan mtr stop , and there be bus stop right outside the hotel . there be plenty to do within walk distance , include the harbor , which , if you choose , you can get to during a nice walk through kowloon park

perfect ! perfect ! perfect ! the prudential be locate in the perfect spot for get around hong kong . it be a very short walk to the temple st night market , a pleasant walk to the harbour and surround , with plenty of shop to distract you on the way ! there be plenty of local restaurant to choose from we eat where the local eat , and never get sick ! . and if you do n't like walk jordan mtr station be right below you and several bus stop right in front of the hotel   we use both mode of transport to get around there be   of us so we do n't bother with a taxi and my teenage kid be really impress with the public transport system . we purchase the octopus card   what a brilliant idea , wish we have it here in australia !   and go about our merry way . we visit disneyland , hong kong island , ocean park , stanely market and more , all use public transport . do n't waste your money on organize tours for these   it be so easy to get around ! we find the hotel itself very very comfortable . we be unable to get connect rooms , but we do get adjoin rooms and this work just as well as we do n't actually spend much time in them ! the rooms be really quite spacious i have stay at the park hotel before and the prudential be much much better ! very , very clean and comfortable . the hotel staff be polite , attentive and very helpful . overall i would highly recommend this hotel , most especially if you have never be to hong kong before . the distinctive facade and observation tower on the roof make it easy to spot from the bus , so we know when to get off ! love it

love the general location of the hotel which be central to shop , food store and night market in the jordan area . in fact it be build right over the jordan mtr underground station . venture into side lane , you 'll experience the local atmosphere and culture . yet it be within walk distance to the glitzy tsim sha tsui commercial precinct , the promenade and the star ferry pier

we book two rooms for   adult and   children . each room be set up with two twin bed each and when we questionned where the extra bed be , we be tell that there be an extra charge ! the rooms be very small . the location be decent . probably would not choose to stay here again

my daughter and i spend a week in this hotel in june . the location be excellent and be able to access the mtr without go outside the jordan station be under the hotel be brilliant

stay here come and go from mainland china     macau in   and in   the hotel be a short taxi ride from the airport express train station . also , reasonably close to the ferry terminal to macau or other city up the pearl river delta . the hotel lobby be locate up   escalator level from the street . hotel staff will collect your bag at curbside and bring them up for you . the bellhop station be easily found . the onsite restaurant have a good buffet at a reasonable price . it 's on nathan rd . , but street noise be not a problem . it 's very close to the jordan subway station . room size be about average . the bed be reasonably comfortable . there be a charge for internet service . the internet time run continuously from when it be purchase     so not so good for just a few minutes online . there be free wifi at   mcdonalds restaurant and other location , w in a   to   block radius . all the staff be friendly and helpful w in reasonable expectations . english lang proficiency be good . all the rooms i use be in a well maintain condition

we choose the prudential because we want to be close to the temple st markets . we be a family of   and have interconnect rooms . the location be fantastic , at first i want to be on the water front but could n't book anything there that be in our budget . i be so glad i do n't because when i walk down there , the atmosphere isnt nearly as good as be back where all the action and shop and market are   you also have the subway directly underneath the hotel so its off the train and up to your room , perfect . the hotel restaurant be excellent , best seafood buffet i have have and the service be also very good . i would recommend this to anyone

good hotel , great location for business trip , high speed wireless be a big help . rooms be clean and nicely size for hong kong matchbox standard

what this hotel lack with the room decor , it make up with the location . the rooms be a little tired , but in hong kong you should not be spending much time in your rooms anyways . the loaction be great , just above the jordon subway station . you be   subway stop in one direction to the lady market and   stop in the opposite direction you be at hong kong central . the temple night market be a few easy block walk and it take about   min to walk to the hong kong harbour

the

i choose this hotel base on the review below and have a great stay over chinese new year . the room be unusual in that it be decorate like it be   , however the furniture , bedlinen , towel and carpet be spotlessly clean

the prudential hotel be locate close to mtr jordan station in the heart of tsim sha tsui . nightmarket and market of mongkok be easy to reach by foot

i have just return from an   night stay at this hotel over the new year period . i book this hotel after read numerous review on this website mainly due to its location but also because it offer a competitive price at an expensive time of year

we arrive at the prudential early morning around   am . we not expect to be able to check in as it be so early , the staff be most helpful and offer us our room straight away even though check in be not normally till   be

we go back to hong kong every year to visit family and have stay in prudential in   we be happy with it last year , so decide to stay there again this year . it have a great location with many restaurant and shop nearby and reasonable priced . however , the hotel seem to have deteriorate since   we stay   night at the end of nov .   we book a moderate price non smoking room through expedia average us     plus tax . we be upgrade to floor   due to full occupancy . the room be at the end of the hall room   and immedialy upon opening the door , the room smell of carpet cleaning detergent or something it be really strong . i have to turn the air conditioner to high to try to remove the smell , only to a certain degree . we be tired from the long flight and it be late , so we do n't bother to request for a room change . eventually , we get use to the smell . the room be pretty big by hk standard with a hard bed , but the bathroom be very small and not that clean , and the tub do n't drain water fast enough . the toilet paper be especially rough and cheap . overall , we be disappoint with this hotel and will not stay here again next year . for the price we pay , we have other choice

a short trip to hong kong , we only stay   nights . book the prudential hotel on expedia for     since none of the usual preferred hotel like ramada hk seem to have anything available . there must have be something go on in the city since most   star hotel be still available and   star property be     and up

a reasonably price hotel centrally locate on nathan road over the jordan mtr underground station . the star feyy , main shopping mall of ocean terminal and langham place as well as the restaurant on knutsford steps all within   min walk distance

after reading all the negative feedback , i really do n't pin too much hope on this hotel    but my four night stay be excellent ! !

i stay here for   night and really can ` t see what everyone be make such a fuss about . our only problem be find it ! the prudential be slap bang in the middle of nathan rd   a perfect location for a hong kong shopping veteran , with temple st   min walk to the right and the glorious haven of kowloon park   min to the left . the entrance wasn ` t very well sign and although we have a pretty good idea where it be , we wander aomlessly round the   floor of the shopping centre for   min before see an entrance to get up to the   floor . there be a     proper    entrance just round to the leave hand side of the building . i think that access for the disabled would prove a problem from the ground level as i see no lift or ramps,but then unfortunately hong kong isn ` t particularly disabled friendly anywhere you go

a great location in hong kong

the best thing about the hotel be its location as there be a shopping centre downstairs and be surround by all the facility of nathan road

my partner and i stay at the prudential for   night in april and be expect the worst as have read the review on this site . but when arrive we be meet with a friendly smiley face from the concierge team who take our bag and tell us where to check in

not impressed . hotel be difficult to find , but in a convenient spot near the temple street night market   i recommend go , and have dinner on the street at a seafood restaurant . rooms be small and damp , bathroom floor have scum in the corner , the shower curtain be one of those you just avoid touching . no view from the room and the pool be close for the 'season ' although we be there during spring break and it be about   although the maid could n't find time to clean the dirty floor , she complain about makeup on a washcloth and leave a note for us to call management . after i throw it in the sink and swish it around a few times , the makeup come out    nothing that impossible with some bleach and a wash machine    i call mgmt and have them clean the floors . oh , and the toilet do n't flush until you pump the handle about   times

our family have just return from hong kong where we stay at the prudential . the location be excellent . it 's right on nathan road and within walk distance to the star ferry , subway and of course , the temple street market . the rooms be small but clean . we have adjoin rooms which be an excellent feature for our teenage boys . on our   day at the hotel , the electricity be shut off due to yearly maintenance . we barely have time to finish our breakfast and the lift be shut down . our choice be to climb up   floor to our hotel room or line up for the service elevator . my husband complain and a fruit basket and   dinner coupon be wait in our rooms when we return after a day of sightseeing . the pool be close for the winter although we be there in mid march . the dinner buffet be excellent but the breakfast buffet be average . the hotel staff be fairly helpful and friendly . overall , it 's a good budget hotel

i have stay in quite a few different hotel in kowloon before and by far this be the worst hotel ever

i stay in the prudential hotel during my last week of visit in hong kong . the staff be very friendly and helpful , and they offer shuttle bus service to airport which i use on the day i leave hk . once i arrive to the airport , i realize i have leave my wallet in the hotel room , so i call the hotel and be assist by the hotel 's manager immediately . within   minutes , the shuttle bus driver return to the airport with my wallet   with all its contents   excellent efficiency . i 'd recommend this hotel to anyone who 's visit hk , comfortable rooms , friendly staff , prompt service , not expensive , what else could i ask for

i stay at the hotel in march and be very impressed . the room and the bathroom be large , clean and comfy . compare to other hotel ive stay in this be by far the best . the view from our room be of a back street but we be to busy explore hk to be worry about that . it be in an ideal location on nathan road above the jordon subway which be great . the lobby be very busy at times and be very smokey but it not bother us . when we arrive our case be take straight up to the rooms and the concierge and the reception staff could not do enough for us . we do not use the gym and the pool be closed . all in all for the price we pay     per night for   people it be great value for money and i would certainly recommend it

