we use this hotel for two night prior to the return flight out of hong kong . the hotel offer us an excellent deal and we be very please with it 's cleanliness and staff . we enjoy our stay and will recommend this hotel to our family and friend

the hotel have a good location with the tram stop in front of the hotel . th rooms be quite spacious and clean

as a person who travel , there be a number of things one can use to assess a hotel or destination in general . for the ramada hk , it 's pretty straightforward

i be live in hk ramada hotel for leisure . actually , this be my third time to live in due to its nice location access to central hk and spacious room . however , i be very disappoint about front desk service this

recently stay here with extend family     prove excellent value for the price . find a deal on travelsupermarket for Â £   a night . rooms spacious     clean . however , be not on the 'right ' side of hong kong . say that , it be excellent value and be easy enough to get around tram right outside staff friendly     helpful and reply promptly to various e mail enquiry

stay at the hotel from august   ,   have a non smoking make sure you ask for it deluxe room on the   floor . the room have two singles and an extra bed be provided . the extra bed be not very comfortable as you could really feel the frame where the bed folded . bathroom be quite large and come with shower stall , no tub , which be fine . there be plenty of room for all our luggage in this room . cost be definitely good value at roughly hkd    

just return from our trip to hong kong . we stay in this hotel from the   august to   august . we get upgrade from standard to a junior suite which be great . everything about this hotel be great except when we check out on the   august to go to macau the staff at the concierge refuse to take us   of us to the hk macau ferry terminal which be only   from the hotel reason because we have luggage and there be no room on their shuttle bus for luggages . thats what they say and ask us to take a taxi so while wait for our taxi outside their shuttle bus area we see their staff help other hotel guest assume they be american with their luggage much much bigger than ours to board the shuttle bus to the ferry terminal . when we ask one of the staff if we could board the bus they ask how many people and luggage and finally they allow us to board the bus . i think the hotel practise discrimination against asian people . i think the management should look into this matter seriously because we pay the same amount as other guest do despite have this bad experience i would recommend others to stay here

i be a local and as my house be under renovation , i have to find a temporary shelter . this be the best deal i get after thorough research   hk     for a month i .e . hk     per night without breakfast . if you be a traveller for a night , it only cost hk     as advertise at their entrance . already stay for   days by now , i find this hotel very good and get all i want

i book the standard room for   people thru operator in internet and suddenly get upraded to junior suite when i pay it in the web . only   euro   !

only   min away from city center by tram , which stop in front of hotel . our room have be upgrade from deluxe to suite for free . room be big enough for a couple and it be clean . clean towel every day but no carpet vacuum , so if you drop something make sure you can easily find it even after   night . besides if you go to visit hong kong ask yourself how much time will you spend in the hotel ? so if you just sleep there i truly recommend this hotel . breakfast buffet be very nice and tasty . service staff very nice and helpful

one of the cheapest ramadas i have be to . lovely rooms but the wc be claustrophobic . the hotel be locate on a busy commercial street . lots of local colour , shop sell salted sun dry sea food , small food stalls , noisy crowds . far from the metro train station

i stay at this hotel for four night and have a nice stay . although the room be not very large , it be large enough for two of us , the location be convenient , tram stop right in front of the hotel , which run till late night , and airport bus stop be just aroud the corner , the cheapest way to the airport and take only   minutes when i travel

i have book a standard room but get an en suite room with a live room which be quite large . rooms be well furnish and bed be king size . you have a mini bar and even a safe . the bathroom be very clean . they give you slipper , toothbrush and all the classic stuff . towel be white and soft . i didn    t manage to get the massage fonction of the shower though , and sometimes the water would n't get hot

i spend there   nights . the rooms be very nice and large ,   star equal . the look out you should rather avoid because the street be very dirty . the hotel be place in hong kong west part , what be not in very center however the hk trafic system be great and you can easily reach the central or admiraliti by tram , which be two hk   for one travel

be a great hotel for the price . very clean spacious rooms , and room service be great ! the general service be very courteous and efficient . have stay here twice now , and plan to stay again during my next trip . its also very convienently locate

cramp rooms , have to wait long for the lift to arrive  if you be a non smoker make sure u state your preferance in advance

very good hotel in heart of the city ! ! my workplace be just   min drive from this hotel so no problem what so ever in terms of location ! ! ! room be superb ! ! ! very clean  toilets again very clean  no problem what so ever   staff be very friendly and know english and service be again very good .

use a web site we obtain a room here for half the price aust     that we pay for west hotel in kowloon for an inferior room . we be very please with the quality of the hotel and room and free transfer to the closest mtr station and airport bus terminal be provided . however we be also delight that the tram stop right outside the hotel , provide quick access to all of hong kong along the main east west street for only   hkd   hkd for senior ! ! . we be on floor   which give an interrupt view over the harbour â € ¦ higher would be better . however it be a big clean room with a good shower room

this be last of the   hotel we stay in during our recent   night trip to hong kong . i think it be really good value for money , especially in comparision to the courtyard marriott just   yard away

choose this hotel because the room size be a bit bigger than usual and it be fairly cheap . however , the room be so gloomy and uninviting , we do not want to spend any time there . you could not even tell what the weather be like outside and the room be so dark

i book a room std on twin occupancy for   nights . my book be confirm and i also call up the hotel to follow up and reconfirm the booking . when i reach the hotel i be tell that they have issue the room allocate to us to a grolup which have checked in a day before . we be about to cancel our book when the hotel decide to upgrade us to a suite on the top floor of the building . the room be one of the largest that i have ever see and be a complete appartmrnt by itself . though we be just give a room upgrade not all facility come to us free but surely the stay become a memorable one

we stay in a suite so the room be large and have seperate live room and bedroom areas . its a little outdated . we do get the buffet breakfast which be pretty good . the area be pretty good if you like local and want abit more of an authentic experince . we often eat from local restaurant and buy 'sourvenirs ' from local shop which not have the tourist price tag . there be taxi 's everywhere and a tram stop out the front which will take you to all the tourist spots . we walk around alot and have a great time checking it all out

we book this hotel because it provide cheap accommodation for three adult travel together   a third bed be squeeze between twins , leave just enough room to cope for   nights . as seem to be the case with the older hk hotel the mattress be     firm    but not so that we do not sleep well in our quiet room . the staff be just ok   they seem to resent us take advantage of the discount for breakfast which you have to ask for at the desk       be fairly good value . for some reason it be slightly more expensive on sunday . there be no lounge . with regard to location it be much better than you might think look at the map   the tram and bus stop right outside the hotel and there be a free shuttle to the nearby ferry terminal . there be also a bus stop for the airport   the single decker we catch cost     each

this be an average hotel and a bit date in the decor . the staff be very friendly and helpful , but the rooms be only average and we have problem with the shower , in that it take age for hot water to come through it always do eventually though . also , we have request a non smoking room , but it be clear that the room we be in have be a smoking room sometime in the recent past . the main great thing about this hotel be the location for the price . there be a tram stop literally outside the door of the hotel and the tram into central , ifc , lang kwai fong , etc only take   minutes and costs hk     give that the hotel be significantly cheaper than other more central option , this make it excellent value for money

this hotel be locate in sheung wan , about   minutes bus tram to central . it 's locate on the hk island side . because of its location , it be much cheaper than many other hotels . there be a tram stop in front of the hotel

conveniently locate in the western district of hong kong , the island length tram service be just outside the door , as be the airport express bus service a   minute ride from the airport . tram connects you to mtr , a ten minute ride away . bargain rate of     hkd per week be quite reasonable give the hotel 's moderness , location and amenities

stay at the ramada hotel for   night with my fianc Ã © in the beginning of january , and will not be return

recently stay at the ramada for   nights . book it for Â £   a night . we take the   bus from the airport  the bus stop literally metre from the hotel , it be so easy and costs hk     approx Â £  

we stay in this hotel last weekend for   nites . book through wotif com and get one of the best deal in town   the check in be smooth and they allow us an early check in . i have stay in other hk hotel before and know the room of a standard room in hk be really really small . we be pleasantly delight when they upgrade us to a suite room . the suite room here be not too big but it be reasonably spacious and the view be great . we can see the harbour from our room

the family go to hk to spend xmas     celebrate the birthday of our daughters . we stay in this hotel through direct transactions . i email the manager     she constantly reply to my queries . the price they offer me since it be a week long package be very reasonable . we checked in late     there be no problem at all the staff be very friendly     communicates well . the location be fine , away from the busy street of hk , accessible to where you want to go . tram station be just infront of this hotel , bus     taxis be everywhere . mtr central station can be access by a tram within   from the hotel . airport express be just   away . convenient store     restaurant be locate everywhere . there be one problem with communication in this area . most of the folks here be not english speaking . anyway , we survive with sign language   the hotel look a   star hotel for me . you will see few staff in the lobby but they be so helpful esp with directions . the floor lobby be very quite . the size of the room standard be just enough for us . we book   standard rooms . we do n't meet any problem at all . water be fine , tv have too many channels to watch though the unit seem an old model but it 's not a big deal . the view from our room be not that great but not bad at all . it be a partial view of the harbour due to the tall building obstruct the view . housekeep be great   everytime we leave our room , it be really a mess . but the housekeeper maintain the rooms clean     organize all the time . we checked out early in the morning     it go so smooth . overall , i would definitely stay in this hotel again . the review i have read before i decide to stay in this hotel help me a lot  though some comment would make you really think twice but as they say if you do n't know how to appreciate things , you will never be satisfy at all

stay here on jan     for business stay here a few times before and find the hotel to be an above average property . when you consider that hotel in hk can easily go for     to     a night , this ramada be an excellent value

book on the basis of the good review here but be a little disappointed . while it 's true that there be easy access to central by the tram and cab be cheap enough to use them every day , psychologically this hotel feel quite remove from the rest of the city . i never want to go back in the middle of the day or even before dinner to drop things off , etc . might be ok if you be on a family trip or with a tour group , but if you be a solo traveler i 'd probably stay elsewhere . the neighborhood be quite interesting to explore , but you do n't need to stay there

stay   night together with my young family . great location , easy to reach by tram , tram stop be right outside the hotel 's main entrance

on the basis of other review i be a little concern about what i would find   however i be pleasantly surprised . stay   night over xmas ny . it be easy to find     min on the tram from the airport express station       easy check in at   have a harbour room suite   nice view and thankfully the marriott over the road do n't block the view too much   although they need to tell their customer people from this hotel can see straight in their windows ! !

get a great rate from rates to go , upgrade to suite although it be two single bed . the view be n't special but very hong kong

not bad actually , good price for a satisfying location     hotel facility

i stay at this hotel for two night in early december on my transit from nz to the middle east . i book my room by email its reservation dept , response be prompt and they indicate everything rates , freebie , direction to hotel , etc clearly

my partner and i stay here when we spend a week in hong kong in april before go to thailand . we choose the hotel because it look good value for money . our view be we not want to pay a lot for a hotel that we do not intend to do more than sleep in . that be who this hotel be good for , not expect full luxury . the hotel be away for the very touristy area of hong kong , it be within easy walk distance of the harbour and other attraction as most things be in hong kong . the hotel itself be nice , the lobby be very clean and be always busy , the staff be helpful . the room be very clean with good air con , the bed be large and firm . i only have one complaint about the hotel and that be its location , it be very close to the fish pack district . this isnt a problem in the hotel itself but if you wish to walk anywhere rather than get a taxi it can get quite smelly especially in the hot weather . apart from one very noisy night due to business man in the next room , which i complain about and the staff sort out , a nice hotel and we would probably use it again if we be on a budget just pass through hong kong

just complete a   week stay at this hotel nov dec

we check in late and check out late without a problem . you can take a tram to the hotel from the jetfoil station . we pay for the room in a website but still the young hotel staff i think they 're student upgrade our room to a bigger room with   view of hk . it be a nice surprise . we enjoy our stay and my boyfriend have a good night 's rest before he take his nclex exam

from the moment that i contact the hotel until check out the service be excellent

firstly , please ignore any negativity vent towards this hotel by disgruntled , and frankly , delusional travellers    this place be first class ! !

i be a native hong konger . this hotel be in kennedy town where i be born . so i think it would be nice to stay there for old time sake . turn out the room be nice and clean . it be the only good thing about this hotel . i get a good rate for this hotel back in   , that 's why it be n't so bad . if you be pay   price , i would not stay there at all . why

the price of the rooms and suite be perfect   cheap price .

start with a late check in , which go about seamlessly , smooth and quick . a minor hick up , we request a double bed get twin well , i guess some miscommunication . this be sort out with an upgrade to suite . about the efficient bit well we have stock some water and milk and some breakfast bit in our mini bar , upon upgrade we forgot to remove them and realize that we have forget that in the previous room well worry not , they be already there in our suite 's mini bar  

stay here for   days . the good thing be the room be clean and nice . cant say as much for the other parts of the hotel or the location itself . we pay for a harbour view suite but could not see anything , i not even remember a window be there . the tariff be quite high , more than double of what we pay in malaysia and it not even include free breakfast . would probably not stay there again

hong kong be tough for hotel , and if you be catch out , as i be on this fiday evening , then you be stick with place that have significant problem , like this one . there be two key problem with this hotel , the first one   location   i do n't care about and reasonable due diligence will tip off the prospective guest . it 's in western district , about   minutes from where you would probably want to be , but that 's ok . the second one , however   lack of natural light windows in the room   be shameful and quite a nasty shock to me when i book in . i can only assume that the hotel have give up on try to nurture guest loyalty , and be just milk it for what it 's worth through first timer who naturally assume that the hotel room will have a window . to hotel management   guy , it 's perfectly acceptable to sell a box without a window to your pay guest , but completely unacceptable to neglect to let people know about this fact when they book the room on wotif or whatever book site they use . shame on you . i be in the middle of a somewhat stressful project when i camp here for a night and i need a windowless room like a hole in the head . thanks a lot guys . i be so disgust that i be now go to go out of my way to turn people away from your hotel and will waste plenty of management time with complaint to ramada regional management . have you no sense of decency ? ! ? ! ? i really hope your hotel go down the tube and rest assure i will do what i can to help it on its way

the rooms at this hotel be quite nice , consider the number of cheap deal available . however , the bed be rock hard . like sleeping on concrete . and the shower be a bit of a challenge , its quite small . but the room be well furnish , and i would consider stay here again     although the prospect of sleeping on that bed another night might turn me off ! only a short tramride to central , with a tram stop right out front of the hotel . reasonable location . if they could only organise a comfortable bed     the staff be friendly and helpful , and speak english . if you like a firm bed , consider this property  

i contact the hotel directly to enquire on the rates and be surprise that the rates be slightly lower than that write on their site . i stay there for   night and must say that their rooms be much larger than the average hotel in hong kong . there be a bigger than average mini bar area , wardrobe , tv ,   night stand and a coffee table in the room

this hotel be soo bad i would never recommend it to anyone , the rooms be so small no room for bag , bed hard and bathroom disgust

this be our   stay at the ramada and we again be n't disappointed . while there be small problem , like them not tell us the shuttle to the city center be cancel even though we have book seats on it , and our room which light would sporadically turn on or off for now reason no joke , we be convince the room be haunt , the room be clean , nicely furnish , and relatively quiet . we would stay there again if back in hong kong

this be a really good find . quite a gem owe to the location . find awesome package on rates to go website . upon check in we my husband and i be immediately upgrade to a delux room . the rooms be spotless ! ! we esspecially enjoy the good shower it provided . the only downside be the hard bed very hard bed and that the hotel be quite a distance from the mtr and major tourist locations . one can however use the bus or taxi to get around

this be a lovely hotel   i have stay here a few times and it 's always be great . the rooms be really big and the last one i be in on the fifth floor be very luxurious and elegant

this hotel be a pleasant surprise , smart and comfortable rooms with separate lounge area , and view of the water between the opposite buildings as this be a holiday trip the location be interesting and much more of a 'chinese ' experience than stay in more touristy area would have been . really enjoy ride on the tram which stop right outside the door every few minutes , be very cheap and could not have be easier to get around on . the restaurant and bar be okay , but this be hong kong , who want to spend every evening in their hotel

the location be a bit far off the city center and mtr station , eventhough it be still on the renowned des voeux road . however , we do n't find it difficult at all to hail a cab . ifc mall be about   minutes ride . the head concierge gladly help us to find the exact location of place we want to go to , even make phone call to find out opening hours etc then write down the address in chinese for the taxi driver . there be couple convinience store and a guardian drugstore on the same block , but i highly recommend buy fresh fruits drinksat the small stall next door . from the lobby turn to the leave . very reasonably price and the old man be very kind to us eventhough it be freeze cold at night . overall it be a good stay , have a good time in hong kong . pleasant weather at daytime and lots of sales too

we stay four days here facilities be non existant . breakfast and dine be very poor . room be basic , bed be like a board . shower be broken . no heat although after many complaint a small heater be provide but be remove after   hr ? ! mtv bar be very bare with only enough room for approx   people . when you pay for the drink the barmaid have to take the money down   flight in the lift to the cashier at reception who would then send back any change , very bizzare ! ! view from room be out over local slums . hotel a good ten minute tram ride from shop or mtr . would not recommend this hotel if it be the last one in hong kong ! ! official rating   star but we,ve stay in   star in hong kong that be much , much nicer than this

i â € ™ have stay at this hotel a few times . the location be a little off the beaten path , however the tram ride to central happy valley causeway bay be a nice way to start the day

definitely good value if you 're look to stay on the hong kong island side . i have stay here more than   times in the last   month , and have almost always be upgrade to a suite

my parent be originally from hong kong so this trip for me be not the typical vacation i spend most summer as a child stay with my uncle in hong kong and be quite familiar with the city

if you be a very picky person who insist on five star comforts and treatment then go stay at a   star hotel because this be not for you . but if you want a very good value hotel on hong kong island , that be comfortable and well position then this be the place for you . it be definitely   or   star . it be about a   minute trip by tram into central hk or faster by taxi . there be not much to see around the area where it be position but the fact that it be cheap by hk standard and locate on the island make this hotel one of the best value in asia . it be true the bed be firm , but this wouldnt bother anyone who plan to stay there less than a week or two . highly recommend   i always get free upgrade when i go

be a great place to stay . check out other traveller review , and find that although the ramada be quite a way out of the cbd it be an excellent loaction for us       ride on the tram to the front of the hotel from the hk train station . we stay   night and be upgrade to a suite , which have excellent views . breakfast be n't very exciting , but we do n't go hungry . a great choice for us

we book this hotel month ago for a three night stay on our way home from new zealand . as we would be arrive at   i call the hotel and ask if it would be possible to book a day room so we could check in straight away , they inform me that they not offer day rooms but suggest that i book for the night before that way my room would be ready on arrival . i do this and get email confirmation . at this time i also check that they could accomodate the   of us   adult       child in the room as their website allow me to book this but want to double check , they state no problem with that

my wife and i stay here for   nights . we choose this hotel as it have good review and price be quite reasonable . first impression on arrival be good . room checkin be prompt and no issues . we book a standard room and they meet our request too . we get a room on a high floor , non smoking room and double bed . bathroom be tidy and clean have a show cubicle , large mirror and a chair to sit . there be a lounge area within the room with a coache and tv . all rooms have safes . the room be on the   floor and we have a good view of the harbour . not eat at the hotel as the review be not good , however there plenty of eat place just outside of the hotel . the bed be rock hard , we know this as some reviewer write this . in the evening it can get a litte cold , however there be no heat facility in the room so we get some extra bed from house keeping . the hotel be about   min from downtown hong kong by tram . nearest underground station be sheung wan   min walk . hong kong station be similar distance . there be a shuttle service which the hotel provide to pickup and drop off between the hotel and hong kong station       pm mon sat . . the only downside be the rooms look a little old , could do with some modern deco

great hotel , staff be very friendly , we be upgrade to a suite . bathroom be large , room very clean , bed hard but comfortable . overall a very pleasant stay . would certainly recommend .   min on tram to central or a very cheap cab ride almost anywhere

we be book in to stay   night at the ramada hk , upon check in we find the desk staff rude and indifferent , they do n't welcome us or ask how we be etc , we actually have to wait a few minutes at the desk to check in as   of the staff we 're just stand there talk amongst themselves . when we do finally get serve they ask us for our passport and credit card , take an imprint of the card and thats it , no thank you , no enjoy your stay nothing

nice size room for hong kong,sitting room be good idea,shower recess be different but have no problem very large people may have trouble  room be clean to a good

the hotel staff be ok , there be no language problem as the staff speak and understand english . the room be small and smell of smoke , we have request a non smoking room , have to wait til the follow day to be moved . bathroom be basic nothing special but clean . bed be seriously hard , make it difficult to get a good night sleep . go into chinese restaurant , find staff rude and keep us wait , after wait to order we be restrict to one page of menu , so left . we then go to the lower english style restaurant , which be basic cafe style food but edible . place mile from city center , not a lot to see in hk , shopping be ok if you be a size   only nice place be stanley and the peak . would not go back unless someone give me a free ticket . better hotel and night life in kowloon

this hotel be just what you need . clean , safe , great price and ideal location . service be timely and professional . the concierge

have read a lot of the review i go ahead and make my booking . when we turn up the reception staff be very friendly and polite . however have go to our room our cot be not ready and a lady turn up an hour later with a cot but do not know how to put it together so my husband and i have a go at assemble it . eventually a manager be call to help assemble the cot . the curtain be break so we could not open them . the bathroom be extremely dirty , there be black mould in the sink . during the night we could hear people bang on each others door and slam doors . we could also hear people walk around upstairs , never again

i stay at the remada for   week and i be very happy with my stay . firstly i be upgrade to a suite for no extra cost . the room be spaceous and clean . the bathroom be nice and clean , but with the smallest shower i have see in a while . however the water be hot and plentiful

we enjoy our stay at ramada hong kong . the room be quiet enough and richly appointed . the bathroom be great , except for the small shower which be very very slow to drain . as many have mention , the bed be quite hard , but we still get a decent night â € ™ s rest . staff be courteous and the location be fine with the tram stop out front be very convenient  just remember to save those   hkd coin if you don â € ™ t buy an octopus card . we also take advantage of the hotel â € ™ s free shuttle to hk station one day , which be convenient . have no real problem other than the shower drain , we wouldn â € ™ t hesitate to stay there again

not up to western standard for a ramada , but mostly for the bathroom . plastic stall shower leak and completely flood the bathroom floor everytime you take a shower . pillow be paper thin and housekeep could only provide   extra pillow for the   of us . location be entirely in chinese neighborhood , but transportation outside the hotel be excellent wave a taxi , jump on a double decker bus , or take the free hotel shuttle to shopping or ferry terminal . fresh fruit provide first day , and we pick up more fruit at a small market right outside the door . no movie channels on tv hbo , but bbc and a few australian stations available . this hotel be an absolute steal at about     where most other non luxury hotel be at least triple the cost . down side be no swim pool , which , apparently , many hotel in hong kong have . concierge confirm flight for us , provide good suggestion for hike , etc . rooms smell like smoke , as do all your clothes when you get home

my stay at ramada hong kong be fantastic . i have problem during reservation , but the manager , ms ruby liu immediately correct it and even go out of her way to make my stay a happy one

excellent hotel for price . large and comfortable room . good location

stay here with a tour group june   ,   ,   the hotel staff be friendly and helpful and we do n't have a language problem as the people that we dealt with speak and understand english very well . the rooms be spacious , clean , and quiet . i have a suite with a sit room separate from the sleeping area . the t .v . be in the sit area . love the shower in the bathroom and the small dress table and mirror , with a stool to sit on . this be separate from the sink and mirror over the sink   the shower be a self contain     capsule    and once the door be close there be no water or steam from the shower escape into the bathroom . no steam up mirror or wet floor . by the time we get to hong kong , we be use to the hard bed and i never wake up with a back ache the entire trip . sleep great ! the breakfast bar be excellent . all in all our experience with this hotel be very good . it be a pleasure to return to a restful environment after a full day of tour and or shopping . i would definitely stay here again

my girlfriend and i visit hong kong early june for   and   nights . it really life up to its name as a vibrant city

stay here as part of a family holiday to hk in april easter  

i book it from the book centre at the hong kong airport . great hotel for businnes traveler   nice room , bathroom , internet service . i pay u     for a double room without breakfast . i like the location

one night stay in january . hotel staff very friendly and efficient . checking in be quick . staff speak english well . room be a little cramp like most hk budget hotels . the shower be too small for me . feel like it be a plastic clam shell . it be a closer ride to central compare to the other hotel in causeway bay . a good place for a couple night stay if you be not expect   star accommodation

excellent polite staff . allow us to check in early and upgrade us to top floor suite for no extra charge . the rooms be large with fantastic views . the only down side be that the bed be very hard , but apparently this be normal in hong kong . we love the area as it feel very safe and we be never hassle by anyone . the tram be excellent as they stop right outside but get very crowd in the rush hour . the octopus cards be great as you can use them on all public transport without the hassle of find change or explain where you want to go . also you can cash in any unused credit at the end of your holiday . also very useful be the check in desk for cathay pacific at hong kong central station . this mean we could check in our baggage and tour the city unhindered . the only catch be that you have to buy a ticket for the airport express to gain access to the check in desk

we stay at the ramada for   night , have two rooms for our family of five . from the airport we take a designate luxury hotel to hotel coach , which we book once we have get off the plane . guide show us where to wait and then direct us onto the right coach it take about   minutes and we pay Â £   return for the   of us . on our return the consiege phone through our request for pick up and we be the only one on it ! !

we stay at the ramada hong kong in february   for   night during chinese new year

april   with friend

we stay at the ramada hotel on hong kong island for   night in march   we stay in room   on the   floor which be large , clean and comfortable . there be a double bed in the bedroom area and a safe in the wardrobe . next to this be a small lounge area with a tv . this lead into the entrance hallway where there be tea coffee make facility and a mini bar . there be plenty of cupboard , drawers and storage space in all three areas . the bathroom have a shower rather than a bath but be roomy enough and be equip with a hairdryer . as we be on the   floor we have breathtaking view with regard to the height but there be very high block of flats in front breaking our view of the sea . the hotel staff be helpful and polite . breakfast be fine with a reasonable choice and not too expensive . there be a bar on the   floor but it do not have much of a selection of drinks . on the ground floor be a restaurant . the food be good but over price and we do not find the staff particularly accommodating . there be a small gym next to the breakfast room but it be not particularly well equipped . i believe the hotel also have a spa but we do not give it a try . the hotel be not on a hong kong mtr line but it be on a tram line with a very good service to central . the tram be great fun to ride on . as the hotel be slightly out of the centre it be very reasonably price and overall i would say that it â € ™ s a good place to stay and i would certainly stay there again if i be in hong kong . while there , get yourself an octopus card which allow you to travel on virtually every method of transport in hong kong and very useful and easy to use . these can be buy from central mtr

ramada hong kong hotel be the best in terms of location , service , price , everything

i travel all over the world and have stay in everything from   luxury hotel to place in china that do n't even take credit cards . i think this make me a fairly good judge of value as oppose to just price

i have a nice   night stay at this hotel . it be clean and the rooms be much larger than many of the hotel my friend be stay in . i have to change from a smoking room to a non smoking room . i could barely breathe when i get off the elevator for my first room . they do n't have any rooms for that night but could change me the next day . i insist and finally they give me a nicer room on the top floor that do n't smell like smoke and swithched me to a non smoking room the next day . the staff be very friendly but it do take some convincing to get me in a non smoking room the first night . i never find any restaurant around the restaurant to eat in . the hotel do have a breakfast buffet and they give you a discount if you purchase it the night before . i never try it . i also find it easier to get the front desk to write on a card in chinese where i want to go to give to the taxi drivers . i never have to wait more than   mintues if that for a cab . i keep the hotel address card in my purse to show to the taxi cab driver when i catch a cab go back to the hotel . i only have   driver who speak english . i would also suggest pick up an octopus card at the airport . they can be use for the ferry,trains and the buses . it come in very handy . the nice thing be we do n't have the tailor 's shove business cards in our hands everytime we turn around like the kowloon area . we do

i agree with all the other review   don ` t bother with the franchise out restaurant . your bill will be in chinese print and they don ` t serve coffee . hotel room     service excellent  even to the free slippers . however the fish smell waft around the street and the hotel ` s aircon only cools . we have amazing value breakfast at amy ` s leave out of hotel and at dear ` s right out of hotel . also a good evening meal at canada restaurant leave out of hotel   top of hill street . have a couple of glasses of wine one evening in the hotel ` s bar and it cost almost as much as our meal

ramada hotel be very good value for money , new , good rooms , friendly staff , but the location be very bad , far away from everything though you can take a tram for   hkd that leave you in the door of the hotel . we choose this hotel because it be good and unexpensive , the distance wasn ` t a real problem for us

for the low price this be a nice hotel . the room be clean , the staff be helpful . although the location be not the best it be directly across the street from the trolley   which make it very convienant . the room be portion into two area   like a suit , only much smaller . it make the room feel smaller than it really was . it also do n't allow us to watch tv from bed   something we love to do on vacation . the shower be great , but there be no tub . also no pool . our only othe complaint be street noise . you could here the rumble of traffic all night long . for the price , a good choice

stay here for a week in the beginning of january . room size be small and the hotel be locate close to western police station . overall this be a budget hotel which have very hard bed in a very 'local ' location

just return from a thoroughly enjoyable stay at the ramada hong kong . very pleasant hotel . room be more like a suite with a view over the harbour . breakfast be about Â £   extra each but well worth it . tram and bus stop right outside . plenty of restaurant full of local within   minutes . at only Â £   a night per room it be a real bargain .

i book the hotel through an online consolidator early in october for a low price of   per night include taxes . although the hotel be not centrally locate , it be easily accessible by the tram take anyone of 'em eastward to downtown , and the kennedy town shek tong tsui one back   that take a mere   minutes or so . the hotel also have a half hourly free shuttle which you register for at the helpful concierge that take you to the macau ferry terminal where there 's an excellent mall and the ifc mall transfer to mtr or airport express , before make the way back . the hotel be also accessible by city flyer   from the airport   one

we have   night in hong kong as part of a   month round the world trip and opt for the ramada on hk island as oppose to stay in kowloon

stay at the ramada hong kong in october   for   nights . upon negotiation with the hotel prior to our arrival i be promise the grand harbour view suite     hk per night . arrive at   with   child in tow and be escort up to my promise room . once enter the room i be a little suprised to see   cot bed place in the middle of the floor and the main bed be a fold out sofa couch within the same area . when book i be advise the suite be a   bedroom + sit area apartment . pay     per night i be not happy . after many discussion with the manager my family be place in a   bedroom + sit area apartment for a slightly reduce nightly fee . i agree with other traveller comment in relation to breakfast very average . a cheap option for breakfats be dim sum at the restaurant next door or   hour shop across the road which sell pastry , orange juice , fruit , etc . overall the stay be ok

i receive a friendly welcome on arrival and be please to be tell i have be upgrade to a suite on the   floor . excellent view across the harbour . the suite have a very spacious lounge area and a lovely walk in shower . a good supply of shampoo and a toothbrush and toothpaste be provide too . i have dinner in the chinese restaurant on the ground floor . at the end of the meal i could not put the meal on my hotel bill as they say the restaurant be not part of the hotel , which seem rather odd so my meal have to be pay in cash or by credit card . one girl on the front desk speak very poor english , the other staff speak better english

i am not go to lie  i be first attract to the ramada by the price . it be one of the cheaper one that keep pop up on the hotel search engines . but the more i research it turn out to be a little gem

i stay here recently for   night

previous report give details of the well furnished , smart clean rooms and bathroom , but slightly out of the way location , which i will concur . we stay at the ramada for a week , book through the hotel â € ™ s own website that have long stay discount rates . these rates beat the price quote in various internet hotel search engine that be base on daily rates

w . hill  .n .ireland . love this hotel , big rooms for hong kong lovley bathroom and beautifully decorate rooms all keep spotless . do not worry about be out of the way , just walk out the front door and use the most enjoyable mode of transport in hong kong the tram , very simple to use , central in ten minutes . the staff of the ramada will help you with any problem and be very approachable

just get back from hk . ramada 's room be a delight for the price  lt     usd nite . clean , tastefully decorate ,     have plenty of little shelf for storage . the hotel be in the far west end of hk island very old part of town but offer some delightful place to eat with the local but still convenient enough to get to central by tram or taxi . the gym be a joke aside , i be most impress with the overall quality i get from this hotel . will definitely recommend it to anyone

i must qualify my five star by say that for the price it deserve five star , but be not a five star location . however , the service be top of the line and everyone that we interact with be incredibly eager to help . we be also upgrade to a suite and our room cost     on wotif . i be pleasantly surprise by the entrance and welcome counter of the hotel and the room be much larger than i expected . it have a seperate sit area with a divider from the sleeping area . the bed that we have be incredibly firm , which be fine for me , but the girlfriend do not love it

this hotel 's in the western district of hong kong which do n't have a lot go on in terms of shopping or eat , but it 's not far from the central part which does . to get there , you can either walk maybe twenty minutes , or get the tram which take about   minutes . tram stop right outside the hotel and there 's one about every minute or so . although the tram probably be n't the fastest method of transport , it 's quite good fun and costs only hk     for any distance   and it run all the way from the ramada down to the causeway bay area , go right through the central parts of hong kong island . so it 's definitely the cheapest way to get about . a taxi from central station will cost about hk  

the book be in order on arrive at   , we have expect to not be allow to check in so early , but it pose as no problem for the hotel and they upgrade us to a suite . the hotel only have a few non smoking floors . there be internet facility , not cheap but convenient for emergency , locate to the leave up the stairs when face reception

we stay at the ramada for a week this ocotober . the hotel be absolutely fine , and be a great base from which to expore hong kong

my husband and i stay here for just over a week . we arrive way before check in but our room be already wait for us . and what a wonderful room . very clean , spacious , lovely bathroom shower better than ours at home , loads of storage space . the hotel be very conveniently locate right on the tram line which incidently take payment by octupus card , there 's no need to have a pocket full of   dollar bit . some may say that the hotel be abit out of way but because of the excellent public transport system in hk , it do n't feel like it is . i would very highly recommend this hotel to others . we would expect to pay a lot more than we do for this standard of hotel . excellent choice . will definately stay here again the next time we visit hk which hopefully we will as hk be a blast

we overnighted here on the night of august   , just at the tailend of the typhoon that paralyse the hk airport . our cathay flight be delay   hours and we arrive at the hotel at       , just after midnight . to our surprise there be still some other guest checking in , probably get delay on the way in too . we be upgrade to their     suite    as it seem to be the policy for any singles or couple who do not require   bed since there appear to be more of these suite than regular twin bed rooms . everything about these rooms be say in the other review so i will not go into details here , just the typical deluxe room with the divide live room and bedroom , and you can not see the tv from your bed , a major pet peeve of many but we do not make use of the tv since we go straight to the shower and bed

i stay in ramada hotel on   august   book through hoteltravel com , standard room w o breakfast for   quite a bargain i suppose . get upgrade to suite for free . i have ask for a non smoking room but they do n't have it at that moment . so they give me a smoking room and they spray some air deodoriser for me

stay at the ramada july     we often visit family in hk who live in a building behind the ramada . decide to try this hotel since our relative 's apartment be small and bathroom situation be not ideal . the hotel 's building have be around for the last   years at least . it be build to open as a hotel but then construction be halt a few years back . glad to see it have finally open as a ramada

