our agent book a triple room for us i be travel with my parent   so   adult at the ramada kowloon

stay at the ramada for two nights . very small rooms . no service . staff not very helpful . no bar , coffee shop . in non tourist part of town . long way to travel to shop or to sight see . need to use taxi , etc . would not recommend this hotel . room quiet , bed quite comfortable . small mini bar

as already specify , large lobby but hardly any seats . wait for transport or arrive early mean stand for age

service be good , they be prompt in attend to our need , also , we could easily communicate with them as they know good english

the room itself be a double bedroom . it be so small that both luggage barely fit so we be force to leave them in front of the entry door , which be an inconvenience . the bed basically take up the whole space . the wardrobe be tiny and take up with the safe and iron board which leave almost no room for us to hang our clothes

rooms be small and dark , furniture be dark brown , wall dark yellow , which do not add light to the room , the carpet in our room be worn and with a patch . illumination very dull and even during day with open curtain you need to turn on the light . there be no picture on wall

great location . very small room but if only stay   days as we do you only use the room to sleep the rest of the time out shopping

the hotel be situate in tst near kcr   mtr exit   the entrance be not very shiny as it be on the main road but surround by various shops . it have a small lobby and a little sit area but decoration suit to a   star hotel which it claims . however when taxi driver drop you there the staff be smile and they take over from there with the proper care of your luggage and your smooth check  in in the room

if you find a great deal for this hotel , i .e .   a night , it 's go to be ok , but otherwise  

good

stay at this place . sad to say we have a bad experience here . i would n't want to go here anymore

this be a very basic two star hotel

we stay in ramada hotel in kowloon and never have a problem the rooms may be small but with hk standard , they be way better tan other hk hotels . staff be courteous and helpful . the people at the front desk be always accommodate though the wifi service should have be part of their hotel amenities as   for   may be quite expensive for traveller

  star property accord to me   very small and congest rooms   not that clean   food have no variety   staff be courteous enough     well guided    good for budget travelers   

for the price we get be be good . the rooms be old , but decent . the restaurant be pretty good . this hotel would be good if the purpose of your vacation be to sight see , but if you be planning on relax and spending time in the hotel room , this hotel would be not so great

the staff be not very accommodating . i be not ask about my room preference and be give a room with   bed on a smoking floor . it take two times until i get an adapter and never receive the iron and iron board request

  be prepare for small room because lots e pals say that

we come from toronto , canada and have spend   week at the ramada kowloon . the hotel be average but service be incredible . the hotel staff be very helpful and friendly . the biggest asset of the hotel be location . it 's proximity to shopping place , mtr subway and restaurants . it 's a great choice . however , if you look for luxuary than this be not the place

we stay here on a stopover to oz and to be honest i would n't book this hotel again . the location be good , short walk to shop and the harbour but the rooms be tiny , we be prepare for small rooms in hk but ours really feel like a cell . barley no daylight at all , hardly any space to walk around the bed . lobby be nice and staff be adept at their job but no really friendly . i am sure there be nicer place to stay in hong kong

after reading other review we be a bit concern about where our travel agent have book us . we do n't need to be . yes the rooms be tiny how much time do you spend in them anyway ? ! ? ! but it be clean and the location be great . we do n't eat at the hotel as it be much cheaper at charlie brown round the corner so ca n't coment on the food . there be easy links to the underground and the ferry etc and while we avoid the touristy place for dinner where possible , there be a great local restaurant only a few door down . over all we have stay in worse place for more money and worse location

i ahve stay at the kowloon ramada twice last year and i do not have any bad experience . service be great , the staff be very helpful , just about for anything . yes , the room be a bit small , but by hong kong standard , the room be ok , consider the fact that by early morning you will already be out of the room . my bed be ok , view of granville road from the room be ok

my advice be to look at other property in kowloon something newer and better value for money ! read on if you need more convincing  

i have never see any hotel that cleimed to be   start hotel with such terrible facility

i stay in ramada kowloon for   night during my transit back to the middle east . the hotel 's undoubtful advantage be its location . i take a bus   or   i ca n't remember clearly from the airport and   min later it stop in front of the hotel ! the bus stop back to airport be just on the opposite side of the road . so very handy for transit passenger like me

spend   night at the ramada     the experience be  

we have a   day stopover at this hotel in kowloon on our way to the uk . never have be to hong kong before we be not sure what to expect . on arrival quite late at night we be greet by the friendly night staff , book in quickly , and take to our room . we have a double room with ensuite , and whilst not as big as we be use to in australia be adequate for the time we be there . the staff be very helpful with direction to various place , and the lady in the officed that book tours go out of her way to help us . i have be reading some of the other review about this property , and have come to the conclusion that perhaps there be   ramado hotel in kowloon tongue in cheek as we do not experience any of the problem others seem to have had . in fact we be return there in september

this be a very seedy hotel . i travel to hk frequently for business and i must say that this hotel give me the creeps in a serious way . the blanket be disgust    pilly brown blanket that seem like a fire hazard . also , no real lobby , dark entrance , dark hallway , teeny tiny bathrooms . i have a room w    twin bed although i book for a double size bed   the bed be   inch apart from each other . yes , that 's right ,   inches . i will never stay here again

the room in this hotel be super small and so do the bathroom . we be give a bad room     overlooking    a dumpster floor . eekk . hate it

we book it when we arrive at hk airport through the hk hotel desk as it have the best     last minutes rates'    and we also need   bed which can be hard to get in hong kong

this have to be the worst hotel i have ever be too . the room be so small that the   of us could n't fit our luggage in and have to remove the desk chair . i could n't open my suitcase properly as there be n't enough room ! !

the hotel be conveniently locate for kowloon tst , and a short walk or subway ride from the star ferry etc . service be competent without be remarkable , and the room be small , as be usual for hk . the room be clean , the bed comfortable , and the aircon work well . breakfast be toelrable , without be especially good . however , give the price , it be a good choice , and we 'd stay here again

have spend a few days in china with fantastic service and a smile from all the staff at the hotel we have stay at , century pavilion , my wife and i be look forward to a few days in hk . this hotel spoil all that . the reception be dark , dingy and the staff be abrupt on the verge of rudeness . we be allocate a room on the   floor , no choice of smoking or non smoking , so as soon as we get out the lift it stank of smoke . the room be even darker than the reception area , smell worse and be very small . everything be cram into the room , and the bathroom be tiny . our room be opposite the lift which ping on everyfloor which be just a tad annoying . we try to stick it out for   night but after a horribly uncomfortable night , the mattress can hardly be call such , we give up and move elsewhere . needle to say , i would n't recommend this hotel to

my family decide to take a long overdue vacation in hong kong . we decide to take the trip on the week inbetween christmas and new year of   as it be the only days where we could share time together as a family . it be a   day trip where all accomodation and tours be book ahead by our travel agent . on our second day , our first full day in hong kong , the itenerary be for a city tour . we be schedule to be pick up by our guide at       in the morning . we we all excite and be at the ramada wait lounge around       be , an hour earlier than the expect pick up time . while all   of us be there sit and wait , my son fall asleep . the security personnel give us a not so friendly stare . that personnel pace around us several times with the same stare . after pace around us for several times , he approach us and speak in break english , say     not sleep    . sense he could not speak fluent english , i let it go and say     ok    . a few more minutes pass and the stare be still there . worst this time the stare be accompany by head shaking . it be the type of a stare do by high school bullies . the constant stare be as if we have commit a serious crime that we have to be watch over very carefully . i complain to the manager about this harassment . i be tell in no uncertain manner that it be their policy not to allow sleeping in the wait lounge . that it be their board of director who create the rule . i explain that we be wait for our guide and fall asleep durig these times be normal . i also ask what be the rationale for this policy . instead of explain , the manager inform me that they could get fire if they wont wake people up . i then say that higher management should be advise that pay guest should be allow to fall asleep without be disturb while wait for their pick up . the manager respond that all hotel be like that . on the contrary , per our schedule , we transfer to disney 's hollywood hotel in hong kong for the disneyland trip on our last day . in hollywood hotel i see several people , in several occassions , doze off while wait for their bus ride or their guides . i make it a point to take note if any of the hollywood staff would wake their guest up . the allege claim by the ramada manager that all hotel wont allow sleeping in wait lounge never happen in hollywood . harassment be not a great way to treat customers . i not think there will be a next time for us in ramada . i will also call my travel agent and inform them of this not so memorable experience

hotel be clean , central and perfectly adequate for our stay . staff helpful and friendly . airport transfer

i stay   night and find this hotel to be perfect for my need

i land hk with my wife and   years then old son    we be carry enough luggage as we come on work permit from mnc . the experience be horrible for me and my family and not match with the cost they charge . let 's me

i be a frequent business traveller from germany and i come to hk once a month in average . this be the worst hotel experience i ever made   

i stay here for   days and i like it . my room be overlook the street with large glass windows window can not be open . i enjoy the view . the room be basic and small . but it be adequate . the bathroom be also basic . but it be very clean . the breakfast be ok , but get somewhat boring towards end of my stay as they repeat the same stuff . i have dinner once here , i do not like it . but there be plenty of food option as soon as you step out of the hotel

a real hong kong feel as soon as you step in you be squeeze for space . the rooms have all the basics and be present ok . bathroom be small and have no real ventilation and the window look onto a brick wall   so slighty costrophobic . so a good place to stay on a lower budget but not want a backpacer style

book this hotel on the web from the philippines since we be look for a holiday on a budget . get exactly that . there be four of us , incl my wife and   boy , age   and   room have two bed but with   suitcase and a carryon , not much space to move . bathroom be also tight and cleanliness so so

we stay at the ramada kowloon for   nights . we be very happy and satisfy with our experience . it 's a good hotel , with great breakfast at a nicely position restaurant , and the best part about the hotel be it 's location . it 's withing walk distance to all major shopping street and tsim sha tsui

my wife     my daughter stay here last april for a vacation

i do n't agree with some of the negative review here . this be a decent full service hotel in a fairly good location with very good customer service

my mother and i stay at the ramada for   night in june   overall it be an ok experience . the room be roomy enough and clean . the toilet do not flush efficiently and we have to call someone to fix it . also the powerpoint for the electric jug do not work so the maintenance fellow suggest we use the power point near the bed and just put the jug on the floor   which be what we did . the staff be friendly and helpful

my boyfriend and i check in ramada kowloon late because we fly into hk in an evening flight . ask for a non smoking room , the answer be     no , since you do n't request when you book the hotel . but the room you get be newly renovate , it shouldn ‚ Ä ô t have a lot smoke smell ‚ Ä ù when we walk into the room , find the one of the twin bed be not made . call the front desk , a guy come up   minutes later . say the quilt should just cover the bed due to the summer time . but the bed look like as if someone sleep on it . so he agree to change the quilt . i ask him to change the sheet as well . he change the bed , and we thank him . i use the bathroom for   and find out the toilet didn ‚ Ä ô t flush well . i have to flush   times , and each time i have to wait for the water to get full . my boyfriend say maybe because it ‚ Ä ô s too high we be at   floor , there ‚ Ä ô s not enough pressure . fine . after settle down , we decide to go out for a midnight snack . take the room key out from the slot for get power to the room . most asian hotel use that to conserve energy and leave the room . i go back to the room for my purse , and try to insert the key back to the slot , the room wasn ‚ Ä ô t lit . the switch in the slot stop working . call the front desk , wait for   minutes for a maintenance guy to come , and take that guy   min to fix the problem . ask the front desk for another room . the answer be ‚ Ä ú we will fix it really shortly ‚ Ä ù come back from the restaurant nearby , we decide to make a few phone call , but find out we be not able to call out . ask the front desk for instruction again there ‚ Ä ô s an instruction print on the phone , just to make sure we dial the right numbers . not successful . we weren ‚ Ä ô t even able to call   emergency number in hong kong , equivalent to   in the state . ask the front desk to call a local number for us , and transfer the call to our room . the answer ‚ Ä ú no , we don ‚ Ä ô t do that ‚ Ä ù and ask the front desk why the phone be not work , the answer ‚ Ä ú we don ‚ Ä ô t know , if the phone line be have problem , then the phone company be have problem ‚ Ä ¶ ‚ Ä ù we stop to argue , because we be really tired . and decide to call from a pay phone the   morning , and never go to ramada kowloon ever again

my name be jesus berenguer lintag and we stay at the ramada for   days . the service be very good , the staff very courteous and helpful and the room amenities at   star level

we stay for   nights . pay   per night total , incl tax . we get exactly what we wanted . clean , minibar use for refrig only ,   hugh bed , tv , ac heat , good part of town , walk to the subway , good restaurant close , clean bathroom , hot water with good pressure , tub . the room be a good size , not hugh , but sufficient for   people . the staff be very helpful . they have a good bar upstairs . all in all it be a very good experience . i would highly recommend it . i be really not sure why others write such poor review , i have no problem at all . this place be fine . for the money , it be great . no internet , local phone call   per call

i stay at the ramada for four night in january and think it be ok . it certainly be in need of redecoration , and my room be a little cramped . however , it be clean and decent   the staff be nice and friendly   and the location be excellent   a block or two to the tst mrt station   frequent bus to the star ferry and the airport go past the door   and the shop and restaurant of the nathan road area just around the corner . the buffet meal be not exciting but be quite adequate . i pay     a night plus tax , which be very good value for hong kong . this be a good place for the budget traveller who want something better than a backpacker ' guesthouse and who ca n't get into the y !

we stay at ramada kowloon hotel for   days . it be an ok budget hotel , nothing fancy . the room be small as in any other hotel rooms in hong kong and we do n't have a view our room be on the   floor . we do n't mind this because we spend our time outside . despite these , the room     toilet be clean , no complaint there . i notice that the room door     bathroom door need a little fix , but they still work . elevator be small as well as the lobby . hotel staff be friendly and helpful . the location be a little far go to the harbour , but it be nice walk around tst . you also need to walk a little far to reach the mtr station . there be shop nearby that sell clothes , shoes , bag , food , etc . nice ! we do n't eat at the restaurant because there be fast food restaurant nearby . all in all , the hotel be ok for traveller who just need a nice , clean room to stay after go around hong kong

we stay here for two night , we be book for six . there be a connect door between our room and the one next door and i could hear everything through the gap under the door . when you be tire after a long journey you do not want to hear the couple in the next room grunt and groan in the middle of the night . the bathroom be dirty with duck tape stick to the ceiling , i do not know why . the outside of the toilet be stain brown , i do not look too closely to see what be the cause and the paint be peel from the floor tiles . if you have book and you 're not desperate try somewhere else . when we stay we be charge ¬ £   per night for a very , very basic accommodation . i think someone be have a joke at our expense

i stay at the ramada kowloon , hong kong , and my advice to others be not go there . you cant drink the water that you boil from water take from the bathroom tap . the water smell of overnight cooking oil from your deep fryer . so it be off to the nearest   for bottled water . then there be not even a complimentary tea bag or a newspaper , or maybe they think a chinese lady from malaysia not know english . then i be bill hk     each for   unsuccessful toll free phone call back to malaysia , total hk     , ,and hk     for each call to place in kowloon . i only pay hk     for a phone call from the airport . then on the   nite , there be no bathroom light , and it take them quite a while to get it fix

i like my two night here . it seem a good deal less expensive than the golden mile holiday inn or others . the location on chatham road by a park and by the nice old section be nice . there be less of the     tailor vendors    as on nathan road . also , i have less massage offer in the evening in this area . it be a little farther walk to the great ferry over to the central district . the intercontinental hongkong have a great view in the lounge and dine area and all   great security force there , too . i be never in any danger in hong kong or philippines . the bus service from this hotel to the airport be super . i use expedia to get this hotel reserved . i receive no frequent flyer mile from unite airline on this

i be be nice by describe this hotel as 'terrible    . i book for   days , but check out after one night . i be force to stay the one night because of a deposit and a very late check in . the restaurant must be the worst i have ever see , border on disgusting . my advice , pay a little more someplace else and be comfortable

