hi everyone

the room be clean , the staff be helpful , but the location leave much to be desired . though there be a convenient bus stop on the other side of the building complex , you will need to take a bus , to the train to get to the city . after stay there i find that the amount i spend in travel would probably have be make up if i just stay in the the city . if your desire be to be apart of the the city life and excitement this be not your place . this hotel be actually locate not on hong kong island , nor be it even locate in kowloon , but rather on a small island between the city and the airport call tsing yi

this hotel offer a very big discount because it be in the middle of nowhere   rather like stay in a graveyard

the transportation be quite a good convenience , the room be very nice     clean . i enjoy my stay

stay in rambler oasis on route and return from oz was generally please on route despite lack of restaurant      was quite noisy at night due to its location next to the extremely large port access to the city be no problem use the minibus and very efficient mtr . taxi to the airport be     approx include a lot of luggage squash into the boot             our return visit wasnt as good      had no sleep due to a very noisy party next door but be dealt with promptly when i complain  the worst part be discover that the sheet on our bed be dirty which we not realise until the follow morning      yuk

locate in tsing yi island ,   minutes to central and   minutes to the airport , rambler oasis hotel , along with   other hotel , sit in a residential complex know as rambler crest . amenities include free wifi in the lobby , a gym and a share swim pool . it be accessible by mtr kwai fong and tsing yi , but one need to catch the   to from kwai fong or the   to from tsing yi for the   trip . the bus stop in rambler crest be right on the foot of the bridge , a   walk to from the hotel . the hotel do provide pay shuttle services to tsim sha tsui , airport and disney   cab be also available . although oasis do not have a restaurant , coffee shop or a vending machine , the entire complex have an underground shopping arcade supermarket ,   eleven , restaurant , drugstore , clinic , etc . , open up to   hrs . there â € ™ s also a restaurant next door in the mexan hotel . base on observation , oasis cater primarily to mainland tourist , who , i â € ™ m sorry to say , can get a bit loud and noisy

rambler oasis hotel ,     hk     plus     services charge per room per night room only . this hotel be not close to mtr subway station , need to take a   minute mini bus

i am glad i choose rambler oasis . at first i have my apprehension regard the location but it work well for us . just a short travel time after our flight in good thing i print the map provide at the hotel 's site so it be easy for the cab driver to know where we want to go     we need not rush back for our flight out . we do n't mind take the cab whenever we get out of the hotel because there be four of us travel , so a hk     cab fare hk     each to tsing yi station be not a big deal

i have stay in the hotel for   nights . first impression   this be simple student hostel   i have change my first room due to it be simply dusty and smell sigarets . second one be cleaner . both rooms be very small   around   sq m . bathroom be a section   sq m

my fiance and i stay at the rambler oasis for   nights . it 's a bit out of the way , but with the regular shuttle bus and excellent mtr train system , it be no problem get around . it be also nice to get out of the chaos of the city every night and head back to the refuge of our room . i guess the average price for a room here be around us     , but we book through agoda com and get our room for us     which be a great deal . the rooms be very nicely decorate with a very modern , minimalist design , and be quite roomy for hong kong standards . the pool be n't open while we be there , but they be fill it the day we left . it be too cold to swim anyway , so no big deal

