we stay at the regal for   days . the reseption be always great , they all speak english well and be always availble to help and give direction . the rooms be of a good size and very clean , a bit old but still fine . the hotel be within walk distance of the new town plaza and shatin mtr and bus terminus . the bus and taxi 's stop infront of the hotel and there be a shuttle service available . the hotel be great value for money

this hk hotel warrant a   star rating for service , facility and a nice large well furnish room . pay     for room include internet and return airport transfer . the mrt be about   minutes walk and breakfast be readily available nearby . not as convenient as downtown kowloon but the value and comfort of the hotel be unbeatable

good location , easy to access different transportation e .g .   airport bus , free shuttle bus service from hotel to shatin railway station .   minutes walk to sun tin wai railway station . surround by plenty local chinese food shop

not only be the hotel under construction , the construction be literally under our room ! we wake up the first morning to the sound of jack hammers . when we open up the door to find out where this horrible sound be come from , we notice an open panel beside our door and at least   man in the space below our room do work . we ask for a new room but the hotel be book solid and they could not accomodate us . it be a nightmare

this be a perfectly acceptable hotel but not by any means one of the most comfortable in hong kong . also , it 's pretty far away from the main tourist area , so unless you have reason to be in shatin , this be n't the best location for you . the rooms be spacious and have everything you need include a wire and wireless internet connection , available for hk     or   per night , respectively . also a minibar with a small assortment of overprice beer and soft drink that 's more or less replenish every day . the bed be new and quite comfortable for those who like solid back support , but the furnishing be start to age . the plumbing look at least a decade old

i stay at regal riverside with my family last year and have never be so happy to leave a hotel . the corridor smell damp and musty , and the room furnishing be old

we stay at this hotel in the middle of january   have look at previous review i hope this review will be helpful in make your choice

it be a nice   hotel with good price . the location be not very good and the hotel be a bit old . but the room be really big and comfortable , with large king size bed and bath tub . the service be also excellent . they upgrade us to deluxe room because we book by amex . there be not much view , as we expect , but the comfortable large bed and clean bedding be really a pleasant surprise

i be there with my wife and   mth infant on holiday and to visit relative nearby . the room we get be fantastic . it be huge by hk standard , with tub and king size bed . foodwise , it be a   min walk to some diner and a mini market . plenty of bus and cabs . lovely river across the road for nighttime walkabouts . however , they be do some renovation that be very noisy during daytime . luckily i be out most of the day . cost be about hk     per night

the hotel staff be very good , particularly alan the hotel manager . the rooms be well maintain and all of the staff be courteous and efficient . but the hotel restaurant be atrocious . we try three of them , and the only food even remotely acceptable be the breakfast in l'eau

we stay for   days in this hotel . i be totally dissatisfied with it because of the building work that be go on , i do not get much sleep because of hammer and drilling . they do agree to change rooms , but it be not much better . i be not aware of the building works when i book and if i know there would be building works i would have definitely not stay there ! the only compensation we get be a bowl of fruit that have see better days ! the atitude of the front desk staff be very poor



this hotel be nice inside and pretty much quite posh to look at . if you'relooking for something near to the centre of hong kong then do n't go here as you be really just in the middle of the suburb shatin

this be the second time we have stay at the riverside as it 's handy for visit my wife 's family in the new territories . the hotel itself be pretty good and exceptional value compare to hotel in kowloon . the room be immaculate and unexpectedly large . it 's easy to get to from the airport the   bus stop right outside despite be out of the main tourist area

i think the fact that the hotel be completely book due to some conference cause the staff to be over run and frustrate

we just spend two week at the regal riverside hotel in sha tin , and be really impress with it . first of all , i would recommend that you shop around for the best price . i find the best price on asiarooms , and that be about   per night for a twin , include buffet breakfast for two

what a lovely place to stay we have a large room over look the river which be beautiful at night as you can see the gorgeous light , good room size as we have a double bed and to singles a lovely walk over the brigde to the kcr at night or you can save your legs and it would only cost a pound to the station for   ppl which come in handy if you be tie at the end of the day or you want to say your legs at the start of the day

just return from a   night stay in hong kong with our kids . we only book a week before , so have a narrower choice of hotel   would have stay at the salisbury ymca hotel . decide to stay out in shatin as we be planning a sunday at the horse race anyway only to find out at the track that kid under   be not allow . the royal park be book so we go with the regal riverside

