while they be currently renovate the 'pipe duct ' system , this be a relatively good hotel . renovation be between   and   , so should be okay for those who do n't need to sleep during the day

our stay in the hotel be comfortable

the regal hong kong be well locate in causeway bay , close to mtr , harbour , shop , market etc with easy access to many attraction on the island . we take the royale platinum option which include an extensive range of add ons include , free airport shuttle , free late checkout , breakfast , afternoon tea , cocktail hour , executive floor , dedicate checkin etc . very good value

stay for a week with my   yr old daughter

i be impress when i check in , the girl at the reception desk panffy not sure with big eyes give me a warm welcome with smile , after checked in she give me a map to show me where be the best place to shop

while not disagree with some of the negative comment in

my real issue with this hotel be a matter of taste . date 'renaissance ' be n't really my thing and i find the whole decor an affront to the senses . so if you like this style   you be much more likely to like this hotel

it be my second stay in hotel regal hongkong . it be nice experience

we like it very much , service be very good , rooms big and clean , location super many shop , restaurant , and metro near by

on the new business side of hong kong it have a great accessible location . we be a part of a large group visit shanghai and hk and so stay for   night and be able to do all sight see and even go kowloon easily from here

hotel be locate in down town , i can see part of the harbour from my room

the hotel be decorate back in the renaissance period with mirror and lots of gold around the hotel and the rooms

after have to endure a half hour wait to even approach the check in counter , we find ourselves confront by possibly the slowest and most frustratingly inept staff in all of asia . no mean feat give the competition for this title on the chinese mainland

we stay in this hotel for one week and very much enjoy our stay . staff be pleasant and friendly . they have already arrange a late check out for us as we have a late flight home . we also eat in the two restaurant and thoroughly enjoy our meals . we also have breakfast one morning and the buffet be out of this world . we be unfortunate in that we only get   days of good weather and so only manage to the rooftop pool once . my one criticism would be that while we be there , man be work at the poolside and make me feel slightly uneasy . other than that the location be great and we would happily stay in this hotel again

very nice , tidy hotel . very centrally locate and only a   minute walk to timesquare

the location of the hotel be not bad .   minutes walk from the causeway bay mtr . the property be decorate in a rather over the top psuedo french renaissance meet baroque meet bad taste peachy pink everything style ! still the rooms be large and the bed be very comfortable and pillow etc of high quality . the bathroom be large too

a very comfortable hotel in a good location

reach hotel at midnight due to my flight . the check in be a breeze and the counter staff who assist my check in take less than   min to settle me to my club floor . before i leave the counter , he assure me mine be face a seaview

stay two night for business in hong kong . overall an older property with older bathroom , ok for a business trip but probably better suit as a tourist hotel , with a its great location in causeway bay

we stay at the regal hong kong hotel for   night in march and pay Â £   per night with ba holidays . at the time most of the   star hotel be at least double this price . after read the tripadvisor review i be a little unsure of what to expect but as the price be so cheap i decide to go ahead with it . on reflection i be please i do

i stay at this establishment last summer with my wife for about   days . first off , when we arrive at the entrance , no one offer to help with our bag , even though there be several bell boy stand around chat   a first sign of doubt for a supposedly   star hotel . we go to check in , the staff at the reception be try to avoid contact with the guest   forget smile and hospitality , we wait for   minutes just for them to     get around    to us , even though there be no line . the girl that check us in clearly have her mind somewhere else , as i tell her at least twice i want a smoking room , and she have to ask me again as if she have not hear what i say

service be awful . housekeep send extra pillow and doonas without their case or separate from their cases . take them about half hour to get these things to you . they also have a tendency to go into your hotel room everytime you leave it . checking in take a long time . cleaniness be average . spa tube in the room need to be recleaned before we could use it . rooms be older than what they look on website etc . do not live up to the number of star it claim to be . there be much better quality hotel at lower price in hong kong

i stay at regal hong kong hotel with my family for our vacation in hong kong last week . the hotel be conveniently locate in the heart of the city and be surround by a number of shopping mall , which be the reason why i make my reservation as both myslf and my wife love shopping . we be offer a newly renovate room with a great view of the harbour . unfortunately the swim pool be under renovation otherwise it would be a perfect stay

this be one of the strangest hotel i have stay in . the reception

regal hotel be a good experience . it be part of the package we buy along with the ticket , to save some money and spend it shopping in hong kong ! !

i travel all over asia pacific for my work , and see different hotel almost every week . this one take the cake   the absolutely worst experience ever . i stay in this hotel for only     days and hate every minute of it   and check out as fast as i could , switch to a much more service minded and better hotel . my secretary book this disaster for me , probably think it be a   * hotel , for a week . the issue start immediately while check in . despite them have the full details of the company creditcard and thus     guarantee of payment , limit   usd they come up with all kind of lame excuse why that be not good enough and subsequently demand a usd       security deposit    in cash ! guess what ? even after deposit that rediculous amount they demand , the very next day , usd   more deposit to open the stupid minibar which be lock immediately upon arrival while i enter the room , even ! . i could n't believe it . do i look like i can not be trust for a can of coke or something ? after the check in process the frontdesk staff be downright unfriendly and i feel not only absolutely un welcome , but even like a criminal . the room be tatty , dusty and downright dirty and wornout in place   dispite the fact that it be suppose to be a     superior    room . i have the picture to prove it . if you like the style , then they indeed do have some nice woodpanelling and some faux     french    impressionist picture on the wall here and there , but basically it 's a facade and a complete zoo . as so often be the case with so called   and   star hotel   the more marble the more bs . never , ever , will they see me there again , or in any other hotel of that group . i do receive apology upon checkout , and even the promise of a better experience next time , but i really have it with these guys . service and hospitality be not part of their vocabulary . the only thing that be really welcome there be your wallet . which , by the way , be prove by the other reviewer who they try to squeeze for a bottle of water ! beware

as a business traveler who aways travel stay at the different hotel around the world this case be the worst

my sister and myself stay for   night in this hotel . despite the hiccup during the check in process , we get a nice room that be quite large by hk standard with a queen 's bed . it be definitely a plus with the free shuttle service thru fro hk international airport

bad idea to visit hong kong during the convention week , where hotel be either fully book out or charge exorbitant rates . i stay for a week at the regal hong kong hotel at causeway bay , due to the unavailability of the very highly rate conrad for a business trip at the end of october

i be stay here as i write . my local secretary book this because all desirable hotel be book out this week and i give zero notice of come

i highly recommend the regal hong kong hotel . we stay there for   night from   march â € “   april  

regal hong kong situate at the quiet end of causeway bay , a major shopping area on the island . it 's   walk through elevate footbridge from the subway station

stay here because most of our other regular hotel choice in hong kong be not available

be a well travel travel agent , i have stay in some of the best hotel in the world . for example , the last two times i be in honk kong for work , i stay in both the shangri la and the peninsula

we visit the regal hotel in hong kong in february and thank god it be only a short stop on our trip . the hotel be rate as a   * hotel but i have stay in better hotel that be only rate with   * ! the decor be so terribly out of date , the rooms be incredibly small and every time we turn the light on they blew . the gym be locate in the basement of the hotel and be in a tiny room that consist of about   machines . in fact every aspect of this hotel be old , grubby and need a huge overhaul . the only positive asecpt be the staff , they be friendly , polite and extremely helpful . i would never stay at this hotel again

stay at the regal hong kong hotel for   days from       march   it be an excellent hotel with a good location on hong kong island . our room on the   floor have a glimpse of hong kong harbour and victoria park

