this hotel be in kawloon city and hence can be easily accessable . the hotel staff be very polite except the reception every thing there be chargeable ,even they charge for the tv channels . food be good and and the customer service staff be very helpful and polite . they be prompt in inform any message or other information for guests . the location be crowdless but the nearby street be not neat . al together an average hotel with a lot of improvement need for customer satisfaction

twenty years ago this be the hotel and once the new wharf area be in operation it will thrive again . lots of work have be do in the cafe restaurant area and   floor and new rooms be update all the time . after several week in africa i be look for the white fluffy towel and comfy bed , a real shower and all the extras         i be n't disappointed . this be great value for money . some of the room may be small you can upgrade to the   floor but they have everything you need for a relax break . it 's in kowloon so you need to take a little bus hk     to wong tai sin shops temple then board the train to central hk     . have a drink in the   floor bar and watch the traffic   see how many privately own car you can spot        in a city of   million people the have there transport work out beautifully

good size rooms , very comfy beds . service be not so bad   most of them do n't understand english though . but the hotel be well decorate

i get this hotel in a wotif mystery deal . my first surprise be that it 's in the middle of nowhere to the east of the actual downtown area . you need to take a bus or taxi just to get to the actual city . one of the amenities list be free broadband access , when i get to the hotel they do not have this for my room . even though it clearly state that it did . i be force to upgrade to a premium room     more . rip off , this hotel be not worth it at all . stay away

we love our stay at the regal oriental hotel , the rooms be a good size by hong kong standard and be very well fit out . the staff be extremely helpful and polite . i would recommend the restaurant as well , the food at cafe neo 's buffet be very good and special mention have to be make of their chinese restaurant the regal seafood restaurant as the food there be to die for , especially the chef 's special  beef and asparagus in wasabi sauce ! ! ! ! ! yum ! ! ! ! ! !

the concierge , reservation service and cleaning staff be generally good overall , and their exchange rate be definitely better than have your money exchange at the australian airport . our only little whinge about their room itself be that they do n't provide enough sugar for coffee nor do they provide an iron ironing board for use . we would have like to have be give the option of a smoking or non smoking room to begin with so we do n't have to ask to be transferred . but once we get our non smoking room , we be very happy . although the hotel location be a little far away from the main happening of the city , you only need to take   min bus trip bus nos .   or   to travel directly to tsim sha tsui , where all the major shopping centre and eatery are . but definitely check out the mongkok market for discount bag , jeweleries and clothes , which be only   minutes away from the hotel use the same bus route . also , ladies   after all that shopping , you 're go to need a very relax foot massage , and i highly recommend go to the one directly opposite the hotel   its a must

i do n't usually review hotel , but this one be exceptional .   night in kowloon be a wash at a well know hotel in a popular area of kowloon . luckily , i find this hotel and decide to stay in kowloon a few more days . book on line for about   hk , when i arrive , the staff be actually smile , polite and welcoming . for no apparent reason , i be upgrade into a suite   the size of the room in the other hotel . then offer a package that include unlimited in room internet , free breakfast good , fresh hot , food etc , for less then i book the room for on line

the room be good in general . but it not access us to transportation easily

we be on a family holiday with a child of   years . the rooms be good value for the money but then again the location be really sad , there 's absolutely nothing close by , its actually in the middle of nowhere !

all the negative review i have read be put to rest . we have a grand time at the regal oriental hotel . i book for   rooms triple sharing and twin sharing . the rooms be beautiful , modern , spacious , clean . the bathroom have a bath tub . the hotel staff be friendly and helpful . we be pleasantly surprise as we do not expect the rooms as well as the hotel itself to be this beautiful . by the way , we book our hotel thru octopus travel

regal oriental be a average   * hotel with no frills . the hotel staff be courteous at the reception but room service be sad . food be highly overpriced . market like nathan street be   min drive away . nathan street be close to the electronic     fake market for purse

the hotel be locate centrally in kowloon    the rooms be decent but the service be not up to the mark    basic thing like water be not available in the room and you could buy a bottle for     !

do n't mind the hotel at all   there be some good value buffet , and the hotel give a discount to guests . it be far from the main sights , but the neighbourhood be quite interesting to walk around . i be n't stay long and have book a tour which pick up from the hotel so not too bother how far it was . the first day the staff seem a bit arrogant , but nicer staff the second day . the waiter even remember what i like to drink with meal perrier . the wireless internet be very expensive

i be rather hesitant when i make my reservation with regal oriental . frankly , be a seasoned traveller , i know i should not trust everything on the hotel 's website    the clean and spacious room    the modern design . unfortunately , i be prove right when i check into regal oriental hong kong

my husband be in hong kong for   month when he do his national service many years ago so this be a nostalgic visit . we have a lovely room on   floor which have obviously recently be refurbished . the en suite be all glass which we find very novel and the shower be excellent . coffee tea make facility be provide which be quite unusual in a foreign hotel . we find the staff helpful and the breakfast cater for every nationality and be more than adequate . the surround district be a bit run down but there be lots of inexpensive authentic restaurant and the bus be cheap and frequent . we get the   bus from the airport as our pre booked transfer do not turn up , i think it cost   each and the stop be just round the corner from the hotel

the hotel be off the 'beaten track' . the staff be not ready for european visitor 's,they have no time for us    ask for a kettle to make a cup of refresh tea and we be give a travel flask   watch out if you go into the 'english pub ' there be a nut charge per person give if you not eat them or arent ' give any     wouldnt recommend this hotel to any one   it be part of our package for   days it be ok but its definalty to far away for the hustle and bustle of nathan

this hotel be quite nice and feel fresh . our room be rather newly renovaited . we get a room on the   floor with a view ower the old airport and could see a little of the harborough . comfortable bed , coffeemaking facility , flat tv , sit area and a beautiful chaineese dekoration at the wall ower the bed . the staff werer very friendly and helpful . mabye the reception isn Â ´ t so great , feel a bit streange . the problem with this hotel be the location . it Â ´ s a bit way out and a bit too far from the city . we take the local doubbledecker bus just outside the hotel . it din Â ´ t even cost a dollar . it take a while to get down to the city of cowlon but on the other hand we get a nice sightsee tour

i live in hk until my early teens so i remember this hotel , which be locate right next to the old kai tak airport . then , it be a classy   star joint

this hotel be an excellent value , with large , clean well furnish rooms , and a bountiful breakfast buffet . as other reviewer have note these assets come with drawbacks . this review will focus on how some of the drawback could be circumvent

not all the rooms in the hotel have undergone renovation , so beware when book a run of house room from travel agent . stay here on two separate occasions , and the quality of the rooms vary significantly . the level   room be spacious , freshly refurbish , with comfortable bed and a lcd tv . the level   room be spacious but old , with hard bed , worn out furniture , stain carpet and a mouldy smell . for both rooms , the bathroom be date and quality of the towel range from fluffy to well worn . we be also show a newly renovate twin room on level   with contemporary furnishing and a modern glass bathroom , but the size of the room be extremely tiny . service be also inconsistent , range from extremely helpful     polite staff to apathetic     gloomy faced receptionists . the hotel be still undergo renovation , and the view from the hotel rooms be of bamboo scaffold and the concrete wasteland of the old hk airport . location wise , the hotel be not in a touristy area and be not close to a mtr subway station . however , outside the hotel there be a taxi stand reasonable price , but not for peak hour traffic , as well as a mini bus station ask receptionist to change your note to coin as the bus only accepts exact fare . airport shuttle bus provide by the hotel be very useful

this be a great hotel if you be look for something inexpensive and be willing to travel via bus to places . this use to be a solid hotel back when the hk airport be in chep lak kok . i be able to book a room for usd     a night via gtahotels com , and there be many other website that have the rooms under usd    

the room be ok but very congested . the view from my window be terrible as there be scaffold all around because of some construction go on at the hotel

we be book into this hotel as an add on to a tour of china . we check it 's website     it seem fine apart from be outside the main hong kong attractions . there be some refurbishment happen when we arrive , lots of noise     dust , but the major disappointment be the room . our room   be a furnish corridor ! the room be approx   foot in width with   single bed squash up at the end of the room

  it 's under extensive renovation , a fact they do n't tell you when you be booking . when you get there you have to keep the curtain draw even during the day because of the work go on outside

i book the hotel thru hkha hong kong hotel association at the airport . they offer a really good rate include airport transfer to the hotel and to the airport . the bus ride to the hotel from the airpot take only   minutes , but go to the airport from the hotel take about   hours because we stop at another regal hotel to pick up more people . but overall , the complimentary airport transfer be great

locate in kowloon city not kowloon tong , and trade have pass on with airport relocation . it really be a long way from the hk action . other than the small historic wall city park and the multitude of thai and chinese restaurant in the little enclave around the corner , there 's nothing to see or do here . the upside of that be , as soon as you leave the hotel on foot you be unlikely to run into any other tourists . it 's a work class hk neighbourhood which can be fascinating until you realise that the way people hang their wash out be pretty much the same all over the world . but if you have be to hk many times and always stay in tourist infested central or tsim sha tsui , it 's an interesting experience for a couple of night

when arrive it have a regular three star entrance , the service be a bit chaotic , sometimes they open the door for you , sometimes they just stand there . they let you carry the luggage inside , after they take it to the bell desk . check in be not heartwarming . after check in nobody be there to take our luggage up , so we unlock it from the wire they put around our suitcase and carry them ourselves . surprisingly while the hotel be mainly in old brown classic chinese decor , the third floor the regal i club where we stay , be ultramodern and design , the rooms be equip with a transparent wall bath room and a big mirror on the ceiling that give a bit of a love hotel impression . the regal i club have its own breakfast area at the same floor with a service counter , but the breakfast downstairs offer more choice

the good point first

spend   days in regal oriental hotel , and enjoy it very much . reasonable size and spotless room provide with everything you need for a pleasant stay   from sit tv to toothbrush . nice and helpful staff from concierge to girl in the business lounge give this place a star more

this hotel be locate in kowloon tong where the old airport and use to be the closest to the airport

this hotel be not convenient from anywhere of interest to a foreign tourist . it be not near an mrt subway station and there be no easy bus line to an mrt station . you either have to take a taxi or if you be chinese and adventurous you can be like a local and flag down the     right    green mini bus from the side of the street   block from the hotel , no station , the destination sign in chinese to take you to the nearest mrt station wong tai sin station . the hotel itself look nice but the rooms , although very nice , be very old . may be they be go for the     retro    look . i eat at the roof top restaurant bar very nice and excellent night view but , i be the only guest the whole time i be there . i just get the feeling that this hotel be once great but now it be     leave behind    by the change time . i love the bed and the bed , it have one of the best blanket and pillow that i have have in a   or   star hotel . the flat panel tv be good too . the bathroom be nice . this hotel be one of the best price   star that i find for november . in summary , the accommodation be great but the location be terrible for a tourist

good size room upgrade for small fee

the staff here be fantastic , very attentive and care

it be over all a great hotel . hotel staff be nice even though i could n't understand their english that well . i like the light of the room . con   i could n't understand their television

we have book for one night only for   persons . the room be really very small . normally it should be the room for   person not for   ! one night for arrival after midnight and depart before breakfast flight very early   be ok , but not for longer stay

this hotel must have be one of the closest and most disired hotel for the old hk airport , literally overlook it . the staff be friendly and helpful , very much make you feel like a value customer

i recently go to visit hongkong with my family and it be our very first trip to other country

regal oriental use to be the renowned   airport hotel in hong kong , that 's why before i move in , i do n't have any doubt on its quality . unfortunately , the hotel 's golden days have go , follow the removal of kai tak international airport to chaplapkok     

