if you plan to spend most of your time explore hk and need the hotel only to sleep , then the regal kowloon be for you . the location be great , close to the star ferry , avenue of star , supermarket , eat joints bars and a dfs galleria mall excellent deal next door , not to mention quick access to nathan road and the night market by cab   mt . there be a square out in the front which be nicely decorate for christmas and offer some excellent eat place

you can catch the   a bus from the airport and walk about   minutes to the hotel

a lovely hotel , which despite its size manage to remain friendly . good rooms and nothing be too much trouble . location be good despite what i have read elsewhere . have stay here twice , once with mates and once with the girlfriend and ca n't fault it

if you be stay in kowloon on a budget that does'nt stretch to the peninsula,this hotel be fine   min walk to star ferry and nathon road rooms be suprisingly fine and concierge service good i pay Â £   for a twin which seem pretty good

this regal hotel be one of a group , but probably the most inconvenient . before stay at the kowloon city we visit the hong kong airport regal hotel   now that be fabbie with a spa to die for   wow   vote best airport hotel in the world two years running    but   min from hong kong island . regal kowloon city be about   min from most of the action in kowloon e .g . around nathan rd but fairly close   min by cab or local bus or metro to the lady market , a little further for the flower market , fish market and or bird market . get on to hong kong island mean at least two bus and the ferry . bus be not expensive and the ferry be very cheap   but if you want to be in the thick of things socially , this be not the ideal location

i hear about how hotel rooms in hong kong be tiny and usually just have enough room for the   twin bed in the room and nothing else . this be not the case with the regal kowloon . the rooms we stay in could have fit at least   queen bed with room to spread out our suitcase and purchases . the location be great . close walk distance to the train station and the bus terminal . also , close to the water , with a view of hong kong island . if you want to stay in kowloon and be close to tst without stay there , this be the place to stay . the area be so much cleaner and safer . i would definitely stay here again

although the hotel have some work go on at the time , it be conveniently located . the price be reasonable , but i do get peeve with the fact that because there be renovation go on at the time of our stay , there be enormous drill noise right next to our ears . because we be hardly in our rooms , it do not matter as much as we be generally out of the room by       when the work start and be back only after the work be do for the day

the regal kowloon grow on me as i stay longer . especially when i see the bill

apart from the central location , we be not very satisfy of our stay at regal kowloon . service be very poor we have to wait age in line to check in and check out and staff be quite rude . we ask to be move to another room , beacause the one we be give be incredibly noisy due to a construction site nearby , but they literally ignore our request

the location be excellent . the hotel rooms be quite big enof when compare to other hotel in hk . the staff     room service be very good . its in centre of the city . tst     temple street be just a few min away from the hotel , where you can do lot of shopping . also hunghom station be near by . its   min from the sea side walking .   experience with good memories . the restaurant be good . good collection of wine n liquor . good variety of food     many more . for me   my family it be an excellent   day stay in this hotel . love it

i stay at this hotel for   night during my transit . with an advance purchase i spend around   for my room . the hotel be locate in tst east and be close to the waterfront , major shopping and sighseeing venues . i find the location handy as i could walk to banks , shop and restaurant to settle all of my personal business

good hotel . good location . very convenient for trains . good shopping market

first visit to hong kong , stay in the hotel because the conference my husband be attend be under the same roof . hotel be a bit old , under renovation , with bamboo stick around the windows outside , but still fine inside . we have a late flight , by the time we check in it be nearly midnight . be a very fast check in . we be give the room that we ask , superior room with kingsize bed but no breakfast . no , worry , there be lots of cafe around for good breakfast . room be not so big usual in hong kong from my friend ' story , but still comfortable for   adult and a toddler . it just have a refurbishment as i be told . amneties be good , wc be in excellent condition and well equipped . my son love to have his bath everyday in the tub . excellent location , very close to the breathtaking waterfront , which be just across the street , and just a minute walk behind the hotel be   great museum , which my son enjoy and he 's just a   year old . yet the place be tuck in the quiet side of tsim sai tsui east , away from the hustle and bustle of tst , yet still within a short walk distance to all the shopping and eat area . mtr and the bus station be just   to   minutes walk away , plenty of taxis infront of the hotel and to the star ferry be a nice stroll by the waterfront , take in the sights before arrive without have to go through all the traffic at the ferry pier about   minutes depend on your speed . the staff be very friendly and helpful , and my husband say the food during conference and facilies be excellent too . not so pricey for such a location amongst the   star hotel around it

we stay here for   nights . we arrive after travel all day we be so tired and when we check in they tell us they have upgrade us from standard room to a suite ! we couldnt have be happier the suite be absolute amazing . it make our trip in hong kong ! ! the restaurant be also really really nice . we have buffet breakfast both morning at cafe allegro in the hotel and in the night we have dinner at one of the restaurant call mezzo grill all be so lovely ! the staff be also so friendly . i would highly recommend this hotel . the location be about   mintues walk to nathan road   we do it both days be fine

stay   night in this hotel in march . book a     superior room with a city view    , be check into a very tired and date room nothing like the picture on the website we purchase from . we ask to be move and receive an identical room on another floor , on complain we be tell that the room be not identical as it have a plasma tv and the first do not ! ! ! eventually we be offer another room , get closer to the photo post but the view be of an internal courtyard and be obscure by scaffold and mesh as the hotel exterior be undergo work , work which begin quite early in the morning . i am sure they 'll get their acts together eventually but for the time be i 'd avoid stay here as there be many other lovely , similarly price hotel in the immediate area

stay here in march for   nights the service be   a minor complaint i think the room be good,things a little outdated,few crack but good water pressure could offer a bottle or two free water     the location i think be fantastic once you get use to where you be ,i cant think of a better spot right across the street from the water,lots of little food areas,shopping if you like to walk like i do   minutes in all direction get you everywhere from the star ferry to shopping malls the one thing i do not like be the cost of the internet,surely in this day and age they could lower this a bit i wouls have no qualm about stay here next trip

bring our graduate student here after like it the past two years . never again . the management must have change because the service have take a nose diva and the rates be up . problem keep pop up   breakfast that be to be include that keep get bill   assign student to smoking rooms and refuse to find them another until i state we 'd move them to another hotel   hard bed , and so on . the final straw be the prostitute knock on our student ' door , they be go down the hallway look for someone to invite them into their room ! i do n't even bother to ask how the 'ladies ' get into the hotel in the first place

fairly large , slightly date hotel on the south of kowloon about   minutes stroll to the waterfront overlook hong kong island . the staff be friendly and professional and while both the rooms and public area be clean and plush some parts look as though they could do with a little freshen up . there be several restaurant on the lower floor , a bar with a dart board ! , gym and sauna though we never try the sauna and think you need to book and spend a while there as oppose to just wander in from the gym . i see some previous comment about call girl outside the hotel . we do see this late at night and there be a hostess bar close by which may be where they come from , though we never see them in the hotel and it didn â € ™ t make the area seedy

we have just return from   days at this hotel . we go with another couple for a   birthday

first the good things   the hotel 's position be first class . the hotel staff be most helpful and their english good

this be a well locate hotel , near everything and next to hong kong centre , despite traffic . the personnel talks very good english and there be a good attention , overall

we stay as the first stop on a round the world trip and it be an excellent way to start ! the room be perfect , medium size good for hk , with mini bar and fridge , and a good marble bathroom , include bath and shower . staff be friendly , and the lobby area be very impressive in terms of ornimental decoration . perfect location   close to nighlife of kowloon and nathan road , the avenue of star , the harbour to get the ferry to hk island , and all museums . hotel also offer cheap bus to the airport , easier than get the train . we do n't have breakfast in the hotel there be an expensive cake bar and cafe in the hotel but in the surround street be smaller local cafe which be good for a 'western ' breakfast . overall excellent hotel to stay in hong kong   we would recommend

girlfreind and istayed there whilst on shopping holiday . rooms very clean , little date , but overall everything work and be tidy . reception area be certainly well manage and staff be always happy to assist . the breakfast be supply in our package and it be superior ,we find a huge breakfast be the best way to go before we set out on our daily activity the choice be fantastic and feel very satisfy all day tip take a peice of fresh fruit when you laeve the breakfast room place it in your backpack and have it later on in the day

we book the regal club package and i would n't stay there without book this . the hotel be fantastic with all the extra we get

the regal kowloon be a wonderful hotel

stay   night at this hotel   the first leg of my honeymoon

my boyfriend and i stay at the regal kowloon for   night during our stay in hong kong in july   the hotel be undergo renovation during our stay but the staff inform us on check in and all work stop at   pm so it have v little effect on us . our room be clean , large and comfortable . the location be good . it be about a   minute walk to the mtr station but it be a really lovely walk along the promenade of the star to the star ferry terminal . the hotel do not wow me but for about Â £   per night hong kong be v expensive it do everything we need it to do

we have a great   night stay here . the lobby be undergo renovation and be very underwhelming . we be direct up to the exec level check in which be smooth and friendly . unfortunately we couldnt have a room with a view but no problem , just keep the sheer curtain drawn . a non smoking room be request and it be great  no smell of smoke at all

book this hotel via expedia discount for a club executive floor under   usd night . very cheap for hk standard . this hotel have basically everything that you need in the club level room   free waters , snack , breakfast , soda , internet and lcd tv . however , what this hotel be lack of be the view their view be really block by several building infront of them . the bed and bathroom be clean . however , the area surround this hotel be pretty dead . esp at night i do n't really feel comfortable to walk around by myself . its quite a walk from metro station too at least   min if you walk fast so if you do n't have a car in this area  you be trap

under no circumstances expect services from this hotel to be on par with the west despite the exorbitant rates . the concierge in the lobby refer me to a boat tour of hong kong that seem fine at first , but then the crew physically push me off of the boat on hong kong island , which mean i have to find my way back to kowloon , and the regal shuttle back to the riverside hotel already leave , which mean i have to take a taxi at my own expense . this be not what i bargain for . moreover , the assistant manager of the hotel pretty much blame me for my lack of cantonese language skill and leave it at that . then , when i finally get back to my miserable , overprice room , the internet connection be n't working . then , they move me into another room and refuse to comp me for internet charges   then i make a stink about that , and then finally they do comp me for the internet at about       p m   a lot of good that do . i guess the water run in this hotel though the toilet water run pungent all the time , but it do n't warrant the price at all . you 're better off pay a bit more for actual quality . avoid avoid avoid

although we have have a wonderful stay at the harbour view hong kong in   we decide in   to stay in a different location , somewhere closer to the centre of town , and base on review on this site we choose the regal kowloon . we negotiate a really great price for a suite by deal with the hotel direct , and find them excellent to deal with

in a word this hotel be great ! we have an executive suite on the   floor which give us access to private dine room for breakfast , morning and afternoon tea , as well as free cocktail in the evening . the cost be around   per night but you get your money 's worth . the room be good with all the amenities you expect king size bed , no balcony and with the mini bar on the house for some items . bathroom be large with a bath and power adapter be available free of charge . check out be easy with a reception desk on the same floor . late check out be no problem with us checking out at   the view be the only thing that let the hotel down but in hong kong unless you be on the water there be bind to be a building in front of you . all the train stations be within easy walk and there be many place to eat and drink in the hotel and within a   minute walk . nathan road be a good   minute walk with more shopping on the way . if you be look for good accommodation at a good price look no further

we have just return from a   night stay at the regal kowloon , and rate it very highly . in response to a recent review , it certainly be n't on the island , but if you want to stay on the island do n't stay on kowloon   pretty obvious really . whether you think the island or kowloon be better be personal preference , we prefer kowloon . that say , the regal be about a   minute walk from nathan road , so if you want to walk out straight into the heart of the area , look elsewhere . on the other hand , cross the square outside and go up onto the raise bridge , follow it to the harbour , and enjoy the   minute walk to the star ferry with one of the world 's best man made view all the way , and not a single road to cross

i have book the hotel because of the mileage i can earn for my asia mile membership . it 's my first time stay at the hotel and i would say that it be a rather pleasant stay generally speak

first the location , its not that great , remove from hong kong island . it 's a fast trip on the subway , but spend the extra money and stay on hong kong island . the hotel be very date , i do n't believe the hotel have be renovate since it be build in the   's . also we where upgrated for free to the excutive floor and the room smell bad . also the wallpaper be peal and bubbling . the overall experience be not one i would recommond to anyone

i stay at the regal kowloon in october   , during a business trip

i stay at this place for   night in january   , for a conference , and be very satisfied . i suspect i pay less a lot less than market price . pc tours be the organize travel agent for the conference , and they seem to know what they be do

this be our first time in this hotel , i know it thet it wouldn Â ´ t be the same like shangrila Â ´ s hotel , but the stay be good . i stay at the suite room , be very big , but the bathroom be little , and the bed be very hard . the breackfast be include , american breackfast , ok , very complete . very quiet , it Â ´ s a good option , well locate in tsim tcha tsui

we stay there for a week recently   though our room locate in non smoking floor , there be strong smoke smell whenever we walk out from the room to lift area . staff be annoy and unfriendly start from check in till we check out . room service be okay as we do n't expect too much . they hold   + sg for a week after we check out and back to home , singapore . i have to call a couple of times to hotel account department to release that amount of   . again , i receive unfriednly tone over the phone . more over , they still charge to my card   after we check out though i pay our room minibar consumption in cash when we check out . i have be to hk for holiday a couple of times and this recent trip be the only set back for me to visit hk again . i will not book for this hotel again . if you want to enjoy your hk holiday , i wo n't recommand you to stay in this hotel

we go to hong kong for   night and then on to shanghai and we stay at this hotel as it be one of the only hotel that do n't charge for   extra kid if sharing exist bedding . please note though that we intend to buy a air mattress for them to sleep on , but do n't bother look as they do n't exist in hong kong . so make sure to bring one with you if bring kids . i read from other viewers that this hotel be out of way , this be far from the truth . except from stay at the shereton or penisula which be in great spots,amd   to   times the price , i think that the regal kowloon hotel be in a wonderfull spot near very good hotel 's like the mandarin and interconinental hotels the rooms be small and be sure to get the upgrade to a least the superior room . we pay     hong kong per night , the cheapest i have see be     on wotif .com . the hotel look like it be state of the art in say the mid eighties but have n't get out of that era ! . lot 's of gold splatterd throughout the lobby and lift , do look a bit tack y . but at the end of the day it be clean , staff be helpfull and we find the spot great . as we do n't get breakfast include we find the delifrance excellent over the road . they sell a hot breakfast with coffee for only     hong kong dollar , we eat there each day for the   night we be there . also there be a starbucks right across the road and a seven eleven for all need include wine or beer spirits . do n't use mini bar ! . i would say hotel be approx   meter to nathan rd and can travel this in the underground subway if raining . make sure to ask for room with harbour view , we be in room   great view . there be only a handful of rooms with view as there be a big glass building in front i would say only   rooms per floor have the harbour view like on their website thera be also many western restraunts bars around this hotel and only maybe   meter from the harbour where their be the boardwalk and view of light show on every night at   much better spot than a lot of hotel in kowloon up nathan road which be grotty and where you get hassle by hawkers . i feel kowloon be the best place to stay as you get to look at the wonderful view over to hong kong island . i think nathan rd be tacky and dirty i much prefer hong island for the shopping and wonderful restraunts near the peak esculator to travel across to hong kong island be dirt cheap by ferry or mtr train . get an octipus card from the train station that you can use on train and bus everywhere so you don t need cash . we take kid to the science and technology museam which be only approx   meter from hotel , worth a look . be sure to go to stanley market over the other side of hong kong island a beautiful spot right on water , be sure to have a seafood platter at     the boathouse,    very resonable and delightful . and be the highlight of my trip . family or people who want to have good western restaurant right on your doorstep where you can eat from mcdonalds 's to great steakhouse restaurant on yor doorstep this hotel for the money be very hard to beat

we upgrade from a standard room on the   floor to a deluxe room on the   and , for     extra a night , there be no comparison . i say upgrade to a deluxe or stay someplace else . the deluxe room be spacious and a lot more up to date than the standard room , the latter of which be tiny , cramp and little depressing . go deluxe

i stay at the regal kowloon for one week in october  

i have stay at this hotel   times   once for   night , the other times just for   night . the first two times i be upgrade to a suite   this be in both case a large main room with a lcd tv and a seperate large bedroom , with a similar lcd tv and with   double bed and a bathroom . last time i have a normal room which be small ish but do have a large double bed and a two seater settee   it do not seem that good value though for     a night . the rooms be in need of a makeover , they look like they have have a lot of use . there be no free bottled water , only evian in the minibar which at     for   be pricey . internet access be     per   , also not cheap . i do not try breakfast   there be a starbucks on the corner of the square outside the hotel that keep me in caffeine . the hotel 's location be good for kowloon and there be a free shuttle bus from kowloon mtr station , else its about     by taxi

stay here at the start of july   as part of our honeymoon with kuoni

stay there   night in may   on the executive floor as part of a tour of china . upon checkin , discover a malfunction toilet with a crudely repair patch of wall above the toilet . as note by another traveler , the plumbing also make scary noise in addition to be malfunctioning . when engineering be unable to repair the toilet , we be move across the hall to another room which produce elevator or dumbwaiter noise   the room be not make up until about       each afternoon . aside from those comment , the room be smartly decorate with cream leather furniture and plasma tv , etc . lobby be eye popping with stain glass ceiling and gold sculpture

we book a one night stay here through priceline for the night of june   and be very please with what we get for our win bid of    

nice rooms and amenities with very good location ,   minutes walk to avenue of star , less than   minutes to metro station east tism sha tsui . starbucks ,   right across the mody street . very nice breakfast . very few rooms with harbor view

we have a wonderful time at the regal kowloon . the location be excellent . easy walk distance to just about everything , also quick access to the subway . the staff be great . the bed and the bed be also very comfortable . the only negative be that our hallway smell like cigarrette smoke , but thankfully our room have no oder . there be also a great transfer to and from the airport . very convienant . great experience

stay   night at this hotel . originally , we book a standard twin room but upon check in , the room be n't ready so we leave our luggage and go out . we only check in at night when we return as we do n't want to waste time wait for the room . to our surprise , we be upgrade to their club room and it be really nice . the interior and room size be great and beautiful and there be still a separate 'living room ' area with a sofa and coffee table

we travel to hk in a group of   and stay the regal kowloon hotel from   nov till   nov . probably it be a peak season in hk and we desperately need a hotel stay as we have to attend a wed dinner at nearby hotel , at a price tag of   per room per night , we be definitely expect more

i stay at the regal kowloon for a night with my mum as part of a stopover on the way to europe . our twin room be book through a travel agent

nice big rooms overlook the bay   the decor wasnt great but we not go for that   only major complaint be the awful teabags supply in the room   for a country renound for their tea it be a real let down

first of all yes this hotel be a little farther out of the main tourist area of kowloon but the mtr be only   min walk , and if you walk an extra   min you can be in the middle of nathan rd and all the action . if this bother you taxis in hk be everywhere and cheap

well locate , reasonably price place for a break in hong kong . venture out into the square and try breakfast at one of the authentic local diner â € “ just don â € ™ t expect to have any idea of what you be order

we pay hk     a night for a weekend there , and find the rooms fairly spacious especially by hk standard and clean . the bathroom could be spruce up somewhat , but still satisfactory . the room we get also offer a peek at the harbour , though it feel more industrial than scenic . we do not have much contact with the staff largely because we could not find them ! . the one that we do find at the concierge desk be curt and not particularly helpful    in short , he tell us that there be no dim sum serve in the hotel , and that we be better off eat elsewhere . we do

