i be write this as we be in the place now and i have notice some questionable competition ? bad review in previous post and want to let everyone know the place be   star and meets exceeds standard for comparable hotel

the regal hotel at the hong kong international airport be always a good choice if you need to make an early morning flight the next day . it be so convenient to the international arrival and departure terminals . you can walk there . you do n't have to go outside and wait for a shuttle bus . the hotel offer several excellent restaurant and they be not fast food places . we have an exquisite cantonese cuisine dinner at their rouge restaurant . the rooms be comfortable , quiet and stylishly furnished . you do n't even feel like you 're in an airport hotel

wow â € “ what a great hotel this be â € “ whilst travel from the uk , we have a great overnight stay here on   occasions , be upgrade each time . locate right in the airport it be fantastic if like us you have have a long flight . to be meet by the hotel representative before clear customs be a nice touch , particularly as we have lots of luggage for our holiday . this hotel life up to its   star rating and would highly recommend

i stay one night here before head home from indonesia . it be conveniently locate and when i arrive , the lobby be decorate for christmas ! i have a room on the   floor   part of the upgrade rooms and be really happy with it . the bed be very comfortable and i order room service , and it be tasty . my only complaint be that the shower be the worst i have ever have   no pressure and the temperature keep change

we staye here one night to break up our flight from europe to australia

have stay here alot in the past on an airline stopover , company choice , i be always unhappy with my stays . staff never care , overall cleaniness decor of hotel be poor , and internal room noise will keep you awake for hours . but i do always enjoy the china coast bar and the music singer

the regal airport hotel recently win the award for best airport hotel in the world . it certainly deserve this accolade . most airport hotel be dull , impersonal , dirty and frenetic . the regal be the opposite to these usual trait

i stay there for a   hours layover to india . i book   days in advance to get special rate and also upgrade to the executive club level   floor and up . check in at around   and out at around   the executive level require insert and remove of your key card to select the floor in the elevator . there be also the regal club lunge for the executive level guest to enjoy simple breakfast and also happy hours in the late afternoon with complementary munchies , beer , wine , champagne , and a small collection of liquor . you could also go to the club any time during the stay for coffee , tea , water and other soft drink

great location , just a short walk from the airport terminal . we book a room on the executive floor and the   checkout time allow us a full day of explore hong kong before take our evening flight . the train connection to the center of hong kong be very fast and convenient

i have never be a fan of airport hotel but appreciate they be useful if you have a very short stopover or do n't know when your plane will leave

we have use this hotel several times as a respite between country and long haul flights . it be just terrific . you can walk from both terminal at the hong kong airport it be attach to terminal one . the staff be excellent from the bell hops to the waiter to the front desk to the maid   all be pleasant and eager to help . we be able to store luggage between trip , mail the too many gift we buy home , swim , eat and drink in comfort . we then leave for a   hour flight in great shape . a great place to rest and recharge

we book a suite on the club level with the greet service . have n't get to bed before we leave so be meet and show to the hotel be great . check in be prompt friendly and efficient and the room be prepare for us . the suite be very spacious and the bed be enormous and very comfortable . bathroom be well appoint and everything works . the electronic light control by the bedside be annoying . the wonton at breakfat be a must . take a long swim in the om spa pool top work out the kink after the flight . nice pool     meter down one side to swim laps . all the staff , everywere be focus on provide you with good service . for an airport hotel it be surprising

the only thing good about this hotel be the location . unbelievably hokey lobby some sort of weird cruise ship theme . hard bed , shabby interior , poor facilites , really not that good especially consider the price . ca n't comment on the food as we get in late and leave early . think the novotel down the road might be a better option

stay here for   night with my family to celebrate my daughter bday . i have be look around for hotel with package that be great value for money . i stumble on the regal airport hotel 's     summer caribbean cruise package     for macau and hong kong resident

a sudden change of plan due to the typhoon result in transit through hkia . the best option available be to try this hotel . i manage to get a good deal late night through the counter in the arrival hall and walk via the connect bridge to the hotel . the lobby be huge and check in be swiftly do by a good staff . however , the rooms be very disappointing . they be long past its age and the furniture , carpet remind me of a b    b in uk . bathroom be tiny and toiletry of poor quality . the air condition system be terrible and again of very poor quality with inadequate cooling . bed and mattress be horrible . luckily i have to manage for just   hours and spend a miserable night there . the only positive grace be the good staff and easy access to the terminal building which help me grab the first flight available out of hkg . i would have never think this hotel have win the best airport hotel award . for me , it should only go to the crowne plaza changi . at the most this hotel deserve a   star level

just stay at the regal airport   for  

brilliant place to destress out of the busy city , and just   min to the the city central

i stay in this hotel one night for transit to other place . the hotel be very nice and next to airport . service be good . breakfast be good . room be clean and equip with big lcd tv . fast internet access

the hotel be huge with decent size room and amenities . lot of tv channels and free movies . a varierty of restaurant to choose from within the hotel premises or at the airport in a few minutes walk across a footbridge . the hotel be the closet one to the airport and offer nice view of the runway but it be a bit far from other attraction except those on the lantau island . good soundproof and hardly hear any aircraft noice

great hotel if youre lookin for an airport hotel   breathtaking view of

we spend one night at the regal airport hotel last month . it be extremely convenient to help break up an overseas flight with a night 's rest after first fly nonstop for sixteen hours from the states . we land in the evening , have a buffet dinner at one of the hotel 's restaurant , wash up and have a good night 's sleep before fly out again first thing in the morning

my name be vince palumbo and i be a coach player for the australian stickfighting

my husband and i be stick in hong kong for a few days and need to be close to the airport . we book the hotel through the hotel desk in the arrival hall which give us a good price for the first night . we negotiate the other night and manage to get the discount rate again . it be connect to the airport via a walkway and as it be pour with rain we have no trouble stay dry . our non smoking room have be use by someone who smoke and staff be helpful and move us to another room immediately . the room key keep the light on , the only trouble be when you go to sleep you either have to pull out the key which mean no light on and a fumble to the bathroom or you sleep with light on . three night be enough . we do manage to get the airport express into kowloon which be very easy . complimentary water and fruit be helpful

a perfect airport

i read recently thet this property have be woted best airport hotel in the world belive it be british edition of business traveller magazine . what a lie ! ! ! tasteless interior decoration , rude staff who ignore your complaint mine be about internet

stay one night due to a   hour delay on a cathay pacific flight . check in check out be quick and the room be better than average . cathay pay for the room but the rate that night be ~     which be a bit pricey . there be no free high speed internet   i call the front desk     operator and be rudely tell that internet do not come with room and they hang up on me before i could ask how to pay for it    twice . i have to bring my computer and walk back to the airport terminal to use their free wireless connection . lame

i only stay overnight as i have to catch a plane the next day to shanghai . the hotel be modern and clean and the hotel staff be very efficient . check out be quick and easy . highly recommend if you want a good airport hotel

with the possible exception of the fairmont vancouver airport , the best airport hotel i have evr stay in . facility and service be outstanding and staff be amazingly considerate of teh fact that i be temporarily in a wheelchair

we   adult and   child stay at the regal airport hotel for   hours halfway through a trip from europe to new zealand . we have eight hours in hong kong . just a short walk through the terminal take us to the hotel . checkin and checkout be efficient and the room we have be of a good size , clean and tidy . kid like cartoon network on a good size tv . nice to see a couple of bottle of water supply free of charge

we stay at this hotel for two night because we arrive at   and we be offer an extra free night . we request a non smoking twin room , but somehow we could still smell smoke in the room . there be only one small pillow on each bed , and there be no blanket except one thin velvet cloth . the room be equip with a small tube tv , and the bathroom be filthy , with mold in the corners . the airport be far away from the center of the city , and there 's nothing around the area . i do not recommend this place to anyone

stay here for   nights . the hotel feel 'new ' . clean , trendy     great selection of restaurant     bars . however , the 'standard ' rooms be small

this be the second visit to this hotel within the past   week , enroute to the airport for an early morning flight

a great place for tired transit traveler with a direct link to the airport . so you be pay for the location and convenience . it 's about us     for a room without breakfast breakfast costs an extra us     . the hotel exterior,entrance and hall be luxurious but the rooms be like   star quality so not up to what you may expect base on the rate the exterior look of the hotel . food and beverage be over price so you better have your meal at one of the so many restaurant at the airport

great location , locate at airport . check in service staff gentleman be unfriendly . clean but date room

staff do not display the smallest indication of concern in regard to serve me at any point . follow this when i finally get to see an attendent they inform me that the room that have be reserve for me by cathay pacific for my layover be no longer available becuase they be not take any more cathay passenger

stay for one night at the regal airport hotel in transit in hk

stay at this hotel during a   layover in hk . select the hotel due to its close proximity to the airport . bad mistake . i could n't sleep at this place . next time , i 'll go into the city

we stay   night in regal airport hotel from   may   we be there for a business convention

i use this regal , as many do , as a transit hotel during a layover   between flights . the hotel be attach to the airport

this be my second stay at this hotel . the first stay they be slow in check in and out but i have drop in on a whim due to be too fatigue to go into hk and have to fly out the next day . i ca n't say enough good about the place . it 's a perfect place to get reset after a long flight . the building be solid concrete and virtually sound proof . the decor throughout the place from the entrance to the interior hall be tranquil and opulent with low light in the right places . they have some nice piano music play in the spacious atrium lobby as my father and i check in after a very long flight from san francisco . check in be quick , courteous , and efficient with no problem whatsoever . not sure why some review be so negative . perhaps some people be a bit strung out from a long flight . long haul fatigue can crush your patience . as for the reviewer who be critical in general of hk customer service , except for one cabbie and shuttle driver , i have not find better customer service and courtesy anywhere on the globe ! i have certainly never have a problem at this hotel and heartily recommend it to anyone

i be book into the regal airport hotel by cathay pacific with my   year old son at   this be our second night run in an airport hotel follow some weather disruption compound by some extreme cathay incompetence   indifference

we stay at this hotel for   hours daytime during a stopover from perth , although we need to stay for   hours , but the cost be prohibitive . it be   for the   hours ! we do n't have any problem checking in , but again , as someone else mention , the hotel desk at the arrival area in the airport be absolutely useless ! we have try to find this hotel on our way to perth , know we 'd need somewhere on the way back , and not one person could tell us that there be a hotel at the airport ! !

locate perfectly just a few minutes walk from arrival

me and my wife have arrive in hk on sit night and our connect flight be on sun lunchtime . we want to overnight somwhere comfortable in airport hotel or somewhere near airport . little do we know that hk have only   option if you want to be near airport   regal hotel and novotel

flight have be move to a later date , but food and accomodation be provide directly from the airline . we be very impress with this hotel ! lobby be fantastic and rooms be so expansive ! the hotel also offer many different restaurant , which be a plus , so many to choose from ! you 'd think that airport hotel could sometimes be noisy and boring , but this be definitely far from that ! it be a good and quick stop over

stay here because i basically have no choice , with a very early flight the next morning . rooms be tiny   like a japanese style     business hotel    with pre molded bathrooms . do n't remember whether the hotel be non smoking , but my room definitely be , and yet the whole place stank of smoke , as well as some other undefined smell in the rooms that make sleep difficult . uncomfortable bed , inedible room service dinner , inevitable queue at reception    this be a   hotel charge   price , but they have a captive audience . i hear that a second hotel will open at hk airport   maybe it will be better

we be put up here one night because of a flight delay . at first , i do not like it at all , possibly because i be in a bad mood from the flight delay . but i must admit they do check in a couple of hundred people quite quickly i guess they get lots of practise

after reading mix review we do wonder what we be go to find on arrival , we need not have be concerned . the hotel be fantastic

i be really pleasantly surprise with this hotel . it 's a   minute walk from the arrival area   club lounge be perfect and it 's open till       the spa be great and betsy give one of the best massage i have had . if you stay on the club floor , you get     off spa treatment which be a great value . nice gym   pretty public area and a nice pool and garden to sit in . room be perfectly fine . i would n't stay there if i be go into town but as an airport hotel it 's great

i travel through hong kong a few times a year . i try different hotel usually for the experience . however , in may of   i do n't have a lot of time and i just want to stay close to the airport . i have hear poor things about the airport regal , but i think i 'd give it a try anyway . what a mistake . very expensive for what you get . modest accommodation , reasonably clean , labyrinthian room location , very slow check in out desk . on top of that the hotel nickel and dime for everything ! i guess that would be ok if the room cost be less , but it be not

they will not honor my book through hotels com     . they tell me that they do not like hotels com and claim that they will send an email to hotels com to complain

i stay at the regal airport hotel for three night on business

i stay at this hotel when i go to visit a client , which happen to be an international airline headquarter out at the hong kong airport . we be very close to the client , be at the airport , but we be far from the city of hong kong . this hotel be quite new and very modern , and get to hong kong be convenient use the hk airport express train . the room be smallish , but very new and clean . i do not eat in the hotel , and spend most of the trip at the client 's headquarters , which be a campus unto itself . this be convenient if you be do business at the airport , but not if you be a tourist or do business in town   definitely a business traveler 's hotel

need a place to crash between an exhaust trip to mainland and flight back to ny the next morning . so i crash at the last minute at the regal instead of drag myself into hong kong proper

this have to be one of the most depress hotel i have ever stay in . due to a flight cancellation i be force to stay in this place . i pay Â £   for single occupancy for one night breakfast not include . have there be a choice i would have go elsewhere but this be the only hotel within walk distance of the terminal building . the staff be unwelcoming , the rooms tired look and the room service disgusting . such a depress hotel . its only save grace be a fairly average gym . unless you have a very early morning flight my advice would be to take the airport express into town and stay someplace else

we have stay here numerous times on route to europe from australia . we have mix feelings about this hotel . the positive being be the location to the airport , basically you just walk from customs through the airport to the hotel . it take approx   minutes . just follow the signs . the negative â € “ something always go wrong â € ¦ â € ¦

we stay overnight at the regal in transit on cathay from new zealand to london . i normally stay in central or kowloon when visit hk , but there seem to be no point in do that for a   hour layover

my experience be very similar to a previous reviewer chaunceygardiner , . i be also on the   floor at the same hkd   rate which entitle me to free internet and health club access , but no regal club privilege available for an upgrade , which i decline

what would you expect from an airport hotel ? flexibility ! ! ! ! ! that â € ™ s all that the regal do not offer . they have a ridiculous cancellation policy of at least   hours before date of arrival . that mean if your flight be cancel or you have to change your flight plan you be in trouble . i have a reservation at the regal last week and i have to change my flight plan but there be no way to cancel the reservation without have my credit card charged . thus , if you be look for flexibility that be definitely not the hotel for you in hong kong . it may be convenient locate at the airport terminal but it be very expensive when compare to much better hotel locate in either kowloon or hong kong island . since the airport express train only take   minutes from the airport to hong kong you be much better of stay far from the regal airport

i â € ™ have stay here before , and it â € ™ s an effective hotel for what it be   transit crashpad . it â € ™ s a reasonable trolley push from baggage claim , and for those of us who fondly remember the old airport an enormous leap forward from the regal kai tak

i stay at the regal for one night during a layover on my way from europe to australia . i choose the regal because of its location at the airport and the close proximity the tung chung mall and the np   aerial tram

the location of the airport to the regal be so convenient , but you should only stay at the regal only if you need to be close to the airport . of course transportation into the city be very convenient , but it still take about almost an hour to get to central

basic luxury hotel in the airport

i be lucky enough to go to hong kong for a week in february to participate in the chinese new year celebrations . i stay with a performance group for   night at the regal airport hotel . i can not comment too much on the price of the hotel , because i do n't have to pay for the accommodation , but i can comment on other things

i consider the regal to be one of the best airport hotel i have ever stay in . the quality be consistent and this be a hotel that be incredibly well managed . i have stay here a couple times and love it . don â € ™ t bother leave the airport if you need a hotel . stay here . the convenience and the quality merit the price you pay

we have a   hour layover in hong kong from london to sydney and decide to book here to sleep shower . it be expensive but we do n't expect much from an airport hotel . the hotel be connect to the airport via an enclose walkway and direction be well marked . check in out be quick and we be impress by the quality of the room and the bathroom . the pool area look nice , but the weather be not cooperative . we do not try any of the food outlet , but it look like there be a lot of option

we stay on the business club level of the hotel . the room be very clean and well appointed , and the club lounge always have a helpful , english speaking staffer available . check in and check out be quick and easy . the hotel laundry service     discount for business club guest , which make costs quite reasonable be excellent and on time . at the business centre we think the hk     fee for printing out from the computer be a rip off

after reading review of this hotel on tripadvisor and other site , i be prepare for the worst . though others complain about poor service , less than perfect rooms , etc . , i find very little evidence of this . instead , i encounter a very friendly and efficient staff and a newly redecorate facility . my spouse arrive before i do we stay our first night at the airport in hong kong before that , and she choose to pay to upgrade to the executive floor , which include a very fast internet connection for my laptop in the room , a full and excellent breakfast , and access to the business lounge which have a few computer for guest use . the location very much suit our purpose after a leisurely breakfast the next day , we change , as plan , to a hotel on hong kong island , where we stay for several night . the airport be a long way from town even with the fast train , so stay here for business or pleasure for several days and commute to the city be not a viable option . however , if you have business for only a day in hong kong or kowloon , stay here may be very convenient . i 'd stay here again if i need to be at the airport very early or very late . i do find that if i book on line directly with the hotel through the regal book site that they often offer an advance pre paid book internet special that be far less than the rates of traditional book services . maybe it be an unusual experience or the fact that we upgrade to the executive floor , but we very much enjoy our brief stay and be a bit sorry to leave

i stay here   for   days . i receive a discount rate of approximately   , which amount to about   us . this hotel be not a   star us standard . i would give it maybe a   star , it feel more like a holiday inn type room . it be bigger than a normal size hong kong room , but no fancy soap or shampoo , just your basic amenities . i be in agreement with the majority of the review , this be an overprice hotel for a standard room . if your flight leave at       in the morning you might consider stay here , but with the convenience of the subway and bus , you have a better choice of hotel elsewhere . also review your bill or have maid or somebody go thru room with you after you check out if possible , i receive an extra       us     hk charge on my credit card bill this be not for the room tax nor     service charge . these   item be add to   credit card charge i have no clue what this be for as i avoid the overprice mini bar and take none of their amenities or towels . i not plan to dispute the charge because the hassle of get refund will just aggravate me more , but for the rest of you , please beware

we be pleasantly surprise by the regal airport hotel . large spotlessly clean room , big size bathroom with great shower , king size bed and lots of channel on tv , lunch buffet have lots of food veriety

we stay at conrad for only hk     , but we have to pay hk     for our last night in hk , in order to catch the early fly . the hotel be not the same class as conrad , it be really over price

i too often have to stay there , due to my flight schedule

i have read many bad review about this property , so i be prepare for the worst . i be very pleasantly surprised . i book my room through asiarooms for a very reasonable     usd include tax i have see review from people who have pay double and even triple this price and request a non smoking king with runway view . i be expect to get none of my request meet base on the low rate i pay and to be relegate to the worst rooms in the hotel like you get when book thru priceline . wow   every request be meet and as an add bonus we be give a great corner room which angle out like a pie wedge make be much larger than almost all the other rooms . the front desk agent give us her business card at check in and say to call her if there be anything she could do to make our stay more pleasurable . be this really the same hotel everyone complain about ?

have arrive in hong kong from london en route back to australia i have no choice but to stay at regal airport hotel even though i feel price be a bit high  

we get our room for   for the night at agency rates . we arrive at   and be fly out at   so an airport hotel be essential

like most people we stay overnight here between flight   arrive around   pm on a thursday evening and leave   be the next morning , go home

stay each time when pass through hk on business trip for the past   years now which be about twice a month . my last   stay in december and the one just last friday be horrid ! seem the service have disappear completely . staff be just rude and obnoxious throughout . on check out i ask to speak with the general manager as i really feel insult by the front staff but be keep wait in lobby for close to an hour only to be tell the general manager be too busy ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! disgraceful management !

we stay one night between our flight from australia to north america and arrive late in the evening . the room temperature never rise above   degree celcius and the shower taps be break and therefore shower temperature adjustment be extremely difficult . service be just ok and the breakfast which be include in our package be pretty good . for the price of the room we do not feel we receive good value at all . room be clean but bed be like sleeping on a sheet of plywood and there be no face cloth

like so many others , stay here for one night so i could catch a morning flight next day

like everyone else who have to stay at the regal , i have to stay there because of an early morning flight . thus , i have no choice but to pay inflated price for the privilege of bunk down for the evening

