why be it you can stay in a   hotel in hk or china and not pay for wifi access , but at the more expensive hotel they charge an extra ~     a day ? when i ask about this at the front desk or the renaissance , the person i be speak with refer me to a manager and he be very indifferent and arrogant about the issue . my point be that the room rate should have cover some wifi access , even if only in the lobby as with many hotel in china

hotel be large and nice . location next to the convention center make this a primarily business hotel , but we choose this hotel for holiday leisure travel because they have a promo rate and the location be ideal for shopping , with causeway bay just one mtr stop away and tsim sha tsui just across the harbor via star ferry

i spend one night here en route to china . it be really easy for the star ferry to zhuhai , which be our reason for stay here . there be a free shuttle bus

this hotel be fabulous , the view over the harbour be breath taking . far to busy sight seeing to take advantage of the outdoor swim pool on the   floor ! ! ! staff pleasant and rooms great

beautiful hotel locate on hong kong island just minutes away from the star ferry . check in be on the second floor , it be fast and friendly . my room be on the   floor and have a partial harbour view . room be small and compact . large double bed , sofa , nice tv with limited english channels . mini bar which i do not use . bathroom clean , except for some mold around the bath tub . the room be do in dark woods and glass , very appealing . huge windows to look out at the harbour and traffic below

i stay twice at the renaissance   once in an old run down room which be really old and once in a renovate , comfy , elegant room . make sure they do n't put you in one of the old rooms . they be usually on the highest floor and they tell me at the check in     we upgrade you to the executive level    . which actually mean     we give you an old room    . as marriott gold member , i have access to the exec lounge on the top floor which be great . fantastic view , good drink , great breakfast . also the location be great with the ferry to kowloon in front of the hotel and topclass nightlife in walk distance

nothing more to elaborate , average stay but good location and view

stay with good connections . hope the room from seaside . find the general manager of hotel from handle bar

i am sure there be swankier hotel on hong kong island but this property be still very nice . the view on the harbor side of the building from the rooms be spectacular . i am sure the manderin , the jw marriott or the conrad be newer and fancier . i spend the weekend here and stay in a renovate room give up the club level older room . the club lounge be nice but not fantastic . the hotel be not walk distance from much except for the ferry to kowloon but taxis be plentiful and cheap so it not matter . the taxi ride to the big central park mall be only   mins . the employee here be ok   not the best attitude because the place be big and busy   but they be helpful . the resterant by the pool be outrageousiy expensive but the buffet where breakfast be serve be good and price right . i pay about     here which seem like a decent value for a harbor front property . the swankier hotel be at least     more expensive . also useful be the tour bus that stop right out front and the airport bus which do the same

we stay for   night from   november ,   , overall satisfy with this hotel

i stay for two night and have a very good room . arrange for car service from the airport which be well organize and room be clean and modern . i do n't have the harbour view side of the hotel guess that 's why we get a good corporate rate but i feel that everything be high quality in the rooms in terms of comfort and facilities . staff be helpful at check in and breakfast buffet be very good

we stay here for   night in october   and would certainly go back . it 's good value for hong kong and in a great central position

i stay for   night with my girlfriend at this hotel . we get one of the harborview rooms , and the view be amazing . but the toilet have problem and overflowed . they clearly need to fix this place up

even though i be give a     non smoking    room , the air conditioning system of the hotel mean the smoke from other floor filter into my room . be not a comfortable stay , with cigarette smoke seep into my clothing

we arrive from australia at dusk and take the shuttle bus to the renaissance harbour view hotel on hong kong island . we choose this hotel because it be overlook the harbour and close to all transport . we ask for a harbour view room on a high floor in expectation of a quite room and a good view . we be not disappointed . we be show to our room and when the curtain be pull aside , a most magnificent view from the   floor be to be had . the view be a   degree view of a busy working victoria harbour

walk distance to the railway station , very clean , n friendly staff

the hotel be locate almoast just a jump from the beach right beside the beautiful convention centre and be very beautiful in it Â ´ s interior design ! i specially recomend the buffet     specially the breakfast buffet    in the hotel . the choice and variation of food be the best i have ever see compere to hunderets of hotel i Â ´ have be to !

good location   just   min walk from the star ferry terminal and   min walk from the wan chai mtr station by cut through several building via pedestrian bridges

i stay there for   night ca n't recall    for the business conference hold in hk . a great dimsum place near by ca n't remember the name but the hotel must know love the pool , bars , staff be nice      i would stay there again

i stay here with my sister and our children . my room overlook the harbor so we do not have to go outside or pay for the symphony of lights . we see everything from the convenience of our room . this be in the same complex as the convention center . it be in the heart of town so everything be within a walk distance . a mall be in the same building . a wide range of restaurant to choose from and a grocery store   all within walk distance . a short walk to the metro . a short walk to the pier . the lobby be typical streamline renaissance , very contemporary . the bed be very small though , not even a full bed , two bed in a room . i believe this be common in asia . most hotel in asia i have be to have smaller double bed with the exception of renaissance beijing , which be the same size as those in the u .s . lovely pool , just like a garden . the garden pool area have a restaurant that offer buffet lunch and dinner

we stay for the second time . its a nice central local . the room we have the last time be a small odd shape end room tho . the room on our previous visit be larger

on previous visit to hong kong , i 'd always err on the side of value for money rather than luxury , but with some marriott point at my disposal i decide to spend   days at the renaissance harbour view hotel   and i be not disappoint ! hong kong know how to do customer service , and from the moment i arrive i be treat like a star . my luggage be take from me the moment i get out of the taxi , the check in be simple , and i be provide with complimentary refreshment within an hour of arriving . the room look out over the harbour , which as any visitor to hong kong will know be a fantastic vista . i have access to the executive lounge where there be free drink , food and snack serve all day long . the swim pool overlook the exhibition centre be a delight , and the comfort and elegance of my room be outstanding . as for location , you ca n't get more central than the harbour view , meaning that the whole of hong kong be literally at your foot

stay for   night on business and my main gripe be that the room appear ok but smell quite damp . if i could have be bother , i .e . if it have n't be late and i could have motivate myself i really should have ask to change rooms . i have never ask to change rooms before but this be most definitely the closest i have come

i stay at the renaissance harbour view hotel hong kong twice in the last two years . the hotel be connect to the convention center in wanchai . if you be attend a convention the location be very good . the rooms be in okay condition , but in need of refurbishing . the service be very good and staff very helpful . rooms on the water have a very good view . consider the price there be better values in wanchai â € “ the flemming hotel be one . overall , a   star hotel with   star price

stay at this hotel in feb with my wife , i am a platinum card member so i get a lot of freebie like free room upgrade and a gift package on arrival . that be nice but just part of the hotel policy , nothing warm about it

if you ever need to attend an exhibition at the hong kong convention     exhiition centre , then this the place to stay . the exhiition centre be attach to the hotel and be an approximately two minute walk locate through a walkway within the same building

as long time marriott business traveler , we choose to stay at the renaissance harbor view hong kong rather than one of the more local   regional hotel while in hong kong . it be definitely nice to have a familiar feeling hotel to come back to at the end of the day . the renaissance harbor view be on hong kong island overlook victoria harbor and kowloon the part of hong kong that 's actually attach to mainland china . the staff there be wonderful , and give us a great upgrade room with a view of the harbor . even bigger surprise be the fact that the room be on the corner of the building on the   floor    so not only do we get to see the kowloon skyline across the harbor , we could see a portion of the skyline on hong kong island as well . each of the skyscraper seem to outdo the one before     view be breathtaking day or night . i do n't think we close the drape the entire time

from the minute we arrive the staff could not have be more helpful and after a long trip from the uk this be much appreciated . the rooms be clean , comfortable and great value for money . the food be great and service fantastic

the moment you step into the hotel , freindly smile greet you all around and the rooms be very modern and offer all the gadget that be needed . the food be good and the service be effiecient . overall a great experience

good view , great service . nice and clean and comfortable too after a long day at office

it be a delight to stay here from start to finish on our stopover . my beautiful room have just be refurbish   floor if you be go in the near future and have tremendous harbour views . service and staff all great , and the room rate be excellent too . highly recommend

i recently stay on the   floor and my main impression be       musty     it just have this musty smell   the floor and the actual room . it seem like it be due for renovation . tv set be really old i be surprise it even have a remote control and do n't require the manual turn of knob to change channels

i have stay here on multiple occasions and i will continue to on my future visits . the hotel have undergone some recent renovation which give it a very new feel . the lobby be common with what you expect from a renaissance but since its in hong kong , and space be a premium , the rooms be a bit on the tiny

stand above the conference centre and overlook the harbour , this be a quality business hotel in a convenient position for both business and tourism . pleasant bar area with live music in the evening . stunning view   watch out for the eagle ! rooms comfortable and well equipped as one would expect of such a business hotel , but nb we find the signal for wi fi and mobile phone annoyingly poor to non existent in the room   have to retreat to the lobby bar area to use these . also find the room 's sound proofing be very poor   noise both from lift and other rooms be intrusive

recently stay at this hotel for the third time   not sure if i 'll go back or not . it 's not a bad hotel by any means , but there be so many others in hk that i prefer to this one

the hotel be a like an airport , hundred checking in and out eveyr few hours . older rooms , small   understandable for hk but need a renovation . great location . it s a no frill hotel

stay here through an agent , great hotel and great location on hong kong island , ask for a room overlook the harbour fantastic view of kowloon

we do not know what to expect from this hotel after read mix reviews . but we be pleasantly surprise to find that his hotel be fantastic

my wife     i have our   honeymoon in hk and choose this hotel as want to be on the island . we have round the hotel down to three , this one , the renaissance kowloon and the courtyard by marriott . glad we choose here although opposite the star ferry so very good location to travel b w here and kowloon . the courtyard have excellent review although feel it be a little out the way although near admiralty mtr so only one stop to wanchai so location be really not an issue

after a long flight this be a lovely hotel to arrive in

this be our first time in hong kong and we love it ! the hotel be excellent the room be fantastic as it be on the top floor and the windows be huge ! the room be tastefully decorate and very clean we have access to the private top floor lounge with free drinks snacks in the early evening the drink include champagne moet and the memory of sip champagne with the harhour view be long lasting the hotel be very helpful on advise about trip and transport i be recommend this hotel by a friend and it live up to all my expectations maybe it be all the champagne but i would not hesitate to book this hotel again we watch the new years eve firework whilst we be there ! !

stay for two week on business . great location   close to wan chai ferry to kowloon , close to the mtr . hopewell centre at the end of luard rd a   min walk away . lots of store , include a taste grocery store where you can pick up snack , etc  

just have a week at this hotel . problem start at check inn . i be a platinum with marriott and have request two things . a renovate room + harbour view i be give none . so i ask again and be give a harbour view room on the   floor . once up here it be a old room not renovated . the room itself be ok bed be hard and no wireless have to use a cord

the renaissance harbour view be , like so many hong kong hotel , a quality establishment . comfortable rooms , some with an excellent view of the harbour , and excellent facility , include pleasant landscape garden around the pool . service be also very good . only drawback be the construction works take place on the new exhibition centre next door , which detract from the relax pool side atmosphere . the hotel be n't cheap , but offer a good base for somebody want to be near to central , wanchai or causeway bay

nice hotel but building work go on from   in the morning untill   in the evening   days a week

be at this hotel for a convention , so i do n't mind get the older room and not face the harbor for under us     , as i be n't go to spend too much time in the room other than for sleeping late at night . the older room was    old . the bed be ok , not too comfortable , not bad either . it be clean , and that be plenty enough for me . if i be to come back again and would know that i 'd have more time to enjoy the room or the view , i 'd probably would ask for harbor view and renovate room

hotel be in a good location . the room be a little small for the price , but great view . it clean and the staff be attentive . the food be good . but more of the people in my previous group tour stay in kowloon and seem to be alot more convinient

i have stay at this hotel several times in the past     the standard be always good

a fabulous hotel with spectacular view minutes from wonderful shoppingand sensational nightlife the swim pool and leisure facility be the best i have ever used . ca n't wait to return

stay here for   night recently on a business trip to hong kong . have previously stay at the grand hyatt next door , i find this hotel to be below par . yes its a   star hotel oppose to the grand hyatt be a   star   but the renaissance not live up to its name . as you enter the lobby it smell of cheap apple blossom perfume cologne spray . i have a harbour view room on the   floor , which i find to be reasonably adequate in size . have a view over the harbour primarily overlook the star ferry terminal in wanchai

locate in a complex that house the hyatt hotel and the hong kong convention center , the renaissance harbor view have some on the most spectacular view in the city

spend a few month in this hotel while on business travel in hong kong . the hotel be average , nothing special for a hotel in asia . during my stay the lobby be under construction . it 's close to the mtr and central . i much rather stay on hong kong side then kowloon . in kowloon you be mob by people try to sell you stuff and be stick with the tourists . also this hotel be   minutes to old china hand and other bars in wanchai . if your single or here for an extend time , wanchai be a nice cheap place to hang out and people watch

i stay at the marriott renaissance , harbour view hotel in hong kong . the hotel be very well locate in wanchai , very close to the star ferry . people look out for indian vegetarian food can take the ferry to kawaloon and have a meal at the branto or woodland or sangeeta restaurants . all the restaurant be locate close to each other so you can choose from . there be a number of north india non veg restaurant also locate in the vicinity of nathan street , kawaloon

we spend   night here in early august in a superior harbour view room on a high floor . the room itself be large enough for us , in a large double bed , and also for our son in a roll away

stay for a week during the typhoon season not a good idea

myself and my wife stay here as part of our round the world honeymoon

i recently stay at the renaissance harbour view in hong kong and seem to have nothing but problems . the hotel be very nice but our first room smell moldy and drive my allergic wife crazy . our next room be recently renovate and very nice sans mold but our harbour view be directly into the crane at the exhibition center construction site . our final room be great but the constant daily drill and jack hammer be extremely annoying . the hotel notice of some construction noise understate the issue . overall , i will probably not stay at this hotel again . the staff be great but the noise and moldy smell and we be not alone in this observation be too much consider the price of the room . although we ask for an adjustment to our rate it be ignored . we do change hotel to a cheaper renaissance in kowloon that be perfect

greatest thing about this hotel be the location adjoin the convention center and with direct access to the ferry and the subway . it be our first trip to hong kong and we choose the hotel for it 's location . hotel be very expensive , but the service and facility be quite impressive . we have a 'garden view ' room on the   floor which be code for 'we do n't promise you a harbor view' . hotel be build to provide a fanstastic view to most rooms , so our room on the end have a bit of a strange shape . in terms of meal , we particularly enjoy lunch in the lobby lounge hk        this be   course and we enjoy each one . we also try their expensive italian restaurant la scala and my italian husband think it be reasonably good . the garden be on the   floor and be share with the hyatt regency    it 's quite impressive with grass trees , multiple pool and a restaurant that look nice but do not seem to be open when i be there . the fitness room be share with the hyatt and be attend and well equipped . clientel be almost entirely british australian us at breakfast buffet , but at dinner buffet it switch to almost entirely chinese . there also seem to be a large number of airline crew come and going . i really enjoy my visit and would return , particularly if the rate be better

this be one of my favorite hotel in hong kong , and where i typically stay . the view be just fantastic , make sure you request a room with the harbour view , and preferably the club level . at the club level they will give you great service , remember your name , and help you with your travel , reservation , airport , etc without have to be with the mass downstairs in the lobby

i stay here during a business trip and find it to be very comfortable and convenient

this hotel be fine for the price . actually quite a bit cheaper than other hotel on hk island . very convenient location if attend a show event at the convention center , but otherwise it 's a bit of a walk to get to the mtr

even if you do n't know that this hotel be attach to a massive conference centre , you can somehow sense it as you walk through the door . the whole place have the no nonsense no frills atmosphere of a place occupy almost exclusively by foreign businesspeople , who arrive late and leave early , stay for one night only . the rooms be perfectly clean and adequate , but completely non descript and rather date and a little tired in the case of mine , whose cupboard and bathroom sink be scuff and chip in place . everything be design with just enough space for its intend purpose , and not an inch more . the morning breakfast experience be as close as i ever hope to come to be in a factory production line

overall good stay for   days . the hotel location be very convenient to the convention center and the wan chai mtr station . the view of victoria harbour and the hong kong skyline be fabulous . the staff be very cordial and prompt . the service level at the hotel be always good to exceptional . the daily breakfast buffet be wonderful

my partner and i stay here for four night in march before move on to australia . we have check out the hotel website but be still totally unprepared for the amazing harbour view which meet us when we enter our room

i visit hong kong in march   and my wife and i stay at the renaissance harbour view hotel . i book the hotel for three night via the internet www asiarooms com and pay Â £   per night inclusive of breakfast . we arrive at hong kong airport around   and after take the fast train into hong kong central station and transfer to the free hotel shuttle , we arrive at the hotel around   in other hotel i have visit , should you arrive as early as this you would be tell to return at about   not so the case with this hotel , as i be inform that our room be not ready but if i return in about one hour â € ™ s time then one would be make ready for us . we duly return at the suggest time and the pass cards be hand to us for room   the room overlook the garden as the harbour view rooms be more expensive and i ca n't see the point of pay for a view when you only look out of the window a few times during your stay

this hotel 's claim to provide   service be completely ill founded in our experience . the rooms require urgent renovation   here be a few good reason

arrive in hong kong after a   hour flight to this hotel jettison most of the lethargy and jet lag i 'd pick up from sit in a cramp seat

great location for convention centre and wan chai business area . large , high class , fully service hotel which share excellent outdoor facility bar , pool etc with the grand hyatt . particularly recommend the nightly barbeque in the outside restaurant when the weather be good

have stay on several occasions since   either visit hk or in transit to from australia . staff be brilliant and many have work there for over ten years . arrive at   after a long flight from uk its wonderful to be receive by a cheery bell captain say     good morning mr     mrs taylor welcome back . how long be you stay this time ? do mrs taylor need a wheelchair ? i 'll have it send to your room as soon as you have check in . the rest of the staff from every department be equally friendly and anxious to cater for your every need . we have nothing but the highest praise for this hotel and would not consider stay anywhere else in hong kong

we spend   night at the renaissance harbour view in january en route to sydney

hi we stay here on the   jan for   night on our way to sydney . we arrive at the hotel complete with our luggage after a long flight from heathrow . we make our way to the check in area and we welcome by a smart young lady who be apparently a trainee , however , she do have a member of staff with her watch her every move . my travel party consist of me and my same sex partner . we be ask whether we want two singles or a double bed , i ask for a double bed and be ask a further   times what type of bed we wanted . we could not believe what we be hearing . a service industry and they not come across gay people before , for god sake , there be various airline stay in the hotel we werent the only gay people they have come across . we find this very embarassing at check in with the whole of the staff look at us as though we be monster with   heads . we do speak to the manager on the way out with no joy . other than that the hotel be clean , they have complete floor renovation go on during the day . we do find it hard to relax in the hotel in the day if you pop back to the hotel for and hours sleep . my final word be be aware of the evening buffet we ask for the menu at breakfast for the evening meal which they show us but when it come to the evening we be push into the buffet evening meal

we have a week in the harbour view and it be superb . we arrive early sunday morning and in our room within   minutes

we have book a standard room but upgrade free of charge to club . our   floor room have fabulous view , incredibly comfortable , spacious , well furnished . the club lounge provide complimentary cocktail and canape and service there and in the hotel be absolutely superb . the location be excellent too

we stay at the renaissance harbour view on our way back from australia to the u .k . we have be to hong kong before but not this hotel . it be great . staff extremely pleasant . we stay in a superior harbour view and the room be absolutely fantastic   floor to ceiling window with a view across the harbour ! we be warn of refurbishment works be carry out prior to our arrival . a little noisy for a while when we return to our room in the late afternoon , but it do not affect our stay too much . there be a brilliant walkway from the first floor and right across the busy road into the heart of things and wan chai underground station . would definitely stay here again

we have a very memorable stay at the harborview hotel . after work at a child 's home in india , this hotel be an oasis ! however , we immediately realize that , after travel for   hours , we have pick up the wrong bag at the airport ! ! ! ! continue onto a   night cruise would be impossible w out my clothes ! ! ! the staff at the harborview go into gear and almost immediately locate my bag at the airport . they literally put us on a shuttle bus and when we arrive a hotel concierge

arrive in the morning after a long travel from nz . decide to upgrade to a harbour view and it be worth it . get room service and it be good   the staff be very attentive and friendly loved the location   use the star ferry to kowloon several times   . would recommend this hotal anyone

we stay here for another business trip during the new year period in hong kong . after our terrible experience in the mariott chicago , we want to change our stay as the renaissance be a mariott hotel , but we hear good things about the hotel from coworkers so we go ahead and stay there

i book a twin room through the hotel website at a promo rest and dine rate of   hong kong dollar per night inclusive of   hkd dine credit . the rate be pretty reasonable consider that express by holiday inn be go for   hkd

have read all the bad review we be not look forward to our   nt stop over here on the way back from a wonderful   week in australia

we have two rooms for a family of   with   teenager ,we be upgrade to harbour view through our travel agent and have to say that the view be great , the rooms clean ,the bed comfy and the bathroom always stock with clean towels,robes and toiletries they be refurbish floor at the moment ,but start at   and be finshed by   so we be normally on our way out before it start so this do not affect us we love this hotel ,its proximity to the star ferry and the mtr make it a good choice for us the staff from the doorman to the reception ,concierge and room staff be polite ,helpful and nothing be too much trouble it be our son   birthday while we be there and he be give a card and a cake little touch which make your holiday special i would stay at this hotel again,if we return to hong kong

i will be here for   night for business . because of the room it will be and be unbearable . i can put up with a tiny room and mine be actually larger than the average however , the rooms be old and worn out . the wall paper be come off and have mold along the seam and part of the carpet be actually rotted . i hate to plug in the very old worthless hair dryer ,because the socket be surround by mildew and pull out . of the wall with wire expose when i unplug it . stain on the chair and carpet . the night stand and desk be so beat up if you have them at home you would throw them out . there be no excuse for this at     + u .s . per night . pure greed on the part of the owners . needle to say this be very depress

there be lot of problem with this hotel . the rooms be very small and even though the interior on the first sight look pretty there be stain on the wall and on the carpet and even worse there be mold in the bathroom and in the closet . the room have a certain humid smell and the windows can not be open , which make this hotel very uncomfortable for people with allergy

nice hotel good location for subway etc

spend one night at the renaissance on business

what a start to a long trip . the room be very good   new toothbrush every day ! amazing pool and change facilities . lovely meal in restaurant . such comfy bed too

have stay here many times before and never disappointed . staff be great . location be perfect for get around hong kong , ferry , bus , tram and mtr all close . wanchai night life will broaden the mind of most . if you like full speed city but need an oasis this might be the place . rooms be of a good standard . pay the extra for a harbour view 'cos that 's what hong kong be all about . lobby lounge renovation now complete so good place to sit and     people watch    . always good for a longer stay not just a stop over

we stay at the renaissance harbour view for thee night in january  

i highly recommend the renaissance harbor view , locate on the island central side of hong kong . stay here in august   for   in a harbor view and   in a     pool    view room

we stay at the renaissance harbour view in february   and have the trip of a lifetime . it be worth upgrade to a harbour view room because our 's be on the   floor and the view be stunning . the room be large and comfortable with extra such as dress gown and slipper , a safe and mini bar . the staff be very helpful , friendly and courteous and we go on a couple of tours organise by the hotel which be well worth the money . location be close to star ferry terminal and busy shopping area with many restauraunts . nothing be too much trouble for the staff . the outdoor pool be lovely and the bar in the evening be bustle with people and have live entertainment

stay here with my girlfriend for   night before travel to bali

i be on a business trip and stay   night in this hotel . i actually book garden view but be upgrade to a nice harbour view suite on   fl . dinner at dynasty be the best ! ! breakfast be good with fair choices . part of the hotel be under renovation but overall be a pleasant stay

we stay here for   night at the start of a trip to hong kong and bali . have upgrade to a harbour view room an absolute must i be please with the breathtaking view across to kowloon . the pool area be excellent although the view show in most brochure be misleading as you look directly onto the convention centre which be be extended when we be there . staff be reasonably attentive

well place hotel on hong kong side . absolutely must have a harbour view room although the next door conference centre be extend with plenty of building work and the hotel lobby be be refurbish   no discount or prior notice be give to us although to be fair it make little impact on our stay . superb location and views . cover walkway to metro and nearby shops . we eat out of the hotel with breakfast at a deli t the end of the walkway and dim sum and local restuarants cheap and plentiful . nearby ex pat drinking and red light area not too seedy and local street market next door worth the visit . starline ferry a short walk and tram and bus nearby  its very easy to cover hk and kowloon side . use peak tram to get up and then walk round the corner for a bus back down to get the view and quicker exit . stanley market not as cheap relatively primark t  shirts cheaper ! but plenty eat and drink place and easy transport via no   bus . allow plenty of time to get back from aberdeen harbour via the tunnel as very busy . definately recommend the longest mid level escalator trip with then a leisurely walk down through the zoo which be well worth the visit and then exit and drop onto the peak tram  as a sort of trip itinary

this hotel be just fabulous . everything about it be great   the food , pool , rooms , staff helpfulness , location . it be right on the harbour and adjoin to the conference and exhibition centre . the undergroud train be a short walk away and be easy to find through a hotel walkway . we be upgrade to the club floor , where we feel like rich business people , except we have n't bring the smart clothes to go along with it . all in all a great placeto stay

wonderful location and fantastic hotel   real luxury with excellent service and very good value for the price  cant wait to

we stay here for   night from the   february . the hotel be on the waters edge of hong kong island which look across the harbour to kowloon . the staff be very helpful and our room be very comfortable and very clean . our room also look across the harbour and be tope up daily with free bottle of water which come in very handy . the hotel pool look very nice although we do not have time to use it and the restaurant in the hotel be also good . the hotel be next to the star ferry terminal could n't ask for a better hotel

stay two night in the renaissance on they way out to nz and again on the way back

what everyone else have say really   superb view over the harbour , nice rooms , very comfortable

we stay for two days after leave the   more than happy with the hotel and facility , the view of the building works be not the best but would be temporary

i be travel on business and decide to stay central on hk island . only a few hotel have a pool like the rhm which share its out door facility with the opposite hyatt . unfortunatly , the pool be close and there be no excuse . the rooms be very small compare to other hotel in that area . while 'the do n't disturb me sign ' be post out side my door , house keep be interrupt me eight times on a saturday afternoon for no particular reason . even better , there be a huge construction side right next to the door , and the hotel do n't have the curtesy to mention that while book directly with rhm a couple of week prior to my arrival

we thoroughly enjoy our stay at the renaissance harbour view hotel . on arrival we be ask if we want to upgrade to club level at an additional cost , we be so glad that we did . we stay on the   floor with a harbour view which we have previously book . the room and bathroom be excellent , very clean . breakfast , afternoon tea , cocktail and free use of the internet be include with the upgrade all of which we enjoy

the renaissance harbour view hotel be good in the sense that you be give a comfortable room , the food be good and the staff be friendly . yet , the hotel do not seem to have that special something . it do not push that little bit extra to provide truly exceptional service . if you want true luxury i would not recommend the renaissance harbour view hotel but if you want a good location and stunning view it be the hotel for you

my first comment would be that the renaissance have the very best location of any hotel on hong kong island . and since i prefer hong kong island to kowloon , i consider the renaissance to be the very best place to stay

this be a well sited place to base yourself for a few days in hk . we have a few problem with our book , which be suppose to be part of a group book but that somehow get separate ! our   room be a twin one , but when i go downstairs all they could offer be a king room on a smoking floor     which be not ideal . they do offer to change the room the next day and to get the room specially clean if it smell of smoke   in the end it be a good room with no stale smell and with a great view of the harbour and the star ferry terminal . there be plenty of hot water , decent amenities and lots of towels . the room be clean thoroughly twice a day and a nice gesture be the little toy leave on the pillow each night at turndown , which build up to form a small version of the link sculpture in the lobby . the only problem we have one night be when what we can only presume be a 'lady of the night ' who give a most impressive and theatrical performance for a solid   minutes at   one morning in the room next door which be connect to us by a lock ! door   otherwise we have no problem with noise and we be n't sure whether to applaud or cheer loudly at the finale , unfortunately we be then treat to an encore regardless

my husband and i just have a two night stay at the renaissance harbour view in hong kong . we be upgrade to a suit when we arrive , which be a good start . the room be lovely and the harbour view be excellent . there be a bit of building work go on next door with the conference center   but it do n't disturb us at all . the room and bathroom be clean and well appointed . the staff be helpful and the buffet breakfast have everything one could wish for and more

my boyfriend and i recently stay at the ren harbour view in hk for   night , pay for by a cat   travel package through mrp . we receive an inside corner room on the   floor overlook the pool and garden

hotel well situated . service flawless . offer upgrade to executive floor well worth the extra Â £   . the purpose of the trip be primarily business and the hotel be perfect for this . i also take my wife along with me and she think it be great too

fantastic spring weather mid april . take express train from airport cheaper to buy double package and then courtesy bus to outside hotel . for return take taxi to express train terminal , which have quick check in for bag rather than at airport . hotel check in quickly but first room smell very bad but be change after a little while to another similar room . room size smallish and drab as be rest of hotel . however , staff service be exemplary at all times . breakfast very average selection and quality neither good nor particularly bad . ubiquitous filipino group sing bravely in a cavernous entrance area , which ruin any sound . bar food be quick and fresh but tend to expensive as be drinks . very much a business hotel part of the hk conference centre and lack any atmosphere . have a retro look of old style socialist hotel ie block shape , with marble but drab . very handy for one of the star ferry terminal , a couple minutes walk . we get a good corporate rate but would otherwise consider elsewhere for more     character    . the staff be the best part

we stay at the renaissance over new year , we have a fantastic stay , the rooms be small as expect , the service and hotel facility be fantastic , taxis be very cheap and public transport even cheaper , the hotel be literally   min walk from the star ferry and about   min from the train terminal , from wan chai it take about   min to china shenzhen station , be prepare for the culture shift as you get there , we must have travel to lo wu commerical centre on one of the quietest days , not go early as you will simply be follow and hassle more as shop vendor fight for your business

we arrive at the renaissance harbour view hotel in time for the chinese new year . we watch the firework from our   floor bedroom window and it be quite an occasion . we find the service at the hotel be excellent and our room be large , very clean with a comfortable bed , nice bathroom and good view of the harbour

stay at this hotel end of march for   night and it be a truely amazing experience

my husband and i stay here on the first night of our honeymoon and we be very impressed . the receptionist be so friendly congratulate us on our marriage and give us an upgrade to a room with an amazing view over kowloon . they send us up the most amazing chocolate mousse cake , a small bottle of sparkle wine and some

this hotel have a great location right next to the star ferry at wan chai on hong kong island and the tube . it be lovely , with great view and i even get a free upgrade to a suite on the   floor with harbour view . even without the suite this hotel be perfect for location and the staff be very helpful . recommend that you don â € ™ t eat at the hotel coffee shop though as its expensive , if you go into the small shopping centre that be attach there be a small coffee place in there that be cheap with excellent food , the freshly squeeze juice be lovely first thing in the morning

we have just return from a   night stay in hong kong , at the renaissance harbour view hotel . the hotel be a great location , right beside the star ferry and   min walk from the mtr , the rooms where very clean and the harbour view be spectacular , although you be over look the kowloon side the location of this hotel make up for it

stay for three days and be very satisfy with the hotel itself and the location had a corner harbour view on thirtyish floor ca n't remember room number and it be excellent if i be super critical i would say we have dinner in the hotel restaurant and feel it be overprice and lack in any atmosphere however as other reviewer have say there be plenty of option close by

stay here for   night with marriott point in may . beautiful corner room which be unexpectedly spacious for hong kong . overlook pool , and to the peak beyond and have a bit of a side harbour view . very clean and well equipped . public area very nice and live music in lobby at night . we do n't eat in hotel because we be handy to so many place outside . get from the airport with hotel shuttle bus which be fine but as taxis turn out to be good and cheap i suspect a taxi wouldn â € ™ t have cost much more for  

i have a three day stopover in hk   the first time i have be back since it become a sar . trailfinders book me into the renaissance and i get allocate a harbor view room on the   floor . i eat a couple of times in the coffee shop where there be an excellent buffet

i have spend with my family   days at the renaissance harbour hk . we travel with   kid   ,   ,   u live in hk fro   years before and want to take back my daughter where she be born . i know lots of different hotel in hk and want to be on hk side as it be more convenient with the children . this hotel be really good value compare to other hotels . very clean , friendly . we have   harbour view rooms and we really enjoy watch the firework for chinese new year from our rooms . the location be the best . wanchai , next to mrt and star ferry and shopping centres . breakfast be great but very expensive . we end up go to delifrance every morning which be on the way to the mrt

the renaissance harbour view hong kong have a superb location adjoin the hong kong convention center and overlook the harbour above the wanchai star ferry terminal

this hotel be in an excellent location if you be do business on hong kong island . it 's probably walk distance to where you need to go . it 's locate right on the water . my room have a view of the     new    exposition center and tsk

last hotel on a   week trip and we decide to treat ourselves give that price be cheap here . superb large pool . very central hotel near to star ferries . our   moan would be that for a hotel that know that it be go to have a lot of traveller with late flight   they only have   quite poor shower changing room for both sex by the pool area . compare to other hotel such as in singapore we do think that this let the hotel down   but each to their own . other than that could not complain   the service be pretty much over the top with so many staff to help you

stay at the renaissance for   days include new years eve . have a room on   floor with spectacular view up the harbour . could have spend the whole time in the room enjoy the view . great location and easy access to the ferry and subway

convenient location about   min walk from subway and   min from star ferry make this hotel ideally locate for all that hk have to offer . excellent service , friendly and helpful staff . we have hear that rooms in hk be small but be pleasantly surprise to find that ours be actually really spacious . we have a garden view room on a non smoking floor that still offer excellent view of   ifc

we stay at the renaissance as the second half of our honeymoon the first half be singapore

my wife and i stay at the renaissance in july for   night with a further night in august en route to thailand . we receive a warm reception and be invite to stay on the club level with its own concierge and club lounge where we be able to breakfast and have evening cocktail before dinner . of course , afternoon tea be also serve here . the view of the harbour from our bed on the   floor be great and we be able to see the cruise ship as they come in to dock . swim pool and fitness rooms be to a high standard and the food in their a la carte restaurant be of a high quality and serve in an intimate fashion

well , i have stay in a number of hotel worldwide but this have get to be one of the best ! ! the service be impeccable , the hotel rooms be large for hk standard and the facility be very impressive

our family of four   husband , wife , son       daughter   stay at this hotel for   days       dec ,   have connect rooms on   floor with harbour views . check in and check out both seamless , staff friendly and helpful . rooms be clean , simply furnish but not unpleasant , bed be excellent but pillow a bit soft   we get use to them . comfortable wing chair and foot stool that we use to sit in and gaze out at the ever change view . rooms be a reasonable size which be fine as we be n't in them too much . we be there for hong kong , not for the hotel room . housekeep staff be efficient and friendly too . close to star ferry terminal and not too far from mtr . we have breakfast include in our package and could not fault the buffet available each day . also have christmas lunch there   this be outstanding . construction work be undertake at the convention centre next door mean that there be sometimes a bit of noise . it be not intrusive   more a hum and we often do n't even notice it . pool area excellent . we would certainly stay at this hotel again and would highly recomment it to others

this be a vey good hotel . we spend two days here over nye . the room have excellent view of victoria harbour and kowloon , very clean , very well service and spacious . breakfast and dinner at the scala restaurant be excellent and we also have lunch at the all day restaurant which be also very good . we rely on the hotel for our new year 's entertainment   it be ok but nothing major and be very surprising to find that with such a great location , the hotel do n't have a lobby take advantage of it . location wise , wan chai may not be as convenient as central , but still only a   taxi ride to everywhere else , so the price difference with the hotel in central be definitively worth your stay in this area . would definitively stay there again for the same price room of around hk     which for the season i find to be very reasonable for that class of hotel

my husband and i stay here for   week at the end of nov until   december it be a business trip for my husband and therefore pay by his company

i be there for several days on business . in terms of blandness , this hotel be clearly rest on its laurels as be right next to the convention centre . room    average , location    average , staff service    average . if big if there be a convention on at the convention centre , you 'll never in a timely manner get a taxi at the hotel . you 're better off to exit on the harbour road side and walk to the taxi rank about   away where you 'll not wait

i have stay at this hotel since the   's and watch it go through several management changes . the last time be christmas time   sadly the hotel have go downhill and i would not stay here again because

just come back from hong kong , lovely city . anyways we stay   night in the penthouse of jia hotel and then   night in this hotel . i must say i like this hotel more . u can call this a hotel while the other one be nice apartment . u can read my review of jia hotel too . anyaways , great check in and check out people even though now i have problem that my marriot point have not be added . we have   rooms normal harbour view room which be good with nice view but the bathroom be old . the other one be club suite , it be amazing , huge with   bathroom and comfortble design . the breakfast at the club level be basic . would stay here but only suiets not the normal rooms . oh i forgot the ferry that take u to the other side be next to u but the subway metro be a bit further away . swim pool be great also . if anyone need more info u can email me on    

we stay in a harbour view room . the view be excellent , although slighly spoil during our stay by the re furbishment of the convension centre next door , but great view

travel here on the   october for a week . i share a room with my husband and daughter and find the room to be plenty big enough . we be on the   floor and have a view of the gardens . i know everyone say how marvelous the view be of the harbour which they be at night but in the day , especialy when it be hazy as be often the case then the garden view be preferable in my opinion also there be no noise . we eat breakfast one morning and find it to be of a good standard , typical marrriott fair . after the first morning we cross the walkway and go to the pacific coffee house . the price be a lot cheaper and their fresh pastry and coffee be lovely . also they have free internet for customer which be an add bonus

we stay at the hotel as the first stop on our honeymoon . check in be very efficient , it be a large hotel but there be plenty of staff to check us in . they congratulate us straight away and about   minutes after we have get to our room a celebration cake , small bottle of champagne , green tea and a plate of fresh fruit arrive

greay hotel and outstanding staff , club lounge rooms a must for free drink nice food during happy hour with fab view over

we stay at the renaissance harbourview in late september , and be impress by the location and quality of the hotel . however , we find the staff be somewhat keener on extract a profit than on provide old fashioned service . base on past experience , i prefer the grand hyatt opposite

have read all of the review i be a little disappoint to wait around ten minutes to check in after complain to the supervisor that i have be there a while and she be ignore me   and then get a side harbour view above an extremely noisy street , bearing in mind that i be a marriott vip . the room be clean and tidy but a little tired and drab and extremely small room   on all floor   and to be avoid in my view

i have stay in this hotel around   times during   this due to company deal

we spend a week of our honeymoon at the renaissance harbour view hotel and be extreemly impress

stay at start of august this year for   night

we could not fault this hotel which make our   day stopover in hong kong so memorable . we be on the   floor with absolutely stunning view over the harbour to kowloon and the new territory in the distance . the window be floor to ceiling and sit in the comfortable armchair you could lose yourself just watch the pass ship which range from tiny sampan to huge container ships . the presentation of the room be immaculate and the staff make every effort to make our stay enjoyable without be obsequious . centrally locate , this be the perfect hotel for a brief stop as you do not waste time get around , with the ferry almost on your doorstep and a very helpful tours desk in the main lobby we have be recommend this hotel to all our friend and at least   have already book

we travel for   week and this be our last hotel and what a hotel it be ! it be a good thing we do n't stay here first otherwise we would have be disappoint with all the others

love the harbour view ! i be travel with five other friend so we have twin share rooms . whilst a tad on the small side , they be well equip and have king single bed   always a blessing as they be just that extra bit more comfy than ordinary singles . we have spectacular harbour view from our rooms

we stay in   adjacent harbour view rooms for   night in july   the book be make through the trailfinders agency in the uk and include flight to hk and bangkok with gulf air   the whole lot for a very keen price

we stay here in may for   nights . check in be quick , no problem at all

we stay for three days but we could have stay longer . the rooms be okay but the pool be nice . the hotel be close to the ferry to kowloon where we visit daily because my husband have three suit make at sam 's tailor on nathan road . there be a renaissance in kowloon but they do n't have harbor views . there be also a j .w . marriott near hong kong park where i will stay next time because it be in central where most of the nightlife occurs . you must ride the hong kong tram and take the peak tram to victoria peak for the most outstanding view of the city . we spend little time in the hotel because there be so much to see and do . the view from the promenade in kowloon be something to remember

we stay in hong for   night as my partner 's sister life and works here     we find this to be a perfect location for visit any part of     the island    or for get to kowloon , the airport or any of hk 's major attractions . the renaissance be locate in wan chai directly on top of the hk convention     exhibition centre , overlook the amazing hk harbour and across the road from wan chai star ferry pier , with boat take only   min to tsim sha tsui across the water . wan chai mtr station be only   min walk away via a series of interconnect aerial walkway that take you through central plaza skyscraper . for airport access , an easy   min from hk via the airport express to central station hong kong and then   min in a cab . be warn , there be a charge per bag by taxis , but with downtown check in available , this airport transport be fantastic

stay for a   night stopover and be extremely impress

this be the first stop off of a business trip and i stay at the hotel for three nights . the room   floor overlook the harbour and down to causeway bay , could not have be better . from check in to check out everything be problem free . the only downside be at breakfast the large numbers of american flight crew who can be quite loud , have a lack of the point that other people also need to have space , they should review their sloppy dress standard when not in uniform . man in sweaty t shirts , shorts and flip flop at breakfast be not a good way to start a morning   especially when most guest be in nice clean clothes and have to sit on the same seats

excellent . our first hotel on our honeymoon and the hotel be exeptional . ideally locate to get around hong kong island and very close to the star ferry to get over to kowloon . the hotel treat us very well with the service and food be exceptional . a recommendation would be to upgrade to a harbour view with the view be excellent at dawn especially when your try to get over the jetlag . thoroughly recommend

this place be great

stay for   days and ca n't find anything to complain about . front desk staff be cheerful and very helpful . transportation staff outside the hotel could not have be nicer . room be clean and service promptly every day . check in and check out be painless . no noise , pleasant lounge and a great pool area with excellent service and great sandwiches . location be good for causeway bay and happy valley and star ferry be just a short walk from the hotel . mtr be perhaps a   minute walk and there be coffee shop , restaurant and grocery store all within a short walk . all in all a very fine hotel in a great city

we stay there for   night in february and will never stay at another hk hotel again ! the view when we walk into our room be nothing short of spectacular . the entire outside wall of our room comprise of floor to ceiling windows overlook kowloon , parts of the city and victoria harbour . at night this be obviously even better . a hungover visit to the pool one afternoon prove just as fantastic , as this area also provide unobstructed view straight over the harbour   even the surround fence be clear perspex , so the view be available even when lie on your sun lounge . the service be great , our room very clean , simplistic and modern , the bed comfy , the staff friendly and helpful and the price very reasonable for hk

stay at the renaisance for   night in may   i be a marriott reward gold card memeber and have book   night in a standard room with point and   in a club floor harbour view room that i would pay for . i want to make sure the visit go smoothly so i email the hotel before my stay to ask if i could keep the same room for the whole visit and pay any upgrade fee . the hotel could n't confirm this before my visit but say they would make a note of my request . when i arrive one of the guest relations manager check me in and tell me that they have allocate me a harbour view room for the full stay , it wasnt ' on the club floor but this actually work out cheaper than the original rate i have quote ! i could also still use the club lounge anyway with my reward card

we want to break our trip home and decide to stay for   night in hong kong . i use my marriott point and expect a mediocre accommodation . the other   marriott hotel be not available at the time i be booking . when we check in , we request for a transformer as our camera and cell phone and other gadget be   house keep staff who bring transformer beat us to our room

usually we love this place . our family have stay here for the last five years for all the reason outline by other reviewers . we even get to know the staff in our favorite hotel restaurant by name and they remember us . we have also recommend it to others who then recommend to others and so on   

the renaissance in hong kong be locate close to victoria harbour and you can get some amazing view across the bay . we have a room on the   floor and i could have stay in it for my entire trip just watch the star ferry and other boat go by and some amazing bird of prey which fly over the harbour . the rooms be quite small , although they be no smaller than london or nyc hotel rooms and they be clean to a high standard . they be quite masculine in design . the staff at the hotel be excellent and there be always enough staff at reception for there to never be a que . the bar serve great cocktail and some good bar snacks lunch type food . we do n't sample any of the other hotel restaurant but if you do decide to there be some discount voucher in the rooms . there be a swim pool . really enjoy our stay at this hotel and would go back

this hotel be book through british airway as a stopover on the way to australia . the hotel be excellent , staff be very helpful and couldnt do enough for you . we have a harbour view room with exceelent view of the harbour and kowloon . the food in the resturant be excellent and we can thoroughly recommend their buffet . breakfast be great , and beer good . the tour desk be very helpful and the afternoon tea be a must ! ! bed be extremely comfortable and rooms very comfortable and always exceedingly clean . excellent location next to star ferry terminal which be a must for the symphony of lights . if you have the choise over this and the excelsior hotel this be by far the better hotel . an excellent start to any holiday

we stay for   night at the rhv , book through trailfinders   due to the length of our stay we receive a free upgrade to a harbour view room on the   floor , and how amazing be the view ! ! ! right across the harbour . we could have look at it all day and night . there be quite a bit of traffic noise as the hotel be on a busy main road , but we be so tired from sightsee every night that this do n't bother us at all

stay in january for   days on business w husband . stay in a harbour view club room . love the extra services of club level room w breakfast and snack and drink throughout day

have a great   days at the renaissance harbour view . in terms of location , these be the positive   it 's right on the harbour next to the star ferry port the trip from the island , where the hotel be , to the mainland be wonderful , but the trip back be justifiably decribed as     one of the world 's great ferry journeys    . the rhv be also above the massive convention centre , if you happen to be visit for business as i be

decent hotel , recommend pay extra for a harbour view room . have a really nice pool area . bar be a little boring as be most of the public area , good location

stay at the harbour view on a one night 's pointsaver redemption   point . i am only mr silver . i have reserve a basic garden view room with two twins . upon check in , i be upgrade to a corner harbor view suite bedroom with a desk and fax machine , seperate live area ,   bathroom   the main bath be very spacious with a tub and walk in shower . room be in pretty good shape   some peel here and there of the wallpaper at the seams . windows be dirty on the outside . good climate control and overall comfort

i stay at the renaissance harbour view for   days in august , stretch over a weekend . it be more for business , although i meet up with several relative and old friend there as well . it rain for most of my stay there , so it be not an enjoyable trip

arrive in hong kong end of october for our   day stop over to australia . we arrive at the renaissance harbour view and be greet by friendly and efficient staff . we go up to our room and open the door   it be the wow factor ! the view out to victoria harbour and kowloon be amazing . the room be spacious and clean   no complaints . we have breakfast and dinner in the coffee lounge buffet style and again no complaints . we only have two days for sight seeing so it suit us to eat here though we would have like to have dinner at dynasty one night , maybe next time ! the hotel be   min from the wan chai ferry pier and quick to get to kowloon . the pool be also wonderful and we spend a couple of hours chill after check out and wait for our shuttle coach to the airport . would return to this hotel if we ever return to hong kong

the renaissance hotel be the last leg of our holiday of a lifetime . we have decide to end our holiday in style in hong kong . it be a fantastic hotel , we have a superb view over the harbour . the facility be amazing , staff very polite and friendly . would definitly stay here again and strongly advise anyone visit hong kong to stay here . the location be two minutes from the star ferry to kowloon . we stay from the    

