stay with my wife and son   years old . this hotel be in the shopping ccomplex . at the lobby , look out for the florist shop where there be a door which lead you into the shop complex at level   there one can go to a supermarket     needs    to get everything and there be a mcdonald 's too breakfast start at   a .m . . the arena of star be situate at the back of this hotel . from there you can walk to the ferry pier   minutes walk

have be to many city and town around the world we be very happy with everything about this hotel . location be lovely being adjacent to the wonderful sea front with its magnificent light show each evening,and near to the star ferry to take you to hong kong you can easily walk to the many exciting and bustle shops . taxis be cheap . the staff be lovely and very helpful . we choose the club option which be well worth it because we have a complimentary breakfast,v nice , and free hors dorves and drink between   which be beautifully prepare and exquisite  the bedroom be large with shower cubicle and bath,and luxurious bedding .  all in all we could not have wish for any more

i stay at this hotel for   night and it be a pleasant stay . however , during the day times there be some ongoing construction nearby and it be significantly noisy . the room be very standard with a little bit outdated furniture and old style tv set . the bed be good enough   regular marriott standard . i agree with some other reviewer   the ceiling be low but in general it be ok unless you be really tall . the position of hotel be very convenient if you be go to use local transportation   the metro station be right on the corner of hotel and it be really cheap , very safe and clean . i think the hotel have no any amazing view of harbor my room be face only to backyard where there be a pool . anyway , you should walk just few steps to reach walk promenade with really nice view of hong kong island . in general , would reccomend this hotel for short term business stay

the front desk staff from the time of check in be not at all courteous , in fact they be rude . the rooms be small , worn out , and the plumbing do n't even work . the breakfast in the concierge lounge be terrible . they be charge us     for a small , uncomfortable rollaway bed

stay at this property   night for the sole reason that my primary frequent traveler program be marriott . the rooms be outdated , and as a marriott gold level member , i have the club level privledges , but my room be n't on the club level . the location in tst kowloon be not convenient , everywhere i need to go be a   minute walk underground to get to tst mtr station . even get to the elevator from the hotel entrance be a hike , you need to ride escalator up   level then navigate through the lobby area . next trip i am go back to shangri la in kowloon

as other reviewer note the location of this hotel be very convenient for the mtr , tsim tsa tsui , on the loop bus for the airport express shuttle bus to kowloon station , and sit on a mid range shopping arcade with a supermarket

i already leave the review for this hotel  however i stay there again and i though its fair to share my view with you . its will benefit you if you be planning a trip to hong kong . i still think that location be brilliant   the hotel be close to everything , its extremly busy , vibrant and lively . however there be bulding work go on next door world trade centre and the noise be unbearable . even hotel apologise for the noise and distruption   my stay be awful . i could n't sleep , could n't watch tv the programme have distruptions   overwall i find it very difficult to be there . in the meantime i stay in other   * hotel and these days its normal to offer free internet and variaty of different tv channels , however renaissance do n't really improve at all . i be very dissapointed to be honest you have to pay   for   hour of internet ! the service be great   people be very friendly and accommodate but the faciliies be not great . the room i stay in be even smaller then before   tiny , tiny room , no space to move around . lucily i be in hk so i be out all the time

this hotel be in an ideal location for the mtr and the star ferry only a few minutes walk . the actual hotel be a bit date with the reception area be dark and gloomy . if i be to go to hong kong on a special occasion i would pay the extra money and stay next door at the intercontinental if even to have the choice of a harbour view

i stay here for three night as the start of my honeymoon . it be in a great waterfront location next to the splendid intercontinental with convenient access to the subway , numerous restaurant and the waterfront promenade . the price be good for hong kong and my room be clean with a comfortable bed , but the hotel itself be outdated and need a facelift . it have that     's musty vibe with narrow , dark hallway and outdated tv and furniture in the rooms . that be say , if you do n't plan on be in your room much because you will be out explore the glory that be hong kong , this be a good choice because it be cheap consider where it be

we visit for five night , which coincide with the   anniversary of the people 's republic of china , so the best part about the hotel be the proximity to the waterfront to see the fireworks . however , this hotel be not on the waterfront and have no view of the hong kong harbor . the hotel view be completely block by the intercontinental . that hotel charge us     for a hamburger in its lounge with an amazing view . hotel be steps away from the mtr metro . very convenient . there be also a grocery store in the adjacent mall

we stay at this hotel for   night and it be in a really great location . the hotel itself be fine but we treat ourselves and have a club level deluxe and we have stay in other hotel with club level and i do n't think this hotel be worth the extra expense . what you could get in the     club    be not much . the gym and pool be great and it be very clean

as usual in our hong kong trip we stay here for   nights   and it be an amazing stay from all our two previous stay in other hotels   think they be really good one such as langham place   but the best part of this hotel be that it be just in front of the avenue of stars   i love the harbour very much   so nice to have a stroll there in the evening . also there alot of convenience store near the hotel or just outside the hotel . there a mall and loads of place to eat . i especially like our breakfast lol almost everyday at the starbucks   the restaurat in the hotel be excellent   i love the food there . the bar be nice too if u like to spend a nice evening with your special someone and have a drink . the service be good . room be comfortable . there wifi which my hubby always need for his remote work    and clean bathroom . i like the staff they be helpful and efficient . the bed be nice and comfy and   did i mention that the location be the best ? ? hehehehe   nice to walk around the area loads of shopping center and other hotel as well   virtually restaurant everywhere and u not have to take a taxi to go to places   we try the gym too   it be so so   its ok . its decently supplied . they have a table tennis room lol which my hubby and i enjoy coz there less people there . well virtually no other person aside from us   all in all i love our stay ! ! ! will definitely stay there again

spend   at the renaissance and the experience be more positive than negative

just come back from a stay at this

right on the avenue of star with great view of hong kong island and it 's amazing skyline . the hotel be very clean , the rooms be comfortable , and when we have a small problem in one of the rooms we book they solve it immediately . the closest metro station be about a   minute walk from the hotel . wi fi not include though

the room in this hotel be sub standard european small room and i be upgraded . i have a hotel in china that be   the size . the food for breakfast be sub par and expensive . stay at any other hotel i be real

you can stay anywhere in kowloon but if you want easy access to mtr , soho , habor

upon arrival , i be upgrade to a deluxe room , which be spacious , clean , and comfortable . the price   hkd per night be affordable and definitely worth it consider the excellent location

i choose this hotel as i be travel with my old parent so convenience be the key criterion . the hotel be connect to a mall , and a few more steps and you 're already at the avenue of the stars . a few minutes of walk will take you to nathan road and canton road where you can drop dead shopping

i stay in this hotel for four nights . it 's at a great location in kowloon , within a few minutes walk distance of the waterfront where you can get a nice view of hong kong island and the tsim sha tsui mtr station . nathan road be also very close by if you want to shop . my room be really small , with very little space , but hey , you be in one of the most densely populate area in the world . it be comfortable and cozy as well . the hotel staff be pretty professional i think , very fluent in english

i be just try to make a reservation at the renaissance due to everyone 's lovely opinion on ta , but apparently they 're do renovation next year so the hotel will be close for a while   at least between april june  

stay at this hotel jan   for a week , attend a wedding . excellent hotel and location . hotel building be part of a shopping centre . top floor of shopping centre have very good authentic chinese restaurants . there be also a supermaket , handy for water etc . hotel itself have a few restaurants . we have breakfast most morning , however its too slow and expensive for my taste . i would definitely recommend their lunchtime buffet . very reasonable and great choice . i love the fact that you could walk out to the waterfront and see the beautiful view , take one by surprise . also outdoor restaurant along here . nice lounge for drink and snack food . the staff very nice and helpful

good hotel if not a little tired , rooms and the hotel   need updating . ca n't beat the location next to the avenue of the star and nathan road

a family visit comprise   night for   adult and   child require a lot of research to ensure the best possible accommodation without break the bank . the location finally sell me , on the harbour side of salisbury rd , connect to a shopping plaza and connect underground walkway to rail , bus and ferry services with the ease of the 'octopus card ' to visit all the main attraction

my husband and i book this hotel for a holiday . it be in a mall that 's next to the avenue of stars . in   minutes you can walk to nathan road . good service at check in and out , clean rooms not too small with a goodsized bathroom . lots of amenities and water . the price be reasonable . not too busy area , so there 's no outside noise . only disappointment be the small pool . overall lovely hotel ! i 'd recommend this to everyone

great place in the heart of hong kong   i always stay here

the renaissance kowloon offer great accomodations . while the rooms be modest in size , they be by no means tiny . be aware that rooms with two bed do not have a night table between them . they be okay for a couple but might be a tad too close for colleague sharing a room

stay at the rennaissance kowloon hotel from the   of june to the  

we stay for   night prior to a cruise and it be a good choice . the room be not plush , but it certainly be very nice , comfortable and clean . the location be great as the underground walkway to the subway be in front of the hotel and a short walk along the water in the rear of the hotel bring you to the star ferry and that wonderful ride to hong kong island . the coffee shop by the exit to the walkway be a great spot to sit and watch the harbor traffic and take it all in . a great hotel choice for a great city

you probably wo n't find better value for a similar location . it 's a convenient launch pad for everywhere else in hk . the rooms be small , but clean . the staff be cordial . you ca n't go wrong by stay here

i stay here in june   for two night in a superior room without breakfast . this hotel be well locate and close to many things . it 's also inside a mall with a nice little supermarket and a few good restaurants . it 's about   minutes walk away from the ferry to central , and right next to one of the subway stop , which be really convenient

as a first time visitor to hong kong , we find this hotel to be in a great location for us . ¬ † although we have a city view rather than a harbour view , the hotel be locate on the harbour overlook hong kong island , with hollywood walk along the boardwalk accessible from the back of the hotel . ¬ † the star ferry terminal be a short , pleasant walk along the boardwalk and there be a train station locate in the subway , the entrance of which be about   metre from the front of the hotel

rooms spacious and very clean . bed great and curtain at night make the room so dark for peaceful sleeping . staff very friendly and this hotel be in a very handy area . we mostly walk everywhere but the train be just across the subway . bus also at the door . great stay but when checking out i could not get my credit card print that they have take at the time of check in . we be fully pay up month before we go and have use nothing in the room so therefore there should have be nothing to charge us . the clerk say we charge     a night as a deposit . we be there for   night so therefore they hold     deposit on my credit card advise me that it be only a 'block ' on the account and they would send the receipt to my bank   ask first ! ! ! ! !

have an early flight from london heathrow , arrive in hong kong at   go straight to the hotel in the hope that they would check us in early and they did . wonderful person on the desk call kevin help us . room be a good size and be clean and tidy , bathroom be lovely , all grey slate and include loads of toiletry for us to use . be clean everyday by the maid and give us a free newspaper every morning . our room overlook one of the hotel pools . the hotel itself be very grand , really really nice . when we check out they let us keep our bag there until our later flight . concierge could n't be more willing to help . perfect location , the hotel exit right onto avenue of the stars . also great place to watch the symphony of light at   every night . great stay , will definitely be return here again

very friendly and swift check in upon arrival . request king size bed and extra towel couple days before arrival and get a reply from their guest relations officer that request would be granted . at check in i receive the upgrade gold marriott reward upgrade . the room itself be fine , on the   floor , spacious , and above average compare to a lot of the place i have stay in mainland china . very much enjoy their complimentary breakfast in the club lounge on the   floor . continental breakfast choice be vast , with scramble eggs , sausage , hashbrowns , waffle , fruit , bread , bake roll , yogurt , etc , etc . service in the lounge be also very friendly

stay for   night on a work trip

stay twice in one week . second experience much better with front staff a lot more attentive . the breakfast be average and as be the rooms . the location make up for the quality which be likely why they be take their time to renovate the rooms . if you be on a budget     , this be the place . for the size of the hotel , the gym be awefully small and share with an apartment building

the renaissance kowloon be a decent bet for budget mind traveler who do n't mind an older hotel in need of a refurbishment . that say , do n't expect the usual renaissance nicety here   if you get a cheap rate , this hotel be worth what you pay . nothing more

stay here over chinese new year , i stay in   hotel in hk over this period and this be the only hotel to enforce a strict no smoking policy

we have stay at the kowloon hotel , ashley apartment     the salisbury ymca prior to the renaissance kowloon . for about the same price , this be by far the best hotel in terms of room size , quality , service     location despite it be an older property that could do with some cosmetic updating . the room be large by hk standards . clean , comfortable , great bed     sheets . towel be fluffy . complimentary plate of fruits . nothing amiss in the rooms

over the years , i have be to hong kong close to   times . for the last   times , i have always stay at the same hotel   primarily due to location and price . they know me , have my like and dislike list on computer and i never have a problem

i make an on line book under zuji site for hotel renaissance . before i confirm the book for   person , i have also make a check be there any difference in price for   and   person staying . the price quote for         be difference

i stay in this hotel last january   and couldnt have be happier

i have stay here on   occasions . last time i actually read my bill . they ask you if you would like to pay in hk or us dollars . if you say us dollar or whatever be your native currency be they convert it at their rate and it isnt pretty . your cc company already do this at a far more favorable rate . in some instance your issue cc will tack on a foreign transaction fee regardless of what currency its in . always pay in hk dollars . service charge sc or tip be common and be well hide on dine bill so do n't double tip

book this hotel on marriott com for     include tax , which be a steal at the location . it have a grand foyer and great service and all the amenities of a marriott property . the rooms be large for hk standard , though the best thing about renaissance kowloon be the location . location location . it be situate right next to the avenue of the star at the tip of tst and close to plenty of shop and a   minute walk to the close mtr station . give that hotel adjacent to it would be go for twice its cost , i expect to return to renaissance kowloon in the future

we arrive to this hotel in the hotel ‚ Ä ô s van and upon arrival   the hotel ‚ Ä ô s porter come out to assist with our baggage . the doorman the tell us to go to the   floor for check in

large clean room and excellent service , almost overwhelming where there seem to be more staff than guest at times

we choose the property due to it 's location , tsim sha tsui and walk distance to the star ferry and the nathan road area . we be advise of no harbour view , our room over look the swim pool and gardens . we have a standard large room on the   floor . the room be very spacious with table and chair a very large bathroom with shower and bath and a second shower over bath . our stay be one week from christman eve to new years eve . christmas decoration take pride of place with child entertaining in the lobby

this be an excellent experience . the hotel have fantastic service , the rooms be spacious and luxurious but the best thing about this hotel be the location . it be in the heart of the trendy tsim sha tsui part of kowloon . the mtr station and star ferry terminal be just   minutes from the hotel and adjoin the hotel be a large shopping mall call new world centre . the hotel back into the avenue of star and there be a subway system that connects it to the underground , other hotel and the golden mile on nathan road . the staff be pleasant and very helpful and the hotel facility be great

my family of     adult +   kid stay here in   executive club rooms . before the stay , i be n't expect much of a view but i be pleasantly surprise that rooms       not sure about the rest have very good view of the harbour because these rooms look over the intercontinental albeit ca n't see the star ferry terminal across the hong kong island

it be my first time in this particular renaissance i usually stay

once again the marriott chain excels . the renaissance be a superb hotel and we be allocate a huge room by hong kong standard on the   floor , it must have be at least   square foot , which be exceptionally good value consider we book their cheapest rate at around   hkd per night

this be a great value for your money hotel ! the facility be new and clean . bed be crispy clean . bathroom well maintained . staff very courteous . it 's walk distance from avenue of star and from the train station . the only negative be the small room and absence of eat choice outside the hotel

very nice hotel in tsim sha tsui , a stone 's throw from the famous avenue of the stars . i be travel with a friend , we have a large room on the   floor , overlook the street . the bed be spacious and very comfortable , the bathroom be clean even if the bathub be a little too low and not so well lighten , though not very big . breakfast and dinner buffet with a wide variety of food wether western style pasta , pizza , barbecue , english breakfast     and eastern style dim sum , fry rice , sushi     . staff delicious , always smile and available , very warm reception . near to the metro exit   if i am not wrong of tsim sha tsui east , link to tsim sha tsui mtr station and virtually with the whole hk . i would return with pleasure

i spend   night at the renaissance with my   year old daughter . after hearing how small all rooms in hk be , i be pleasantly surprise to see the size of our room . it have a large bathroom with a separate shower and tub . there be a bowl of fruit and complimentary bottle of water in the room which be nice after a long flight from sfo . the bed be heavenly   lots of pillow , very clean , soft white sheets . the shower have great water pressure ! the service in the hotel be excellent . the hotel be attach to a mall that have restaurant and a grocery store . also , you can just walk right out the door of the hotel mall and walk along the waterfront and it be just a short walk to the ferry . it be a great location to view the evening lightshow . the rooms in the hotel do not have harbor view though . only road or pool views . i order room service a couple of times and i do n't recommend it unless you be desperate . i order a burger and also a stuff chicken breast and they both have a very similar taste of some nasty oil . i highly recommend use the hotel limo for airport transportation . it be about     us but it be so easy when i land at the airport , i just go to the hotel counter and they whisk my luggage to a car , give us bottle of water , and we have a comfortable ride in a nice mercedes . then on the way back to the airport , i use it as well and i absentmindedly leave my brand new camera in the car . the driver take it back to the hotel and they email me right away to let me know they find it . they send it on to my hotel in malaysia . i be so relieve ! all in all , i would stay in this hotel again and i recommend it for a comfortable place to stay in a good location and for what i feel be a good value

renaissance kowloon hotel be one of the best place i have stay at . not too luxurious but the service be wonderful . the food they serve at the club lounge be delicious and the people work here be very pleasant to deal with . rooms be not too big , as expect in any hotel in hong kong but they be well maintain and very clean all the time . i particularly love their turn down service . they would even place a piece of mint chocolate on the pillow each night . location wise , it 's a bit off the center but it 's only about a   walk to tst station . overall , i would give this hotel an excellent mark

i just spend this past saturday night   at the renaissance kowloon . as so many other reviewer state , the service be excellent and the location be great . you 're a short walk to two mtr stations , which can connect you to the rest of the city with relative ease

i just come back from a   day stay at the marriott renaissance kowloon and would recommend it . it be locate right on the waterfront next to the intercontinental which be twice the price . i walk to the ferry , avenue of the star knudson terrace , temple st market etc etc

my wife and i thoroughly enjoy our stay at the renaissance . all staff be very friendly and go out of their way to ensure that our stay be comfortable and enjoyable

we travel in a group of   family with two young kid and two senior and stay in two inter connecting family rooms on level   in their club level area

stay for several night on a stop over in hong kong . be very impress with hotel . be be very comfortable , big enough and bed very comfortable . bathroom be nice . pool area be welcome from the heat and nice addition . breakfast be excellent and hotel bar , although pricey be relaxing . hotel have excellent loction on the avenue of star and be attach to shopping mall . nearby to local mrt and several attractions . would defintely return to hotel on next visit and would definately recommend

this be an excellent hotel in a great location . i satyed there with my husband and two kid for a week during august . we take a club level room     which be new and spacious . i highly recommend book a room in the club level as this include the breakfast and afternoon and evening snacks   it also include use the internet

i stay   night at the end of july , begin of august and find the hotel satisfactory in almost every way

i love my stay at the renaissance kowloon hotel . the rooms be a bit small but the hotel itself be beautiful . i do n't spend much time in my room anyway . i think the location be fantastic  just steps away from one of the most beautiful harbor in the world . i think it be very close to the star ferry and the mtr . i would highly recommend stay here if you be visit the beautiful city of hk

on the way back from our   week asian trip , we have a one night stopover in hong kong . we decide to stay at the renaissance kowloon as we have usually find marriott hotel to be very good value for the dollar . the hotel be very nice with very helpful staff . the reception staff be very efficient in check us in . the porter be also very prompt in get our luggage to our room . the staff at the executive lounge be attentive to our need without hover over us . as it be locate next to the kowloon promenade , it be easy to go enjoy breath taking view of hong kong island 's skyline . however , the location be not the best if you intend to use the mtr extensively for your travel within hong kong . although there be a mtr station closeby , it be one for the system previously know as the kowloon canton railway or kcr which serve the new territory primarily . if you wish to ride the mtr line to hong kong island or mong kok , and point north , you have to walk approximately   to   minutes to get to the tsim sha tsui mtr station . you could take the former kcr train at east tst to kowloon tong mtr station and then transfer to the mtr line you need to get to where you want to go but i find that to be a hassle . even the star ferry be about a   minute walk away . in the heat and humidity , a   minute walk can seem much longer . again , great service , friendly staff , but the location be not ideal if you plan to rely on the mtr station at tst and not the former kcr station , east tst , that be nearby

hotel be in a great location , taxi from airport approx ¬ £   four people . hotel transport pre bookable approx ¬ £   each . the hotel be in ideal location for the shop on nathan road , harbour city shopping mall , star ferry terminal , mtr underground over to mainland hk , and to watch the harbour light show , also the museum be nearby . the staff be really friendly , we upgrade to club lounge and stay on   floor and be able to use facility of lounge on   floor , all inclusive breakfast , afternoon tea , drink between   and   and then dessert up to midnight , for approx ¬ £   each night per room . unfortunately we be catch in the typhoon whilst we be there so be not able to use the swim pool , but the gym be really good and use each day by my husband and son . the only down side be the lack of understanding on check out regard the use of the mini bar and we be overcharge for some beers . overall we would definitely use this hotel again as it be great value for money in a brilliant location

very nice hotel in a great location right next to the avenue of star

my husband     i stay at the renaissance hotel on the first leg of a tour on   june

stay here after a bad experience across the harbour at another renaissance . this hotel be less expensive on the club level thanthe other hotel . the room be very nice and the service excellent . the location be convenient to the ferry , mtr subway , and to a lot of shopping . the only drawback be the view to the harbour    it be partially obstruct by an apartment building

i just return from a   day trip to hong kong , singapore and thailand . my travel agent book me for   days at the renaissance kowloon from may     june   it be an excellent stay

of the three marriott property i recently stay at in hong kong , i would recommend the renaissance kowloon as the best for tourist and business traveler on a modest budget . it 's a very nicely appoint hotel locate at the kowloon waterfront and adjacent to the new world center for shopping . moreover , if you 're like me , you 'll appreciate the open feel of the area versus the skyscraper canyon of hong kong . you can enjoy the nightly laser music show among the hong kong skyline at   pm from the avenue of star along victoria harbor . couple that with the street market and shop to explore in kowloon , and you have some great photo opportunites at your doorstep

we have just return from a   night stay at the renaissance hotel , kowloon and think i would share my thought with other traveller

i spend   night at the renaissance kowloon on business in april . it be my first trip to asia and i have arrive in hong kong from manila . after experience the huge rooms at the peninsula manila , i be a bit surprise at how small the rooms be at the renaissance , but understand valuable real estate be in hong kong . the room be clean and functional , though the one area the lack of space be quite noticeable be the bathroom . i find the shower stall to be tight quarters . but overall design decor be update and attractive . we dine at the breakfast buffet which be decent . the lounge be convenient , but nothing special . the best thing , in my opinion , about this hotel be its location as it be part of the new world centre

wow ! talk about hospitality . they really know how to treat customers . the restaurant be also rather amazing , although unlike hotel restaurant here they tend to attract the local as well , who can be very boisterous . if the local like it , it must be something

great location . connect to shopping centre with grocery store and the subway station and bus stop be right in front of the hotel . minutes from all the shopping mall , planetarium , ferry station

excellent property

the location be convenient , just next to a subway stop although find the stop be a bit confusing . we stay on the club level which include breakfast , happy hour and late night desserts . staff be extremely helpful . not sure if the club level be worth the extra money . we be upgrade to a junior suite . room be really big with great bathroom

in february thanks to a business trip , i have to spend   night in this hotel . reading the review , i be convu = inced that the hotel be okay . the first surprise be the   degree in the room and the heat , which be not working . my colleague have the same experience   terribly cold , room without heating . secondly , the hotel need very much to be renovated . the wall be dirty and dusty , the rooms be very small and dark mine 's windows face the small swim pool in the     garden    . the breakfast be really pathetic . overall , very poor for this price , i would not recommend

normally , we wife and i stay at the intercontinental . this time , we be not able to , so we decide to stay at the marriott in the new world center . the reason be two   i have see the lobby on a previous trip and it look decent , and the marriott be close enough to the intercontinental that we could still use the restaurant and other facility

i be just back from hongkong  spent   days and have stay at renaissance kowloon

we select this hotel as it be very central , and time in hk be

centrally locate in the harbor , this hotel will give you a fantastic view , for the good price , in hong kong terms . kowloos be an island that face hong kong island

my sister and i stay at the renaissance kowloon hotel for a week and would not hesitate to recommend or stay there again

we enjoy seven night at this very clean,excellently locate hotel . the hotel staff always present with a friendly and oblige manner . our room be on the club level which i throughtly recommend be worth the little extra cost especially to those who enjoy a good couple of aussie wine after a busy day . the club room also provide an adequate and well present breakfast , and a very nice afternoon tea and supper . along with the evening drink serve between       pm come some quite delicious finger food

we stay   night here in february . the location be good . right on the walk of star , walk distance to the subway and the star ferry

stay at the renaissance kowloon for the chinese new year . we be fortunate to have access to the club lounge facility and these be excellent . good location for this year 's ny parade as it go right past the front door of the hotel on salisbury road . we also watch the new year firework display from the club lounge due to the huge crowd outside . my only real gripe with the hotel be that the bed be absoluetely rock hard not necessarily a problem for some people i suppose . other than that , a good base if you choose to stay in kowloon . this be our first visit to hk , and a kowloon base be perfect for us shopping and market , but if we go back , we will probably stay on hk island for a change of scene . a few tip

my husband and i stay   night and be please with most everything . the room be not huge , but big enough with   large single bed comfortable , lots of pillow , overlook the patio area and pool . clean , many amenities with a modern bathroom and the best showerhead in town , include lots of hot water any time of day or night

hotel be book on line through a travel agent . when i check in , i be ask to produce a voucher which i do not have . i be tell that breakfast would not be include but i would receive a discount rate . when i check out , breakfast be include and i receive the discount rate

i stay here twice a year during market trip to china . great hotel  especially if you stay on the club floors . these be on the top , and rooms be nice size , modern and quiet . no great view since the intercontinental block this hotel from the bay , but if you be in the club lounge you can watch the light in central very easily . club lounge have amazing breakfast each day , and evening cocktail and appetiziers . many night i have make this my dinner even . staff be very attentive and helpful . it become your home away from home , which be nice when spending   week overseas at a time . nice gym on top floor  can be crowd since there be only a few cardio machine , but full circuit of weight as well . business center have internet service , and there be hook up for internet in each room . have not eat at any of the restaurant , but location be good   you can get to star ferry easily for central   also near nathan road and other place to eat in kowloon . connects through new world centre to intercontinental hotel , which be great for a nice lunch or drink

location be great , almost right on the avenue of star promenade . rooms have view over the ‚ Ä ú highway ‚ Ä ù ‚ Ä ì not the most appealing . the room be cold with no heat available , so temperature seldom rise to more than   ‚ Ä ì even in late january when out door temperature go as low as   during the night , this be not ok

my partner and i stay at this hotel from   november  

stay at the renaissance hotel part of the marriott hotel in kowloon on salisbury road . it be very close to everything . stay on the club level and it be excellent . very clean and very friendly staff

have two night in this hotel recently . the best thing about it be its location

i like this hotel . i always get good service and as a marriott gold member , get special perks . i have stay here   time for over   room nites . the location be good in one respect but wish i could stay on the hk island side , since it be much more exciting and less touristy

follow the advice of the other report list here

i recomend deeply this hotel , with fantastic location

my wife and me recently stay at the renaissance kowloon hotel , have a special rate by our company . although we wish a non smoking room , only smoking room with king size bed be available . after one day we change the room that be very small from   floor to another one at   still smoking room because there be too much noise by neighbour so we could not sleep well

top location , ca n't be better    rooms     bathroom be too old , need major face lift . problem with bed bugs . staff not very friendly

we recently stay   night at the rennaissance kowloon hotel and we think we have the wrong hotel as we do n't remember book a five star     but that 's how it feel to us

my wife and i recently stay at the hotel for   nights . the location be fantastic being right on the harbour with immediate access to the avenue of the stars . it be next door to the intercontinental and across the road from nathan road and the peninsular . the rooms be a good size as be the bathroom . the staff be helpful . the location be the best thing about the hotel . it be locate on the harbour and be part of a shopping mall , include a supermarket with direct inside walk acces thru to the intercontinental which have a fabulous lobby bar with harbour view . for the price this be a good value hotel and i would definitiely recommend it . it be not a   star hotel but for the amount of time spend in your room it be great

i stay here use the point saver award from marriott . the hotel location be superb be next to the star ferry , subway , and the high end shop along nathan rd . unfortunately , the location be the highlight of the hotel . even though i request a high floor room , i only receive one on the   level out of   . as a platinum member , i expect a room on an executive floor with a decent view . to be fair , i do get a large seclude room with a nice bathroom but i expect more have platinum status . there be a couple hair on the bath floor but that be quickly clean upon request . fortunately there be a separate shower that be clean . the tv have cnbc , cnn , and several other english channels as well as german , italian , and spanish channels . the biggest fault i find be the rude executive lounge staff . while wine and other drink be offer to other guest , my friend and i be offer nothing . i even get a lecture for request a bottle of water . while i do appear younger and more casually dress compare to the mostly business clientele , that do not mean the staff could discriminate in service . while my overall stay be satisfactory , i would not stay here again if i have to pay money

this be a good value hotel in a very good location . service be good and the rooms be surpringly large . bathroom be quite good as well as we have a separate shower and bath

this hotel be next door to the intercontinental and across the street from the peninsula . both be top hotel in kowloon and the renaissance be in the middle of them . the location be ideal near the star ferry , the subway station , harbor city center , and nathan road . the hotel itself be modern with several english speak channels and a nice concierge level . my only complaint be they charge me everytime i use the at    t access number to use my call card . they also use the wrong exchange rate to convert gbp to hkd . other than that i have a wonderful stay for only     us dollar a night . i would recommend this hotel

stay at this hotel for   nights . everyone we have encounter in hong kong be polite and provide excellent service and also speak excellent english

our family mum , dad ,   year old daughter stay at the renaissance for eight night from the   july   and in all honesty we could not have be happier with the hotel

we recently return form a short stay at the renaissance kowloon and be very happy with it from many aspects . first of all , be a platinum elite card holder , we be upgrade to the club level suite room and this be do before we arrive ‚ Ä ì unlike other place where they tell you its only subject to check in !  check in be quick and we be personally escort to our rooms . the club floor rooms have a private elevator which be really very useful . our rooms be bright and very well decorate and equipped . it have one of the best bed and quilt which give me an excellent and restful sleep   something which i be in great need of ! the lounge can be access by elevator and also by the staircase from the club floors . breakfast be serve and afternoon tea as well as evening snack and nightly desserts . i would have preferred if the breakfast have some asian item as it be purely a western breakfast experience . although the hotel do not face the harbor , the lounge give a view of the building on the other side . the plus point of the hotel be that it be connect to a mall which have restaurant and a macdonald as well and also there be very good supermarket . best part be that you can literally walk out of the mall into the avenue of the star and sit for hours look at the breathtaking scenery  specially in the evening watch the sunset and then the nightly laser show from   something definitely not to be missed . just outside the hotel be a subway to go to nathan road with its myriad of shop etc . the hotel have a shuttle to the airport directly from the door . the staff be one of the best in every aspect . i have to leave earlier than plan and they be most accommodate to adjust my stay accordingly . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone stay in kowloon and i would use it as my first choice be i to visit kowloon again

stay   night in may   , meet by limo at airport . on arrival at hotel whisk up to   floor club level for check in and settle into corner suite before we could blink . room be sensational as be the service for the next few days especially free breakfast , lunch , dinner and grog . pool be clean and wonderful   degrees . lunch buffet at harbourside restaurant be superb and great value at hk       a must do ! ! supermarket at basement floor sell everything include liquor and connect to food hall and underpass to nathan rd and beyond . must be the best hotel for the price in kowloon  service , convenience + , location , safety and luxury . mad to stay elsewhere

we just come back from a   night stay at the renaissance kowloon . the reason we choose this hotel be because we could use our marriott reward point towards   of the nights . we have read the previous traveller review and we decide to upgrade to the executive floor in order to get a better room as we be   adult and   child

stay here in may   nice hotel , nice location overlook the bay . we pay for club rooms which mean we have afternoon tea etc in a nice lounge on our own floor . room be fine if a bit small

we stay at the renaissance kowloon for two days in may and love it . we have book a club class room and on check in , for a very modest extra fee , we upgrade to a suite . i would highly recommend anyone come to hk to pay for a club floor room . it allow you the convenience to eat and drink at any time of the day in the club lounge which be great for us . we find that there be so much to see and do in hk that we realy do n't have the time to spend sit in restaurant , also , drink can be quite expensive in hk and club allow you free drink between      

i can only say , what a nasty hotel . we arrive late on a flight from thailand , arrive at the hotel just past midnight

my wife and i book this hotel for two separate stay during our honeymoon . the first stay be for   night , and another for   night . we find there be a few things that bother us , but nothing that would prevent us from stay here again

we have a great stay at this hotel . we arrive at   from an early morning flight from melbourne and i think we would only be able to leave our bag there and come back . but they check us in and offer us an upgrade to the club rooms for an extra ¬ £   per night which we took . this get us a great room , buffet breakfast , and access to the lounge   hours which have food , few drink yes alcohlic drink as well , free internet etc etc . the room be lovely , bathroom nice and big . can not fault

we stay here   night consecutively then one final night after a side trip to beijing in november  

my wife and i stay here over chinese new year 's ,   for the price it be a great value . service be exceptional . ask for extra towel and they be there in minutes . ask for more ice and it be deliver in minutes . a light bulb burn out and it be replace with in mionutes with one call to the desk do

i stay in the hotel for eight night during   chinese new year . everything be good within the hotel except the colour of your skin might decide the level of service you received . the room be big and clean the carpet be a bit old . the house keep service be excellent . the bar be lovely with good singer every nights . the only disappointment when i be show my australian passport on the check in they treat me very nice and carry my luggage for me . on the check out without passport , the bell boy and the manager be stand behind the desk and do not offer me any help . all my european look friend come behind me get all the services . i can not believe that be the service of the hotel . next time when anyone stay there please make sure you be european . it be embarrassing in front of all my friends . i will discuss with my management team and move the business somewhere else

stay at this hotel as a   night stop over on the way back from aus . the bedoom be so small , low ceiling , very poor . outlook from the window   terrible . no bath . small shower . no room for suitcases . the only good thing about this hotel be the staff   they be very friendly . otherwise avoid this hotel

we choose this hotel as part of a chinese new year 's package book with northwest airlines . the location in tsim sha tsui be excellent  a couple block from the star ferry , and the metro be right outside the door . the room be smallish as expect , but not so small as to be an issue . the king bed be firm , but not rock hard . the level of cleanliness be excellent and the bathroom be all marble . we be on the   floor and it be very quiet

i complete a   night stay here a little over a week ago and be not only pleasantly surprise but think this hotel be very underrated . i have originally book the standard room but decide to get the deluxe room after previous experience with the smaller size hotel rooms in hk especially compare to north american standard . i be extremely happy about   the cleanliess ,   the relative quietness of the rooms , and   the friendly staff . i actually enjoy my stay here more than at the sheraton down the street and would even put it on level peg with the langham place hotel which i also stay at on this trip . the only down note if one be clutch at straw would be the temperamental television and remote control . but all in all , it be an excellent overall experience

we stop at this hotel for   night and use our marriott point for the room , but pay upgrade to club level which offer complimentary soft drink , tea and coffee throughout the day as well as breakfast and   hours of complimentary drink and canape of an evening so well worth do approx   gbp per

this hotel be locate in east tsim sha tsui in kowloon side of hong kong island inside new world shopping center . the rooms be clean and well maintained .   bottle of water be provide each day , since the faucet water be not drinkable . temperature control be excellent . the front desk and concierge staff be courteous and helpful . you can access shopping , restaurant , subway and ferry from well lit extensive tunnel right outside hotel . airport express shuttle and local bus to stanley market stop in front of hotel . local call from room telephone cost hk     per call . traveler check be cash at lower exchange rate than american express office . it be safe to walk around this area at night

hi,stayed at the renaissance hotel kowloon   to   location and hotel excellent would not mind stay here if ever i return to hong kong

i am not sure if all hotel be like this in hong kong , but the room we have , which be classify as     superior    be tiny . we could barely lie down our two suit case ! the floor be cover in our stuff , not because we have a lot , but because there be no room . the bed be only a queen too , not a king like i have requested . also , they say that no rooms have the hong kong view , so that be not optimal either . however the bathroom be nice and large

stay in a deluxe twin room in may   and stay for   nights . this be a brand under the marriott company so you would expect a certain level of comfort and standard . this be a   hotel with the necessary facility , pool , amenities , restaurant etc but the only thing that be important to me be the room rate that i pay as i book an associate rate as i be work for the marriott then

book this hotel with asiarooms , and arrive via the airport express then free shuttle bus , of which this hotel be the first stop at about   in the morning . they allow an early check in , i just need to wait an hour for the room to be prepare

i have a similarly horrendous customer service

we stay for two night at the new world renaissance in kowloon on our way to sanya for our honeymoon in late august   and could n't have be happier with it

could never understand why this hotel do n't get higher grades . first of all , if you like to exercise while you 're travel    a key thing for me    the gym be n't bad , and you have get the kowloon harbourfront promende right outside the back of the hotel . there really be n't much of a view of the harbor from here , because the intercon sit between it and the water , but that 's why the price be more reasonable . the service be good , it 's efficient and clean , and it 's a   minute walk to the star ferry . i have stay here   times and never have any problem

stay in the rnw in august , use marriott reward point , and be not disappointed . get upgrade to a king size room which , although not huge , be very well appoint , spotlessly clean and very well maintain throughout our weekend break . toiletry , bed linen etc all very good and nice little touch like chocolate and fruit in the room

i always try and stay at the new world renaissance when in hk just down to area such as service and

we just return from a two week tour of china , end with three days in hong kong . our stay at the new world renaissance be great . it be a first class hotel . i do n't realize that our room be small   perhaps it was . but it be very well appointed . we eat breakfast in the fourth floor restaurant with coupon provide as part of our tour . the buffet breakfast be outstanding   the best of any hotel on our tour . the location be also excellent , with easy access to the ferry to hk island , the art museum , and the subway system . incidentally , the subway system be very easy to use

my husband and i stay here on two occasion in the summer   with our young daughter , and be very please with our stay . the rooms be nothing special , rather small with low ceiling , but they be clean and nice

stay here for   night in may   and really enjoy our stay

just spend   night on the club floor and i have nothing to complain about . the club rooms be bigger   sq m and , accord to a google search , be fully refurbish last year . they look brand new to me . the club lounge serve a free breakfast , free drink and snack in the evening and free dessert in the late evening . there be even a dedicate club elevator . if you be on the top couple of floor and face the right way you will also get a harbour view

find everything about this hotel absolutely outstanding . i be stay at another hotel prior to my stay in the new world renaissance when i realise i have book an extra night at the new world renaissance and would be checking out a day earlier than expected . i take my details to the hotel and explain same . i do n't have my travel agent details with me beside e mail address . however , they look up everything and sort it all out for me promptly and very pleasantly . they keep extra baggage for me free of charge prior to my move in while i be go to shanghai for   days . when i do check in the service be excellent . even the little touch like sweet on the counter while you be checking in out . my room be lovely , clean and comfortable   a little small like most in hong kong but more than adequate for what i needed . not only be it clean to a high standard , but a manager come round to check that it be clean to that standard . they even offer to remake up my room for me after me use it for a quick nap during the day . i find the restaurant staff very proficient and friendly . they give us lovely warm scarf to wrap round us when we find the air condition a little cool and we only have to ask for a second round of tea once . after that , they be on the ball for refill our teapot . absolutely incredible . even when i have a meal in the restaurant alone , they provide me with a newspaper for my leisure . i just find everything in this hotel to be so spot on and be certainly worth the money i pay for it

this be our first visit to hong kong which have lots of really nice but overprice hotels . we be very please with this hotel especially since we have find such a good room rate . yes the bed be hard , but this be quite typical for hong kong . yes the room be a bit on the small size , also typical for hong kong , but just fine for the   of us . let 's remember that you be not here to spend time in your room . it be wonderful being by the harbour , walk along the avenue of the star each day and have breakfast outside there each morning . if you be look for a really great hotel on the harbour that 's just far enough away from the noise of the main street , this be your place . you wo n't be disappoint

after reading good review about this hotel , i think i have book a really good hotel but on check in night    was not impressed . firstly , i have request a cot for my little baby and have confirm via phone before i depart that a cot be available

the location be fabulous , next to the ferry and the victoria harbour . breakfast be pretty good although not up to par to other hotel in the same price category

stay in this hotel from     and it be great ! i read several hotel review from tripadvisor prior to book my hotel for my stay and new world renaissance top my list . the only negative comment that worry me be that the bed be describe as hard . fortunately , that be n't true or maybe i be just use to sleeping on a firm bed .   this hotel be fabulous ! check in be a breeze and the staff be efficient and helpful . the room be immaculate . i love the little touch they do like get your bed ready at night , leave chocolate mint i love andes ! , and a very helpful weather forecast for the next day . the location of the hotel be superb ! avenue of the star be the just at the back of the hotel , nathan road , ferry terminal , museum be just minutes away by foot    the location be absolutely perfect   just a few minutes away from essential kowloon shopping yet far enough from the hustle and bustle of nathan rd to enjoy a good night 's rest ! i would n't think of stay in any other hotel next time i am in hk

stay for   nights . the morning after we check in , i get a phone call at       from reception ask why we be check out when we be book and pre pay for   nights . the staff have let some person unknown check out under my room number and then give them the imprint of my credit card . no identification be ask for even though they take copy of our passport when we check in ! ! i be require to cancel my credit card which totally ruin any chance i have to shop or even eat in some cases . luckily i have friend with me who be able to feed me . the hotel reaction to my situation be non chalant . they do not seem to care and give me   free drink voucher for my inconvenience . i be prepare to overlook the situation and try to enjoy my time in hong kong where i be touch up as well as my friend . it come to a head when the hotel insist that one of my travel companion supply the reception with a credit card imprint to cover costs during our stay . when my friend refuse because she do not trust the hotel 's security arrangement in regard to credit cards due to my situation , they promptly block our telephone and empty the mini bar . now , i be normally a very lay back person , but they 're action question my integrity and it be their fault in the first place . i speak to various manager to try and fix the problem but still have problems . long story short , totally unsatisfied , hotel room be small and smelly , restaurant and bar overprice and badly staffed,food not that good either . my holiday to hong kong be ruin and i will never go again ! ! ! do not stay at this hotel but if you must , do not give them your credit card

we stay here for the weekend , and be extremely impressed . the hotel be impressive with excellent service , and the rooms be big , clean and very comfortable . the bed be also extremely comfortable . the hotel be conveniently connect to a very nice mall , and the metro be   ft . from the entrance and extremely convenient . i would highly recommend it

superb location for the water front and star ferry . the harbour light sound and laser show every evening at   can be see within   min walk from the hotel

en route london to sydney we stay at the new world renaissance kowloon on the way out and the langham place on the way back . langham place have the best bed we have ever sleep in , the best shower and a real in room coffee machine . luxury ! it 's directly above a shopping mall and mong kok metro . staff be efficient and helpful in both hotels . at the renaissance we be able to check in early , arrive tired from the airport . the new world renaissance probably win out on location . it be a short walk from the tsim sha metro and the star ferry to hk , and be place in the new world shopping mall , with a supermarket where you can buy orange juice etc . best of all , you can walk out onto the avenue of the star and have breakfast at the mall 's ground floor coffee shop , outside if you like , with wonderful harbour views . for either hotel , book early for best rates

stay nov     ,   when i travel i want comfort,safety and a good location to transportation . this hotel provide that

we stay at this hotel for a   stopover en route from sydney to london . it prove to be a great choice . we be upgrade on arrival to a large room on the   floor , complete with armchair and walk in wardrobe . the room be extremely comfortable with effective but quiet aircon and even pipe music in the bathroom very soothe after a long day 's sightsee

fantastic hotel in a good location . right next to high class shopping centre . rooms be above average with great air condition , very clean and courteous cleaning staff . great hotel service all round with a free shuttle to the mtr station which you can then connect straight to the airport train . hong kong should be commend for provide such a streamline service for visitor   fantastic

an excellent hotel in the heart of every thing happen in hong kong

we be more than please with the room , the surroundings , and the attitude of the staff at new world renaissance ! the location of this property be outstanding  it be near everything , include a mall , grocery store , and bakery . the harbor promenade     avenue of stars    , with its breathtaking view and constant activity , be a wonderful place to sit and people watch . do n't miss it on saturday night , or any night , for that matter

we stay at this hotel for   night on the way home from australia . we find that it be well locate on the avenue of star offering an enjoyable evening stroll along the promenade to the main shopping and restaurant areas . this be a bustle area in the evening with busker and entertainment and offer great view of hong kong harbour and island . it be just a short stroll to the star ferry terminal as well and the hotel be right next to the new world shopping centre with a good range of shop

due to stay   night , we receive an upgrade to a deluxe room and be very happy with this room . from what we hear of the size of hong kong rooms this room be large with a queen size bed as well as a rather large bathroom with shower and bath . the foyer be very elegant and we be never keep wait for an elevator as there be   in use . the gym be very well fit out . the location be perfect with the mtr only a   minute walk and the star ferry less than   minutes away . just behind the hotel be the harbour and a great spot to watch the light laser show that begin at   every night . highly recommed this hotel and would stay there again

this hotel be ideally locate   we be able to walk to a number of destinations shopping . fantastic restaurant overlook harbor . wonderful breakfast each morning . get a harbor view room   it be well worth the extra price . ca n't wait to go back

stay at the hotel for   days in april   book the room with   single beds . the room be very small and not really enough space for   beds . pay extra to upgrade to larger room

i stay at the hotel during the easter holiday and i like the quietness of the location . it stay away from the busy nathan road and be a only few steps away from the harbour front promenade . i be impress that the welcome chocolate on your pillow , available bathrobes in the closet and two mineral waters supply daily in the room for a three star hotel . although there be no bathtub , the bathroom become pretty spacious in hk standard

we stay at new world renaissance only because we could n't find any reasonably price hotel during the rugby sevens . the location itself be n't too bad , it be next door to new world shopping centre and close to star walk

