the rosedale on the be a nice value hotel . the size of the room and the hotel be ok . it 's secure and clean . the bath room be clean , addequate and i really love the water pressure . unfortunately we never have a chance to use the other facility so we can not comment on it . the signal to wi fi be poor . they do not provide the drinking water   only if you request for it but the staff of the hotel be lovely and ready to help you   hrs . it definitely deserve its   star

stay here for   week in november   it be a very good experience mostly . the location be on a corner of victoria park . the place be always very clean and the staff be excellent . i have a standard room with double bed , and it suit my need in regard to size and comfort . it have   resturants and a parking level . there be always someone at the hotel lobby it seem to open the door for you . your room key card be need to use the elevator go up from the lobby but not need go down from your room . plenty of room amenities like a clothes iron , iron board , drink , snack , lotion , toothbrush , shampoo , slipper , robe , broadband connection , free in room wifi , safe , etc .

after reading so many review , i have decide to stay there for   for the price i pay ,i suppose it be reasonable in hong kong . checked in and out be ok . but service at the front desk be very cold . maybe i be an asian chinese room be extremely extremely small even though we be upgrade and my husband and myself be small built . bed mattress be very uncomfortable . if you be use to stay in   or   star hotel or be travel with younger child and old folks , please do not stay there . as the walk from mtr to the hotel can be very daunting . i would not recommend this hotel ! !   star !

on arrival we receive an upgrade to a suite as the hotel be fully book , this be a nice surprise     quite a bonus as this include free internet in our room     also breakfast buffet

for the price , i guess this be an okay deal for hong kong . rooms be super small , i 'd say around   sq ft . but clean and the location be great . rooms be also very quiet . hotel staff be friendly and helpful

it 's hong kong   for the value this hotel be excellent . although the rooms be a tad small for north american standard , they be certainly well fit and have a nice bathroom . very clean and quiet . free wifi , good buffet breakfast include in our rate with chinese and western option , bus and tram and taxis right outside the door . little walk to the subway   but close enough   super easy and fun to jump on the tram and head into centre . loads of shopping and food nearby . on a oneway side street   if you take the free shuttle from the airport express train you need to either walk down the alley at the bus stop then turn leave to get to the entrance   or walk back down the street the bus just come and make two right   a little daunting if you do n't know where you be go us , but once you figure it out you 're all set and it 's dead simple . would stay again

stay at the rosedale for   nights . pay cad     a night include tax   service . room rate include free in room internet access , but no breakfast not a big deal consider whole bunch of restaurants  bakery   fast food joint be within   walk distance

i book a stopover with cathay in this hotel . if you be outside for shopping this hotel be very good , if you need to do some work in the room   do n't book this hotel . i stay alone but with two people it must be awful

the hotel be new and well maintained . though the rooms be small , they have good facility like flat panel tv , a bay window with sit , umbrella . i be on the   floor and have a decent view of the mountain , hk stadium and causeway bay . the only thing i do n't like so much be the walk to the mtr station . it 's in causeway way , but in an awkard location . you have to walk up the stairs and get on the overpass no matter which entrance you take

rosedale be the place to go if you want clean , well locate and affordable accomodation in hk . rooms be big enough , bathroom have all the amenities you could have expect for and staff be helpful . i have initially book a guesthouse in the area but have a change of heart . rosedale be recommend by my guidebook , i just go there and they find me a room instantly for a price that be very close to their lowest , advance book , internet fare . only downside be their business centre and its pricey internet connection if you have n't get your own pc

stay at the rosedale en route to a conference in macau and find this place to be very practical for a few days of sightsee , shopping etc

we stay for four night in a junior suite . very glad we get a junior suite because husband and i bring our five year old and   month old boy along . the infant have ample space to crawl around and when sleeping time come we pull out the sofa bed and our older son have a comfortable sleep as well . do n't know where else in hk we could have get such good space for the price we pay

i make a last minute change to my travel schedule . the staff in the hotel be really try to help and most important all response be fast and attentive . i will definately stay in this hotel my future visit to hong kong

we stay there over the weekend . it 's very conveniently locate , especially if you know how to cut across certain roads etc . it take us less than   minutes with our   year old ! to get to park lane hotel area where there be cafe , a   hour supermarket and a certain well know toy shop

i have our nephew who life in hk and be a top banker executive scout the rosedale for us . he talk to the top person he could get and ms k c and i email through month before we get to hk . we get   junior suite and i can only say great comment about everybody and every experience in rosedale

we decide to stay here for our first trip to hong kong after read the review on this website and be very please with our choice . the hotel be in a very central but quiet location just off a main road and can be easily reach by tram or mtr tin hau less than   min walk from the hotel   turn right on the main road and walk past the library

we stay in this hotel in august   we arrive at our hotel from the vigor airport bus which we prearrange along with our hotel through dragonair . we stand around in the airport look for our names on a sign . we be not tell in advance that we have to go to a desk call vigor to get our ride . a nice tour guide see us standing around for   and help us find our ride . then we sit around for another   minutes for our bus

i would highly recommend rosedale on the park . we try to book via the on line web site but it be n't a secure site so we book through expedia . apart from that slight hitch we have a fantastic time , when we check in we be tell that we be go to be upgrade to a larger suite and it be fantastic . we have a seperate bedroom with a very comfy bed and a larger sit room with kitchenette . the staff be all very friendly and we try out the room service and the food be fantastic . we eat breakfast in the hotel and get the buffet for     each , a discount of     because we be guests . i would recomend this hotel for either a long or short term stay

after reading a fair few review on this site and have decide i not want to pay for   star on this trip i settle for rosedale on the park which seem to have pretty good review , compare to the hotel i have previously book which not fayre too well

my boyfriend and i just get back from an   night stay at the

nice bar on the top floor , not too bad a walk to the mtr but nothing special

stay at the rosedale for   night in dec ‚ Ä ô   rooms be smallish , but ok for hong kong . have a suite , which help a lot , but don ‚ Ä ô t expect acres . staff be always happy to answer question etc , but didn ‚ Ä ô t volunteer information ‚ Ä ì e .g . book their airport shuttle bus flight to early to get the mtr , be sit next to the concierge , and as the arrival time approach i ask , just to confirm that the bus arrive at the bus stop   lay by thing outside the hotel . it do not , i have to be on the street about   away not a lot , but shelter street be hardly a main thoroughfare ! . still make the bus . would not recommend this to anyone in a rush , take forever as they have pick ups elsewhere too , and if those guy aren ‚ Ä ô t ready you get later , and later ‚ Ä

okay , let 's give this boutique hotel an exhaustive review because the property have earn a fair shake

i be currently stay here for   night

we stay here for   night in november   the location of this hotel be very good . in causeway bay locate within walk distance of the hong kong underground , which be brilliant . get yourself an octopus card at the customer services counter and travel around be ultra easy and convenient on the underground . the hotel room be a little on the small side but be nicely furnish with a good standard of cleanliness

this be a great value hotel in hong kong . the rooms be not new and the view be average , but if you want a decent size room , conveniently locate , quiet and under us     , then this be the place . a full breakfast be included . the hotel be locate block from the metro station though you have to go up and over some overpass , so not recommend for anyone in a wheelchair or have trouble get around . the rooms be big enough in hong kong you ca n't expect too much . we go for a safer bet and book a suite which give you an extra room if one of you like to stay up late and watch tv   the price difference be not substantial . there be interenet access available if you do not have a laptop

we stay in a junior suite from sept     our room be really two rooms   bedroom and livingroom dining room combo . friend travel with us for only   days stay in the lowest level room which look identical to our bedroom . this be fine for   days , but for   days i be so happy we take the recommendation of someone from this forum to book the junior suite . plenty of space for a longer visit

have a very nice stay at rosedale for   week . everything be in order . i have a junior suite , and it be like have my own small   appartment   one bedroom and one livingroom .   tv in each room . nice standard , clean and bright decorated . i stay at the   floor , and have a small view over towards victoria park channel the kowloon side

if you stay here , get a suite , otherwise it ‚ Ä ô s not worth it . from the website , you can ‚ Ä ô t tell the difference between all the ‚ Ä ú non victorian ‚ Ä ù suite so here ‚ Ä ô s the deal . aside from the victorian , all the suite be the same , the only difference be how high up the floor be and accordingly the better the view . the view from the hotel aren ‚ Ä ô t so hot , so i ‚ Ä ô would recommend go with the cheapest suite , which be a nice size room and twice as large as a much more expensive regular room at the grand . for the price of a junior suite , in a ‚ Ä ú budget hotel ‚ Ä ù you can ‚ Ä ô t beat it . we do have a problem with the reservations . we book over the internet and neither of our two rooms be available when we arrived . we have to take a suite on a lower floor , but , same room , just less of a view and cheaper . the breakfast that come with the room be nice , the people friendly . be prepare to explain to taxi driver how to get there , many do n't know where it is . try show them your room key , it have the address on it

this hotel be lovely . the staff be friendly , the rooms be clean and well presented . services be up to expectation , and the location be superb

rosedale on the park be no longer a best western . the hotel itself be much smaller than expect but the location to an mtr subway station and victoria park be nice . there be store and restaurant within easy walk distance . our room be amazingly small for   adult with full size bags . if you be over   foot tall , you may find the bed to be too short . floor space be almost non existent in a room with two bed ‚ Ä ¶ if someone be sit at the desk , the other person have no choice but to climb over the bed to get past . the bathroom be on the small side too ‚ Ä ¶ almost no counterspace for two people to put their stuff . our non smoking room be very clean , and well maintained . our view from the   floor be straight into an old apartment building so basically we keep the curtain closed . rooms closer to the top of the building have better view over the building we faced . free internet access in the room be a nice touch and if you don ‚ Ä ô t have a computer , they have one available free in the sky lounge on the top floor . the free mini bar consist of   can beer soda on our first night . the staff of the hotel be friendly and professional

the location of the hotel be fabulous as it be only five minutes walk from causeway bay which be the centre of some major shopping . in turn , it be right across the street from victoria park and half a block away from the hong kong central library , which have hundred of computer offering free internet . the rooms be clean and cosy and be equip with every little thing one could need include   a free first round of mini bar good include water and pop , free toothbrush , free slipper , down comforter etc . the staff be friendly , although there be a few minor mishaps due to miscommunications . the lobby be clean and elegant , and everyone try to be as helpful as possible

you can get to the hotel via the   free airport shuttle however , the stop be at regal hotel . and you need to climb up a bridge to get to rosedale . the bridge be a   minutes walk from regal

at a price of less than   hkd which you can find on many of the lastminute book web site , this be definitely great value . rooms be nice size for hong kong and the bathroom include a bath and not just a shower . free broadband in all the rooms be a great plus . they have no smoking floor as well

consider the price this be a very good hotel . the staff be very friendly and happy to help when we need them . free internet access be very usefull even if you can also go on the internet in the library next to the hotel , the location of the hotel be excellent , very close to the park , shopping and the metro . we try the roof bar but it be a waste of time

stay here in october   room be small for   people , average service from the staff . we upgrade to a deluxe room without a inter connect door to excape the noise next door . the deluxe room be exactly the same , same size , same interior except it be in dark wood not beech . if darkwood be suppose to be classier , they need not have bothered . it look worse

stay in the rosedale hotel in january it be top class and wanchai be even better , never forget

