i book and pay for this hotel because they have the feature of double double bed in a room . they even confirm with me that they will give me the room by the time . but when we reach there about   after a   hours flight , be tell that they do n't have one , and would give me a twin room by upgrade my room to the executive floor . the lady who be behind the counter have lots to say about the misunderstanding  which i think be nonsense at that time . she say she will give me the room that i have request , but when we reach our room , it be just   single beds . we be   adult and   child      and it be smoking floor . so we have to phone and fight for our rights . at last , they give us what we needed . room be clean , and big consider in the area . internet be charge at     hours which be very expensive . next to grand century shopping place , convenient . we enjoy our stay

my adult daughter and i stay for   days here  on the executivefloor   where we be check in and for a few aud   per day extra have breakfast in be and drink     snack from   each day very handy to mtr , just   minutes to china , shopping centre next door

we go on a family holiday to hongkong and we stay at this hotel for three days . hotel be lively and always crowded . attach to the hotel be a mall where you can buy essentials . hotel be close to mongkok station which be within walk distance . hotel also run a free bus service at fix times to prominent locations . we love our stay in this hotel

after search thru almost all the hotel in hk kowloon for one which be reasonably price and roomy , i discover that most of the hotel ' rooms be of about   or just slightly more i be disappoint and resign to have to stay in a 'pigeon hole ' of a room for my holiday in hk          until i tumble across royal plaza hotel in the tripadvisor travel forum . one thing which be repeatedly say abt this hotel iwas that its rooms be pretty spacious go by hk standard and be very affordable too . so i take a chance and book the royal plaza hotel for our   holiday in hk shenzhen

pro

i go to hong kong on vacation with my mother , aunt , uncle and cousins . my mom and aunt speak fluent cantonese , so this be a major plus for the whole trip . i be an american bear asian and can understand very little chinese

we spend four night at the royal plaza on our way to australia . the room we have be clean and comfortable with a large bathroom , flat screen tv , fridge etc . check in and out be friendly , quick and efficient

  * all the way . excellent room . outstandingservice   could n't be better housekeeping , concierge , pool , free shuttle to tst . great buffet breakfast . wonderful gym and attendants . connect to large mall with atm machine . we be here for   night and be reluctant to leave

we stay at the royal plaza for   night in november   since we book the hotel as part of cathay holiday package , we get a good rate than we would have get through direct booking . we be upgrade to the club room which be quite spacious . the view be nothing spectacular yet peaceful with the mountain in the backdrop of a few residential buildings . i guess all their rooms offer city views . the bed be comfortable although the ac be a bit too noisy for comfort . the hotel be well connect and have a mrt station at walk distance . the grand century place although not hk 's best mall be still a good place to have a stroll and do some window shopping . the la scala restaurant be good and the buffet be lavish provide a good choice . staff be friendly although the front desk be n't very kind when it come to give a room to us a few hours before schedule checkin . overall,i would recommend this hotel if you be not really particular about the harbour view you be anyway go to travel to the harbour if you be in hk

i have n't be in hong kong for   years and i do n't what to expect after the handover and all . i use to stay at the excelsior in causeway bay whenever i be in hong kong . but this time , i want try another hotel for comparison and find out about this hotel . research quite a bit and turn out that the hotel be well receive by client even outside tripadvisor . true enough , rooms be big for hong kong standard and clean . friendly staff all around . check in be a breeze and the hotel even give me a room upgrade . frankly , i think all the guest be tell that their room be upgrade as part of their marketing ploy . there be a big mall right beside the hotel where there be quite a number of excellent shop selections . the hotel be also about   minute walk via cover walkway connect to the hotel to the mongkook lady market . the flower market road be also about a   minute walk from the hotel . a mtr station be also adjacent to the hotel and another station be about   minute walk . the hotel provide a shuttle bus to another mtr station . i book about   days in advance and get a usd   rate per night which be quite reasonable for hong kong consider the size of the room . a superior room can fit   person comfortably i must say . over all , i would recommend this hotel to those look for a nice , reasonably price , clean and bigger than average for room size rooms . i would definitely stay in this hotel again

i have not be to hong kong previously , so be not aware of what hotel could offer , however i have travel elsewhere . the service in the hotel be excellent . always polite and efficient and friendly . the people could not do more for me , include upgrade my hotel room . the room be very big and comfortable and everything work as it should

locate in the heart of mongkok , royal plaza be adjacent to hong kong 's famous night market namely fah yuen , lady , goldfish etc . although the hotel be bustle with guest , we be serve promptly . the bell boy be the best   besides attend to our luggage diligently , extremely polite and helpful with the direction around the city . the rooms be literally spacious and clean . the hotel be thoughtful on the environmental issue  my applause to that

a very good location , room be spacious ! cleaners also very polite ~ but one of the bell boy be quite rude , once he hear that we speak mandarin , he change his attitude immediately , i think he must be rude to those tourist who speak mandarin

book the hotel after read review on tripadvisor . use www asiarooms com who have the best rates . only after check my book do i discover that the age limit be   email so we do n't have any shock     be tell     hk extra per day . on arrival we be meet by jacky wong , guest services officer . we explain what have happen     he quickly say for that extra cost we be able to have a larger family room . this be perfect     jacky be extremely helpful throughout our entire stay as be all of the staff . the doorman be very courteous     help with taxis     direction

stay here in october   book directly with the hotel for best rates . Â £     Â £   depend on weekday or weekend stay

have spend   week at the hotel a few years back we be keen to return as we really enjoy the hotel and more particularly the location   we get a great deal on an executive club room for a week this time which add to the experience as the room be much nicer than the deluxe one which we have last time   and have the lounge and be just great   no matter how great a hotel room be it 's nice to be able to just sit at a table , have a drink , a snack and chat or read all within a few metre of your door   it be a really nice place to just take a break

arrive   sunday for   night   a very busy hotel . bring up to   floor executive lounge to book in   treat to buffet breakfast   nice     quiet . decide to avail of the executive package extra cost include breakfast , afternoon tea , evening drink , papers etc . it be lovely     quiet away from the bustle of main hotel . able to read the papers in peace ! only have to wait for my room about   hour have previously advise of the early arrival . room absolutely fine     clean . hot water   plenty to soak in after long day shopping . staff extremely friendly     courteous . pool lovely     clean   sunbather note   sun disappear around the building after   la scala restaurant fab selection of food     great buzz . cleanliness superb , elevator button clean hourly . shopping centre atteached super . all in all , a great

each night i check   to   more rooms to try and get a room that would n't aggravate my allergy to mold    asthma be terrible . all the rooms smell of mold . it waste in total more tha   hours of my time . after be tell that they would be upgrade my room , i assume that that mean that i could enjoy breakfast at least for my waste hours of time . but , they be sooooo cheap they charge me     , for a breakfast . what you get for cheap be cheap . further , even the final room i take smell and they have to put some kind of a machine in it . i sleep with a cover over my nose

we stay for   night as part of a stopover package . we be a family of   in   twin rooms , not adjoin or   double       twin room as request but on the same floor     only a few rooms apart so no major problem . the hotel be very plush     stylish with a grand entrance     lobby , lots of marble ! . the rooms be big     really clean with fabulous bathrooms . the bed be large     extremely comfortable ! ! . we eat in the bar at night     the meal be fabulous as be the service , the staff be really friendly , there be large screen show live sport     the atmosphere be great . the location be good , attach to a large shopping centre,close to nathan rd     all the major market . the pool     spa be fantastic . overall a lovely hotel

we decide to book this hotel because of tripadvisor rev , and because it be the chepeast option during our period   oct   .   hkd incl

this be not a hip hotel . impose scarlet marble colums frame the massive glass door of the entrance hall , which be a busy melange of marble , statuary , floral display , fountain and chandelier which conspire to create a clutter and antiquated ambience rather than the sophisticated five star character they be obviously attempting . it probably work well in the   's

i book this on the advice of other trip reviewers . i wasnt disappoint . it be a pleasure to stay there and look fwd to return in the future . the rooms be comfortable and they accomodated my family of   adult and two young child with no problem

we stay there almost every time we visit hk . it have never fail us in terms of services , cleanliness and security . location be good as its near to shopping area , as well as restaurants . love the brightly lit corridoor too

an excellent hotel that be very centrally locate be on top of a metro station and have an adjoinging shopping centre . it be also close to the lady market , the street with all the electronics shop and teh flower market . it also have all the facility and room feature that one would expect from a hotel of this class , plus it have an excellent buffet breakfast

stay at royal plaza with my family and my sister 's family for   nights . price be very reasonable   and yet the hotel give us what you would expect from a   hotel . lobby decor be simple but classy . rooms be clean , facility and amenities be complete , bed be comfortable . the bathroom be adequate and clean too . size of rooms and bathroom be huge , compare to the usual size in hk . have our first dinner at a chinese restaurant in the hotel which be a fine dining place . although the mood be too stiff for our kid even the waiter look annoyingly at my kid who be play with the chopstick , the food be great . location be far from the center of activity in hongkong but go around be relatively easy with an abundance of taxis and tourist bus operator at the hotel . plus , it be close to the mongkok night market , if you like to indulge in bargain items . the only negative be that , due to its location , you will usually be the first to be pick up in the tourist bus route to popular tourist spots , and the last to be drop off on the way back . just a minor inconvenience

we stay here for   night and have nothing but praise

excellent hotel beautiful entrance very elegant , rooms be quite large and very clean , only disapointment be you have to pay for internet . hotel have a free shuttle bus to and from kowloon station to catch the airport express which be great  they also have a free shuttle bus to downtown and harbour town

stay in royal plaza hotel for   nights . room be clean and the service good . concierge , paul ca n't remember his sur name be very helpful and be a wonderful man . he give us lots of information on how to get around and make our stay very comfortable

this hotel be locate in the center of kowloon , mongkok . walk distance to many tourist attraction be one of the reason i choose this place . it 's a great location for people who love shopping ! ! as soon as your hands be full of shopping bag , you can head back to your hotel with walk distance and then be ready for the next round . the room and bathroom be big and clean compare to other standard size room in hk . it 's very quiet , too . for this quality at this price in hk , you can not beat it . where i stay be very important on my vacation and i strongly suggest royal plaza hotel on your next trip

royal plaza provide great service as well as tip     where to eat     shop . it be in the heart of everything and so convient because it be next to the big woman 's market shopping areas . the number one thing be that we feel safe coming home late at night . i highly recommend this hotel to hk traveler

find this hotel after review     comparison oct be very expensive in hk

my family and i stay at the royal plaza hotel mongkok east for   night between the end of august to mid september  

great value for money . this hotel be well locate above a shopping centre in mong kok . the train station be directly underneath and the metro be a   min walk away through the shopping centre . this be a great hotel for tourist who wish to explore the kowloon side of hong kong . the famous market lady market , flower market be very closeby and make for interesting stroll at night . there be a wide choice of restaurant and cafe so i would n't bother eat in the hotel

just back from the wonderful city of hong kong and part of that be   night at this hotel

stay here for   night , have a room on the   floor . room be spotless , staff be very helpful

we recently stay at the royal plaza for our   wed anniversary . it be easily access by the airport express to kowloon and then free shuttle bus   it be very convenient with the mongkok east station underneath as we visit several location use that line and the walk to mongkok station be not very far at all and be shelter when raining  however could be tiresome for small children elderly . we could not find any fault with our   night stay  bed pillows comfortable check in out be a breeze and the staff speak good english and be very helpful , housekeep be very polite and friendly always say good morning and have a great day  and they make up the room immaculately . we highly recommend la scala and the buffet dinner  the variety be amazing , price be excellent for all you can eat , the dessert be amazing . if we do n't have so much to see and do we would definitely have eat here every night . the pool and spa area be great  some people be put off at have to shower before go in it but we take that as excellence on behalf of hotel management for excellence in health hygiene awareness . overall we love our stay and will definitely go back in the future

stay here on a stop over to bali for   night from uk . hotel be great in good location and very plush . we arrive jet lag and basically despite our best intention have to have a snooze . the hotel offer a shuttle to the tube stations include the airport shuttle . get yourself the   hour travel card for the tube , as its good value . ask for a high up room and be cheeky ask for a free room upgrade , tell them its your anniversary   birthday etc . it work for us . staff great and really could not fault hotel . its in northern kowloon , near to many of the market and then end of nathan road . travel tip   go early to the victoria peak tram to avoid crowd , on the way stop by any of the parks to see the tai chi people . peak be great view and a must . get to the     big buddah    and temple and if possible port stanley . the day market be an eye opener but close about   , and of an evening go to temple street and nathan road for shop stalls and food galore . at   every night , there a free light show , and the best view point be the star boulevard . all theskyscrapers have a light show to music , its incredible . make sure you also go on the star ferry that run between hk island and kowloon

we book this holiday ourselves much cheaper than with a t agent we find it very humid to be expect this time of year,we do a lot of research onthe net help heaps,we do d land,ocean park,we also buy visa and go to shenzen   a days shopping they call shenzen copy city and they be not wrong just   min from our hotel by train,everything we buy at lo wu shopping centre   percent cheaper than anywere in h k it be wotrh the trip h k a spotlees city all public transport run like clock work,our hotel spacious room   and d bed staff be helpful and polite stay on   floorwe will be back in dec   to see xmas light and of course shenzen

situate in mongkok over a large shopping mall this   star elegant hotel be extremely well do and a good value

this be my second review for this hotel and the stay be just as good as the first

it be a very nice hotel , clean beautiful furnitured rooms . the hotel have good restaurant and it 's build next to a mall but main shopping street or even the city center be also not far , nice walk . we be glad we have discover it , not expensive worth every penny ! my stay be a five star

we have be in hong kong for   days and   nigths

service be excellent , with the all you can eat buffet breakfast provide an excellent range

we only stay here for two night but wish it have be longer . everything that have be say in previous review be true . we have book a club room and be upgrade to a room at the end of the corridor which , although involve a long walk from the lift be well worth the effort . the suite be brilliant with lovely views . we be surprise at the quality and quantity of hot food in the lounge and only expect it in the evenings . but it be on for most of the day . the staff could n't have be nicer . we could only get a later check out until   and our filght be n't until   but th give us a card which allow us to us the lift and the pool change rooms . thet also invite us to use the lounge with the free benefit until we be ready to leave so we do n't miss not have access to a room during that time . the only downside be the walk to the metro which be a bit long . the hotel shuttle bus be only every hour and it be suggest that we take the number   service bus from right outside the hotel . it cost     and take us right to the star ferry . we do n't wait more than five minutes for a bus . although the taxis be very cheap they seem to get catch up intraffic which the bus do n't . would certainly go back to this hotel next time

we stay for   days in royal plaza hotel and enjoy the place very much   the hotel be connect to a huge mall with verity of restaurant and shops . there be a bus that take you to the heart of hong kong where you can shop , eat and enjoy the views . the bus leave every   min or so and it 's free of charge . the rooms be super clean and fancy . the staff be helpful and friendly . our rooms be on the last floor         which be the executive floor . the location be just perfect

this hotel be very nicely locate in local neighbourhood . and there be metro station in a shopping centre underneath this hotel . hong kong ` s metro must be world ` s most clean and safest . use it to go anywhere you want

very accessible to mongkok area and mtr . rooms huge for the price get a low season early bird discount at     per night . would recommend

my husband and i have just return home from a three week stay at the royal plaza hotel in the kowloon area of hong kong

we stay there for   night and check in around   in the evening . as soon as we get off the airport free shuttle bus , the porter be very helpful and help us with our luggage . then we go straight to the reception and the room be ready for us . the lobby be big , luxurious look and very clean . staff at the reception be very friendly and helpful too , since we ask about the la scala buffet

i stay at this hotel last year and it be fantastic and very reasonable , so when travel to hong kong again , it be a logical choice . the hotel be attach to a large shopping mall , which also have a station , so though the location be not great , its very easy and cheap to jump on the mtr and get around most of the best area

i have a bit mix feelings about this hotel . we arrive a bit early and couldn â € ™ t get a room right away when we arrive they say that please come back after   hours . i totally understand the check in policy and we know we be go to be there a bit early i have send an email inform that if just possible , we would be very glad to get a room . we wait for half an hour in the lobby and see people checking in . i go to the front desk again and ask if there could be a room for us as well and suddenly there was . i â € ™ m glad i open my mouth and didn â € ™ t wait for   hours

my wife i have just return from one week in this hotel . when we first arrive we be very impress with the plush large and welcome reception area . consider what we pay for the room we be very impress at the interior it be worthy a of a five star hotel . the reception be very friendly and invite us to check the executive floor . this turn out however to really be an opportunity for the hotel sell us an upgrade to include breakfast there be no problem however when we turn this down but it be nice to check in in relative as oppose to stand in reception

the royal plaza be in a fabulous location , within walk distance to all the famous markets . it be perfect for shopping . it ia also situate adjacent to a train station so travel around hong kong via their impressive rail system be very easy . the hotel rooms be lovely , and the whole place be immaculate . service be outstanding . the restaurant serve good food , especially the buffet dinner which be reasonably price and a real winner . the extra price for the executive lounge be well worth it

stay for   night and get a great bargain with agoda . check in after a late flight be a breeze , the room on the executive floor be very spacious and nice , if not particularly modern . location be great , very close to the street market of mongkok , the flower and bird market , too

stay the last   night and be very comfortable . i prefer the location as it be out of the tourist traps of tst , and if you do want to visit that area there be a shuttle i never use it . there be easy access to the mtr with mong kok east station pretty much right beside the hotel , actually you do n't even need to go outside . also a free shuttle to and from kowloon airport express station , or it be a short cab ride

i look for age for this hotel , and be refer to it by both my travel agent and a friend who visit a year before . it look very expensive and take me many night surf the net to find the best deal   zuji Â £   superior dbl bed inc .     discount and   day free breakfasts . i book a month in advance , give then a couple of requirement rooms closeby to friend , non smoking , not on ground floor etc and upon arrival , i be greet by a grande entrance and a handful of bellboy eager to greet and help us with luggage . check in be very smooth , and although we pay for the lowest grade room , we be upgrade to a deluxe without ask along with my   other friend ! we be quickly show to our rooms , floor   , ours right near the elevators . huge bed , luxurious bed sheet , gigantic window with a view of the hotel pool below . the bathroom be clean , marble , complimentary soaps etc . there be a mini bar , long mirror , chest of drawers , wardrobe , safe , coffee table , sofa , tv , dress table , office desk and chair,internet , huge curtain and bedside tables . aircon  heat also comp . to rooms everything be free apart from the minibar . it be pure luxury especially when so humid and hot outside

our stay during the new year 's eve be excellent . i specially like the central location of the hotel with the grand central shopping complex and quite close to most tourist attraction of kowloon island

we stay here at the end of may with our   child age   and   . i initially book a superior room at a great rate through www booking com and when we arrive we be offerred an upgrade to the executive club for just a     extra per day

my company put us up at this hotel because of cost and location near kcr train , and i have stay about   or   times over the last several years . at first , i hate it . at times i have run across loud trashy tour group guest with child , ear splitting lounge singer act in the lobby , loud door slam early in the morning by housekeep staff . but after a while , and if i stay on the club floor and can use the executive lounge without too many of a certain     unsavory gluttonous    variety of tourist in it , the hotel can be homey and welcome

i have spend one night in this hotel on a short business trip to hong kong   my first visit . i book an executive room , and be delight to be upgrade on arrival into a deluxe suite which be very extravagent , but nevertheless lovely

we be a group of   adult and   kid and we have book   family rooms , which be quite spacious . the good thing be the location , the famous lady market be just a five min walk plus there be a big shopping mall which be connect to the hotel , which have get a good food court . this hotel have a regular bus service to the star ferry point , so there be no problem in commute too . the buffet breakfast which be a part of the package be very scrumptious and have a wide variety . only while return from star ferry to hotel one have to match the bus timing which be once every hour or one could take a taxi which use to cost hkd   the staff be quite courteous

i have always stay at this hotel everytime i go to hong kong . last year just   the   , stay for   room be very modern , with lcd tv , tea and coffee make facility,fridge , air conditionin , u can set at ur temp . it be at a very central location easy reach of the main shopping market , if u know the area . its beside a shopping mall , so instead of wastin ur money on breakfast at the hotel , just go over to the food court in the shoppin mall , it have a wide variety of choice , and alot cheaper . thers a cinema as soon as u walk through to the mall frm the hotel , which be great . the train be exactly frm the shoppin mall , if u take it to sha tin , it stop at another shoppin mall which be alot bigger than the one beside the hotel . mong gok central be bout   walk frm hotel thru the shoppin mall . or if u cnt b bother walkin , share a taxi , it wudnt jump as it so close so it cost bout hk     overall be a great hotel , for central location , easy reach of anything . wud definately stay ther again

love the fact hotel be next to cinema and shopping mall . mcdonalds and kfc in the food court . easy to get cab to and from hotel . airport express have a free shuttle that run every   minutes between hotel and kowloon station . the hotel also have a shuttle bus that run throughout the day and early evening to tsim tsa tsui next to peninsula hotel . if that be not enough , the mtr mong kok east station be next door and one can travel to new territory , shenzhen , or go to tsim sha tsui east station for a easy interchange to mtr train go to hong kong island . i find the breakfast buffet price to be quite expensive but they do have a great selection . bathroom have good water pressure and hot water , good air condition , and each room have a fridge and mini bar

the staff at checkin be really friendly and helpful   the mtr have free airport bus transfer from kowloon station to this hotel which be a big bonus . great location for shopping as locate next to large shopping centre and mongkok shopping area . good value as well

we pick this hotel after read report that the rooms be good size and at   tall this be important to us . we get a great deal by book through the hotel website and get a   for   night in a suite . room clean and spacious , just a little cool in temperature

i choose this hotel because of the descent reviews . although the lobby be nicely decorate and the rooms be nicely fashion , i feel right away that our every move be be monitored . you ca n't even get on the elevator without someone ask from your name and room number . which i guess be okay for security reason , but when we go to breakfast the next morning someone stand over us until we paid . it almost feel like they think we be go to walk out . it be really annoying . we feel like we be be watch all the time . the electricity in the room would brown out several times a day . unfortunately , i have to make several call back home to check on a sick relative . the connection be poor and i keep have to be reconnected by an operator . i be charge     each time and even after i explain that i be get disconnect they do n't waive any fees . also , i be charge   cent a minute when i be tell that the rate be   cent a minute . when i try to dispute some charge on my bill i be tell that i would be arrest by the front desk manager if i do n't sign my receipt . unfortunately , amex do n't do anything for me . overall it be a miserable experience . it be too far from nathan rd and the jade markets . we have to take   train to get there . the flower market and lady market be nearby , but there be n't the deal that i be expect in china no fault of the hotel . unless you do n't mind the overbear security , the wire problem , the phone line problem , the expensive rates and overprice buffet , i would n't recommend stay at the royal plaza

we stay at royal plaza hotel in april   everything be perfect . the price be much cheaper than any other five star hotel . we get the executive upgrade for about     au extra . this be excellent value if you want internet round the clock , good breakfast , afternoon tea and alcoholic drink in the evening . plus snack more like meal at anytime throughout the day . you would not have to buy any other food the whole stay and it be all very nice . the rooms be large a family room with kitchenette easily fit three people if neededand a deluxe room and very comfortable and the service be friendly and always helpful . the pool spa gym be first class also the location be great for us . one train ride to shenzen   minutes from station under hotel and a short walk to prince edward station to train line over to island etc . a shuttle service be handy to get to tst if you do n't want to get train . the hotel be across the road from flower and bird market which be lovely to visit early morning and easy walk to lady market plus a few other markets . personally i think this be a better location than down in tst which be to touristy and noisy . also buy the octopus card on arrival at airport . it be very useful with transport etc so you do n't need to stand in long lines . i would highly recommend this hotel and will stay there again myself if i go back to hk in the future . i telephone before book and get a cheaper rate than internet price so maybe ring first and check price

we stay for   night in the royal plaza hotel and like it very much . the room be spacious , quiet and the furniture be fine with a safe . there be a very nice swim pool on the   floor and also a good fitness room . internet access be not free however , it costs hk     per hour wire or   hk   per day wire or wi fi and the connection be a bit slow . the location of the hotel be perfect for us . the hotel be attach to the grand century shopping centre which be very practical . the subway run beneath the hotel . in no time you reach the mong kok east station from the lobby of the hotel , through the adjoin shopping centre when stay for a few days , buy an octopus card for the mtr , bus , ferry line ,   supermarket etc . , hk   include a refundable hk   deposit . unlike other review suggest i believe the railway line be extend in   , this be a practical rail link . every   minutes or so a train departs to east tsim sha tsui station . to reach hk island you can either walk from there â € “ underground â € “ to the tsim sha tsui station and take an mtr train to central or leave the underground city and walk to the star ferry . within   minutes walk distance from the hotel the bird garden and the flower market be locate , nice for a short visit . at night   when the mtr be close   take a taxi back cheap ! . the staff be very friendly , though checking in and out can take some time . the la scala hotel restaurant have a fine dinner buffet . the breakfast buffet be fine with a lot of choice . we book the hotel together with the flight from am to hk in an economical cathay pacific package therefore i don â € ™ t know the price we pay for the hotel and be pleasantly surprise by the quality of the hotel

we be come from guangzhou on the express train to hong kong . it be about two hours by train from guangzhou east rail station to hong kong â € ™ s hang hom station . it be an easy transfer to the mtr metro and then one stop to the mong kok east station to get to the royal plaza hotel

a little out of the way in hk terms be up in mong kok but this be a nice and relatively spacious hotel

hotel itself be very nice . beautiful pool , fitness centre etc . rooms a good size although the double bed be a bit small . we have   double bed for   adult and   child . beautiful bathroom . electric jug , fridge and in room safe . not a bad view from the   floor . attach to a shopping centre which be handy . a good local market   minutes walk away . train stations nearby . also bus stop very close . a little way from star ferry and more tourist orient shopping area , but hotel have free shuttle service which run at set times which be very good . fyi , taxi to airport cost  

this hotel be great for those who want to shop the flea market and shopping street of mongkok . everything be in mongkok ! i especially like the spacious room and it 's bathroom . swim pool be nice and you can just relax your tired foot in the jacuzzi

this be my third stay at the royal plaza and as usual we thoroughly enjoy ourselves   two friend with our two   year old daughters . the executive floor be excellent with good service and generous size guest rooms . the swim pool be enormous , as be the spa . it be well locate for tourist   quite near to all the highlight of kowloon , especially the lady market and jade markets . the mall next door offer all the usual hong kong brand without have to take a taxi or mtr . i recommend spending the extra for the executive floor   complimentary breakfast can be take at the restaurant la scala or on the club floor , there be complimentary soft drink , tea , coffee and biscuit available throughout the day , canape and drink in the evening

we ask to have a later check out and be offer to pay for the executive club that have   check out . we take it . the room be a joke be in an executive level . the bathroom be smelly , the towel smell like cigarette non smoking room . the internet connection do not work and there be no sign of the     welcome chocolate    , just to mention few flaw

we have be to hongkong a number of times and stay at other hotel but none of these could beat our overall experience during our recent stay at this hotel . from the moment we check in until our departure , we find the staff friendly , very informative and professional in conduct     from the executive lounge staff right down to engineering staff that we pass in the corridor

it 's my first trip to hk and we choose this hotel

we take a taxi from the airport because it be really not easily accessible either by mrt or the citybus . the trip with   luggage be slightly less than   like many traveller have say , the walk to the mtr be a real killer , especially with a lazy   old in tow . twice , we take a taxi from fa yuen street back to the hotel . yeh , we lose our way . and its not even my first trip to hk . the century mall connect to the hotel be nothing fantastic

i stay in this hotel for   night and i would certainly give a good   star for this hotel

royal plaza hotel be locate at prince edward road west mongkok , next to grand century place shopping mall . the bedroom be spacious , clean with big wardrobe , safe box and iron board . hotel staff be friendly . the only drawback be that the nearest mtr station prince edward station be about   min walk and may be tire for young child or old folks with walk problem . otherwise , this be a great hotel , value for       . additional + , the famous 'tai cheong eggtarts ' be sell at the foodcourt on   at grand century place shopping mall

me     my husband with our two kid stay here for   days . i book thru the net a month ahead i book for a superior non smoking and corner room . i communicate to cherry wan one of their reservationsales agent for my request and thanks to her . we check in without hassle and be billet to a family room instead ! we have a great view in our room   floor . every morning before go out we take a dip in their swim pool at the   floor the kid love it it 's a musical pool you can hear musuc when you 're in the water . the service be very good . the staff 's accomodating . a big mall grand century be adjacent to the hotel . mtr stations a walk away . you get good value for your money on our next trip to hongkong , for sure we 'll stay here again

stay there for a few times arrange by my partner as his company always put him there when he be on business trip and he like it . like other past review have state that it be not exactly in central location but the taxi in hong kong be so cheap and handy who need to stay in the city centre where you have to pay   or even   times of the price we pay ? the rooms be spacious compare to local standard . although the deluxe room seem a bit date and need some update . we have be upgrade to their executive room once and we love that . a very morden look room it is . too bad we be tell upon check in that we be not allow to use their facility there as it seem nice enough . overall we like this hotel and we will definately be back

after i make the reservation to the hotel i have email in advance for an upgrade as i have stay here numerous time before and be always upgraded . this hotel be not the greatest but i stay here out of habit

we stay at royal plaza hotel for around   days last january and we enjoy our stay

stay here a couple of times and luckily get upgrade to the executive floor in a few different occasions . their rooms be spacious for hong kong standard and inside the room , it 's surprisingly quiet consider that they be right on top of the train station

good hotel , clean and staff be efficient . a bit far from the main attraction hk island , salisbury , etc but the hotel be connect with   subway stations so it make it ok . the hotel be attach to a mall which be good to find cheap resto . a must   maxim 's resto on the   floor of the mall . overall , i would recommend this hotel

the hotel , conveniently attach to a mall , be also locate less than   min by foot to the street market of mongkok . the room i be in overlook the flower market , which be a hive of activity pre  chinese new year . the famed lady market be little further away however

a big hotel quite a long way from the tourist and business area , i get upgrade to executive floor but be tell i have to pay     to use the facility

the hotel be locate in mong kok   not smack bang in the middle , but only a very short walk distance to mong kok station , lady market shopping district . a very convenient location as it be connect to a large shopping centre , which also links to mong kok east station mtr . the hotel also provide free shuttle bus to and from tsim sha tsui

we book   connect rooms but sadly all non smoking rooms be full . the rooms be really smoky and smell of strong cigarette puff which make very uncomfortable . overall , housekeep service be very good . concierge need to improve on manners and service . i could not even ask for newspaper and be ask to pay for it . no such thing as borrowing papers in royal plaza

i stay at the royal plaza with my husband       teenagers . we have book   rooms . when we arrive we be tell that we have be upgrade to the executive floor , but have no access to any of the amenities . access to the executive floor be via elevator to the   floor and then we have take the stairs to our rooms .   room be fine , but the   room be smelly like it be damp . we ask to change rooms , which they do , but the new room stunk of smoke , even though it be a non smoking floor . finally we get a room that be ok . the rooms be reasonably spacious . breakfast be include and be ok . the variety be reasonable and flavour be fine . i be impress that they have soy milk

we stay at the royal plaza mongkok during dec   the hotel make our trip a totally unpleasant hk trip i have ever have

i be in hk     macau for a short vacation with family and my in laws who be elderly . know that hotel in hk be pricey and generally have small rooms after a bit of research mainly on trip advisor i choose this hotel . my key consideration in choose this hotel be the ranking on trip advisor , comment from member , room rate , location and proximity to subway stations

have an excellent time at this hotel . stay in a family room , which be a queen bed and a single mean for   but we stay the four of us . it have a simple cooking area and a microwave , and be quite spacious   enough for our needs . it be a bit of a walk from mongkok station it be very near east mongkok , but that station be less connect to where we tend to want to go , but there be a cover walkway to mongkok station . furthermore on the way back we could stop by to get fruit or other things we needed . lady and other market be quite near by . to put it into perspective , we need to walk quite a bit no matter where we go in hong kong , so it be n't bad at all . if you be muslim then islam food on lung kong road be excellent   around   each way for taxi . the hotel have a shopping center attach , with a mcdonalds

i spend numerous week research a hk hotel that could provide a family room as that 's what we normally prefer , plus also due to the expense . i think i 'd hit the jackpot when i finally find a hk hotel with a decent family room

we   adult +   kid stay at royal plaza for   nites with connect rooms . room be spacious with a queen bed ,   seat couch , coffee table , kitchen facility e .g . sink , microwave , fridge , cabinet , etc

great hotel in excellent location . large rooms , a little bit outdated but very clean and comfortable . shopping centre next door with mtr mong kok a short walk way . direct access to lo wu for shopping in shenzhen

i book the royal plaza hotel because it have a great rate that include breakfast and free internet . the room   be very nice and have a decent territorial view . the bathroom be rather luxurious

this hotel be in a great location on kowloon island . it be within walk distance to the prince edward metro station and also to the attraction of the flower market and the bird garden . it be also close to the electronics district . we visit the hotel in september and it exceed all our expectations . the hotel be modern and locate right next to a large shopping centre with all the shop you could wish for . the rooms be really well appoint and modern and above all clean , cool and quiet . they also offer wi fi at a cost . the pool be fantastic and provide a lovely getaway after a day of walk , sightsee and shopping . it have a lovely set and the music playing underwater be very calming . we experience one of the restaurant which be buffet style but also serve a la carte meals . we want to dine at the other restaurant , but because of the mid autumn festival we be unable to do so as the restaurant be book out in advance . our only minor grievance be that at check out we have a long wait as a whole load of new guest have arrive in addition to a load of others checking out at the same time as us . this be hardly the fault of the staff who handle the crowd well . in short , we would happily stay at this hotel again as it provide a great launch pad to see all the sights of hong kong

stay here with family in two rooms , same floor . have often stay on the island , we be a bit unsure of how we would take to the kowloon experience . as seasoned frequent traveller around most of the world , can say with complete candour that this be my first and only choice for hong kong in the future . staff at the desk , on the floor , in the business centre , restaurant and health club area be all attentive , polite and ultra competent . the restaurant all provide such an array of choice for any meal that we could n't fail to find lots to please . and with a huge and diverse mall adjoin , along with     real street life    within a block away with its combination of local shopping and food option , this be an ideal blend of posh inside , and genuine hong kong outside

stay here for a week . get upgrade to a large family room . hubby and i be very happy with the space , it be like an apartment . particularly good value for stay of a week long as they build additional discount in for a longer stay

stay at the royal plaza in early october   check in be pretty smooth . we stay in a suite which seem to be bigger compare to other hotel rooms in the same area

this be my second time stay in the hotel and i have get to say the experience of stay at the same hotel a second time be totally different

our group go on a short trip to hk last october   i search the hotel before leave manila and find out it be   category , and the location be quite far from downtown the nathan road thereabouts but near the mongkok area

i stay here for a single night on a business trip and when i arrive my room be not ready . i have to hang around in queue which seem to be a feature of the hotel for quite a while . in addition the hotel be off the beaten track and the hotel shuttle bus driver from the airport seem reluctant to take me there and would n't give me a receipt . the hotel seem to cater for the chinese market and some staff have difficulty understanding english . the hotel be adjacent to a shopping mall but be otherwise quite a distance from any of the tourist site or the downtown area . when i check out i again have to join the endless queue and be n't give a receipt which i still have to chase . breakfast however be great , plenty of whatever you could want . this hotel seem to cater for large numbers of guest but could do with more staff to cope with them

the royal plaza be perfect ! the location be convenient , the service impeccable , the rooms be large , very clean and comfortable . room service be fabulous . the easy access to train and subway make get around simple and fun

the royal plaza have a slightly date but elegant charm . we be upgrade on arrival to an executive room but instruct not to use the executive lounge   this do n't bother us , we be n't fuss about get a few extra snack or drinks . room be excellent and difficult to fault   it be clean , nicely lay out and the bed be comfortable . the view be also fairly stunning and very to different to the much talk about harbour view of tsim sha tsui

i stay at royal plaza for four night during my family trip to hongkong . i fall unhappy when i know that this hotel be far from the harbour . this make my dream to have a hongkong bay panoramic window dissapeared . but , royal plaza hotel keep impress me continously during my that make me glad to choose this hotel . the hotel lobby be very glamour despite it 's an old hotel . the front desk staff be helpful and nice . in my first night i be upgrade to the club room . the room be new and stylish with new furniture and modern electronic devices . the bathroom be good in size and luxurious . i can not enjoy the club floor lounge because we 're arrive late night

my child and i stay here for   night before go to mainland china at the end of july . this be our first time come to hong kong so i be very cautious . we book for around     through continental com after go over almost all the good review hotel in hong kong with fare price and convenient location . we be all very impress and my child beg me to come back in future

stay at the royal plaza for a romantic long weekend in september  

stay   night thurs , fri     sit in an executive club room . get a   night for the price of   special direct on the hotel website work out to be about     per night

me n family enjoy our   nites there room be huge and spaciouscompare to others hk hotels service be great breakfast be excellent

a very nice   star hotel . me and my wife love the swim pool especially the hot water with jakuji pool . breakfast be very good with lots of options . staff be very polite and helpful . also the location of the hotel be easy to travel to and from any place . a clean and nice place to stay with an average price

this trip to hong kong be the first for me and i am so glad i choose the royal plaza hotel

i stay four night at royal plaza with my boyfriend . it be highly recommend for couples . our room be on the highest floor and be furnish with executive design , very clean and neat . the room service be excellent ! they will tidy the room and replenish all the shampoo , tissue and even slipper supply daily . they be thoughtful when they clean the room that that they will place the mineral water and cup by the side of the bed and slipper underneath the bed

the royal plaza hotel be ok , but the monkok     east    station be incovenient if anyone know the mtr subway lie out of hong kong . while the     east    line at mongkok station be new , that line be kind of a hassle when connect to other stations and line there . very out of the way . also , that station be actually a pretty good walk away from the hotel . i be under the impression that it be in the same mongkok station as the langham with the same super nice mall there as well . not so . that hotel langham be in the regular     mongkog    station , not mongkok east . the royal plaza do connect to a very nice mall though and it have an ok food floor court . the mall and food court at the regular mongkok station be far better

stay for  

it 's much more civilise to break your trip to australia with a stopover , and hong kong remain popular . we spend two night unwinding at this very grand hotel situate in kowloon and with far  reaching view of the ubiquitous skyline that be the hall mark of this great city



we stay here on a group tour of china . i do n't usually stay in place this fancy when i travel on my own , so this place be quite a treat . the room be spacious and beautiful , and fully outfit with a kitchenette

stay at this hotel on the first leg of a world trip . be a great start to our trip with nothing to complain about here . room be very spacious with flat screen tv with english channels . pool and spa be great , breakfast be reasonably price and a huge choice from western and asian foods . only minus for us be our friend live on hong kong island and this hotel be in kowloon so if you want to see more of hong kong island you would need to stay there . the train be great but still take a good       minutes to get there

stay at the royal plaza for   nights . very large room , flat screen tv with lots of channels . next to a shopping mall and   min walk to   subway stations   one can be walk to without go outside . lovely outdoor pool and hottub . only annoyance be staff ringing to find out when they could clean the room when a do not disturb sign be on , which kinda defeat the purpose of the sign ! apart from that , no complaints . would go back

take the chinaspree   day china and hong kong tour . this hotel be one of the many throughout the trip . this be the best . great staff , great location , great rooms , great lobby

this be my favorite hotel on a chinaspree tour in china and hong kong . i would rate this hotel   * . the rooms be spacious and have the finest sheet   thread i have ever sleep on . we have a great view of the city . we eat at the restaurant in the lobby and it have a good selection of western food . the hotel be adjacent to a huge modern shopping mall . my only complaint be that they want a deposit to use the phone , even for a toll free call they charge     per call

we stay at the hotel for two nights . then we try to book one more night but the hotel be fully book and we have to search another hotel

it be a great hotel , with the mong kok east station below it . prince edward station be   min away and tsim sha tsui a major tourist area be   min away by taxi . the price be quite competitive and there be a free shuttle bus from the hotel to tsim sha tsui , which compensate for its slightly inconvenient location

the hotel be very accessible since it be adjacent to the east rail line . it also have a shuttle go to tsim sha tsui . the nearby mall offer many retail stores . it be also a   min walk to the mongkok street market

we do n't spend much time at the hotel because it in a great location . you can catch the sub into hong kong , or take the other train inland . both terminal be very close . the hotel be locate right in the the heart of shopping in kowloon . the only complaint with this hotel be the hard bed and cold hot tub

stay at the royal plaza hotel from march     overall experiece very positive

i together with my elderly mom and best friend stay at the royal plaza hotel in kowloon , hong kong from april   ,   and it be stay fit for royalty ! i love the interior from the lobby to the hallway to the rooms ! when i arrive , there be a long queue at the check in counter but service be truly efficient . we stay in a family room one single and one queen size bed which i book thru www .agoda .com . i think i get a bargain but when i check the hotel website i find out that i pay slightly higher so better reserve thru www royalplaza com hk  to get a better deal ! my deal come without breakfast but you can go to any restaurant nearby

do n't be put off by hotel 's location , airport express to kowloon and the   coach to the hotel 's front door take care of your arrival and departure , and the local mtr station less than   minutes stroll through the flower market give rapid access to much of kowloon and the main island attraction

we stay at the royal plaza hotel from march   ,   and it be by far the best hotel experience we have in hk . we be pleasantly surprise of the clean , big rooms ! much bigger than those of the other hotel we have stay in in hk . we request for   connect rooms and be impress when the reception staff upgrade us to the   floor where   connect rooms be available . breakfast be good too

i spend a week here in march and i be n't impressed . the hotel be ok but nothing out of the ordinary . it be my first visit to hong kong and if i have to book a hotel for a new trip i would choose on close to the harbour overlook the beatiful view there . kowloon be a bit like the backstreets of shanghai so if it 's a     chinese    experience you 're after go for this hotel . if you 're after a more upscale , euro us like stay go for hong kong island

we stay at the royal plaza for   night at the end of our honeymoon . from start to finish it be a complete disaster

stay at the royal plaza hotel on our way to australia . do a   night stopover in hong kong . have no problem checking in and our room be huge . could n't ask for a better location , and a shuttle bus take us back to the airport be n't expensive after a long day shopping , we book into the spa for a full body massage and reflexology , for the   treatment it cost Â £   and be worth every penny . we be pamper for   hours by adorable staff they do n't speak much english , but have fun try . could n't fault the hotel in any way , and what a bonus to have the shopping mall on your doorstep

i have stay at the royal plaza in mong kok several times over the last year after try other hotel in hong kong . each stay have be consistently excellent . there be many good review about this hotel so instead let me share some insight , especially for us traveler

we stay at royal plaza between   feb     mar this year . arrive in the evening after a long flight . check in be smooth     be upgrade to deluxe room at no extra cost . i have request to stay on higher floor     on a non smoking level and i get it . our accomodation incl . b f at la scala rest . good range     service effiecient . staff     expecially to houskeeping be always very friendly . h k be very fast to make room ie we go down to have breakfast     when we return , toiletry be top up , bed be made . rp be above grand century place     connect to a big shopping mall . also , east mongkok mtr be under shopping complex . so , even though it may be far from the cbd , transportion make it easy for one to travel between areas . this be the first time visit to hk for us , i can that hk have the best transport system , very user friendly . overall , i will not hesitate to stay at royal plaza for my next visit

we stay at this hotel for seven night with our   year old daughter . the room be large with a settee and kitchen area which mean we have use of a full size fridge and a small freezer compartment . the hotel be clean and the heat outside swim pool be nice . when we go swim a lifeguard be on hand

we just come back from a two night stay at the royal plaza hong kong and be not impress with the hotel . firstly , the lobby area have a certain smell which be very off putting . the hotel be not able to provide us with one bed and we ask if any upgrade be available . we be give the option of upgrade to a suite for     extra a night . sound reasonable so decide to go for it . upon enter the     suite    , i be dismayed to say the least . the     suite    have a couch that look beat up and just plain dirty . the kitchenette area may be useful to family , but just give the room an outdated look . due to the pool renovation , we could hear a constant and loud hammer noise from our room . i ask the front desk to switch rooms and be give a room on the executive club level and be pleasantly surprised . although it take us almost   min to get to the new room , as the new hotel key we be give , would not operate the executive floor and have to go back and forth with the front desk . our new room be a vast improvement   look modern and clean and bonus include the afternoon snack and cocktail in the club room

we need a hotel with a great location and find it . we be upgrade to the executive suite so it make it even better . the staff be very friendly and helpful . we have   kid   ,   and therefore need to pay for a supplement bed . however our stay be still great . it be link to a big mall that be open late

we me , my husband     our   toddler stay at royal plaza hotel for   night , the hotel 's good , the staff be great . we really like the location of the hotel , because it 's very near to mtr east mongkok station . we would come back there again   love it , even though it 's not in the tourist area but near to lots of other places  

thoroughly enjoy our stay at this hotel . perfect location for what be our first visit to hong kong with transport system be easily access from the hotel

my husband and i and our adult daughter spend four days at the royal plaza hotel in january . through qantas we book two rooms for which we have pay a     in total for the four nights . we think that be a very good price . we arrive at the hotel about three hours before check in time and be unable to access our room until sometime after the official check in time . this be because we be keen to have adjoin rooms with a connect door on a non smoking floor . there be a large shopping centre attach to the hotel so we use the break to rest , read or window shop

stay at several hotel in hk before and this one beats all the other one compare their prices . lots of place to shop and eat . check in take a long time but after that it be wonderful ! there be a microwave , large refrigerator , stave , etc . in our room . only stay for   night , too short ! would love to stay there again

stay at royal plaza for   night at the end of december . several things i like it

worth considering . the hotel room be big , spacious , clean and close to a major shopping centre . mtr be easily accessible . you can experience how the local life

i state at the hotel over the christmas vacation   it be what could be expect and nothing to add to what the other reviewer have comment upon . however , i have stay in several hotel in hong kong  kowloon and hasten to add i do not like the location logisitcs of the hotel

i stay there for   night on jan        

above average hotel . good service , more so on the effort than the actual service . not as polish as some other places . overall the staff be very helpful . close to nightmarkets , about a   walk to the prince edward mtr station . conveniently locate next to a mall . maxim 's restraurant on the top floor of the mall . nice clean update rooms

short review   best hotel for first timer to hk , family with little childre eldery . very recomended ! big clean bed  big clean room batroom , good price

my wife , my   year old son and i have a pleasant stay at the royal plaza . the staff be courteous and efficient . check in be hassle free . the superior room that we get be large by hongkong standards . we get a double double bed with each bed approximately   foot across . the room also come with a kitchenette which come in handy when heat up some snack that we buy from the night market . the room be clean , except that the decor look a bit tired . also the bathroom tile could do with a little bit of cleaning up as the mildew stain be quite visible . the hotel would do well with little extra like a daily newspaper and free wireless internet which the front desk say do not come with the package that i booked . as it be market as a five star hotel , these extra be what one would come to expect . the mtr station be just a short   min walk away along elevate shelter walkways . there be lots of shop and eatery in the hotel 's vicinity , so you do n't really need to eat at the hotel . cafe de coral and fairwood can be find in the adjoin grand century place mall so you can practically have breakfast , lunch , tea and dinner there if you be not so adventurous . btw i have a scrumptious hotpot dinner at cafe de coral for only hk     a good dimsum place , call maxim 's can also be find on the   floor of the mall . if you be planning to go to shenzhen , the train station be just practically downstairs at the mall . on the whole , an above average stay bar those little shortcoming that i

this be a very nice hotel and one that be centrally located . the room be large for hong kong and nicely appointed . we eat in the hotel for a buffet dinner and breakfast and it be also very good with a lot of selection . it be attach to the grand century place mall which be a bit pricy , but worth a walk through . it be a short and inexpensive cab ride about us     to the lady market and the avenue at the star at the waterfront . overall , a pleasant stay , you wo n't be disappoint

i have be stay at the rp for years now and every time i come to hk i re book . it 's a friendly hotel and the service be commendable

come across this hotel   years ago , when i be stay in royal park , shatin . back then , royal park be in the same group as this hotel ie . share same shuttle bus and routes . both be similarly link to shopping center and train stations , which be huge advantage for me . just find out from recent trip , that both hotel be no longer linked . still , the shuttle bus be still operate from this hotel to tsim tsa tsui tst , which be another big advantage for me , consider how tst be a tourist location for sightsee and shopping

we stay at the royal plaza for   nights . upon arrival we be ask if we want to upgrade to an executive suite on the   floor . we decide that we would and the extra amount we pay be worth every cent . the price include , check in and out on the   floor , afternoon tea for   hours , evening cocktail for   hours , a daily paper , internet facility     meeting facility

this hotel be such a plaesure to stay at we have an eight year old boy we book a family room non smoking floor and it be just that not a hint of any smoke smell at all the staff be so friendly we arrive   we be in our room before   spacious and clean and the buffet breakfast be so good the location be great near all the market which come alive at night transport friendly shopping friendly and the pool be wonderful with sauna and steam rooms too . we love the way it be a way from nathan road but just two train stop away from anywhere so family and anyone book this wonderful hotel you will not regret it  the

we just come back from hk and we stay   night in royal plaza . we love the location of the hotel as we go with two child below   years old . it 's adjacent to the grand century place mall with restaurants . convenient for breakfast and dinner after a tire day out . the   floor of the mall have a big restaurant with good dim sum which start service at     floor have a wellcome supermarket

have just stay for   night in the royal plaza , kowloon . on arrival , check in take awhile and the staff do n't seem in any hurry to make it quicker ! the foyer be really nice , and we stay in a family room to accomodate   adults . rooms be n't very big , but ok as we be only really in them to sleep ! the only problem be that the bed be really hard but i think this be the case with all bed in hotel in hong kong

i book a executive club room use the hotel website . the accommodation be     sexy    , in the sense that it be spacious , cosy , comfortable

this a great hotel to stay at . good size rooms with concrete wall , sleep like a baby . facility be excellent from breakfast dining area to gym . whole family love it with shopping centre     mrt station very close . staff be always ready to help and friendly . we travel with   family , have   rooms and would not hestitate to stay there again

excellent hotel in kowloon with easy access to public transport . hotel adjoins a shopping mall which make for convenient shopping . interesting street market be a few minutes walk away

we stay at this hotel from   september to   october

this be one of the biggest hotel in hong kong . as it be not very expensive compare to others , it be a good value

as soon as we arrive at this hotel we be impress with the look of it . the lobby be spacious and very bright . the reception area be easily locate to the right of the main doors . the recptionists be very friendly and helpful . the hotel lead on to a large mall , which have   floor of shops . ideal for the tourist who want to splash out on things . we buy so much we have to buy another case to bring the present home

very nice hotel , for some reason get upgrade to an executive suite with   bathrooms . my only words of caution if you do n't know hong kong well be the location . you be a good   minute walk from the bay area and there be n't much of a view despite the height of anything but the run down mong kok area . of course the magnificent underground its build on one of the stations help you get around , but next time i 'll stay in one of the numerous hotel with view of iconic hong kong

on our   round the world trip , this be the joint top hotel that we stay in

stay here for three night in august  

my family and i stay at the royal plaza hotel early june this year for   night , and i have to say , we have a wonderful time there . the hotel be attach to a shopping mall and an mtr mass transit railway station which can take you almost anywhere from disneyland to mainland china . a few minutes walk out of this hotel , and you will find thousand of shop and boutiques . find food outside this hotel be also within   minutes walk

my husband and i stay at the royal plaza for   week in march . we have previously stay at the hotel concourse now the metropark mong kok so be familiar with the area . we decide on the royal plaza because it seem like a good deal for a great rate . we be not disappoint

the hotel enterance be rather unique as it have a long drive way . lucky we take a taxi and he know where it was . the staff be friendly and helpful and the standard room be excellent

when we first arrive at the royal plaza we be a little bit concern about it 's location , the coach from the airport keep drop people off and we be the last one , seemingly get further and further from the action . quick tip , buy a return coach ticket from the airport , it 's     cheaper than buy it at the

just get back from an eight night stay at the royal plaza in hong kong , we pay for an upgrade to the executive floor during check in and it be well worth the extra cost wireless internet at the executive lounge , breakfast , afternoon tea and cocktail drink daily plus be on the top floor with city view do n't even book here if you definitely want harbour view rooms   where it be locate , it 's mission impossible

my family and i spend   days in hong kong . this be the   time we have be to hong kong and we have constantly be disappoint with the standard and costs of the hotels . until now

my wife     myself have a maqrvelous   night stay there . the furnish be in pristine condition in accord to   star standard , likewise for the toilet . excellent view , very comfortable bed , what more can you ask . my room come with a comfortable couch excellent for recieving friend     a kitchennette that come with heat plate     microwave oven . no need for room service when you be hungry in the middle of the night

i stay at the rph in mongkok for a conference that i attended . i have a few extra work days there and a weekend â € “ stay there for over a week . it be definitely excellent value for the money . the room be good sized â € “ as you can see from the picture â € “ and have a lot of natural light thanks to a bay window . the view out the window be also not bad â € “ plenty of hill to look at and it be a rather open view with no tall building near it quite a rarity for the area i think . the work desk be good and handy , as be the little love seat which be a nice place to sit and unwind after a day of work . my room have a clock radio unlike another reviewer

my wife and i just return from an   night stay at the royal plaza . i book an executive level room through the hotel web site . however , when we check in at after midnight , they have fill all of their executive rooms . they put us in a two bedroom corner suite instead . the entire floor appear to be recently renovated . the bed be comfortable and the bath linen be thick . for some reason , there be n't a clock radio

i stay at the royal plaza in mongkok for over a week in november december  

we stay at the royal plaza hotel for about a month during dec jan   and it be a comfortable nice stay . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the cleaning people be great and be very curteous . they be professional and likable . we also recieved a free daily newspaper from the hotel each morning which i look forward to . the hotel be efficient and be maintain extremely clean and bright . a four   five star earn establishment . the rates be extremely reasonable too . we book a special monthly rate from the hotel manager directly . this be one hotel i would recommend .

have not visit hk for nearly   years , i be there for a week and the royal plaza be home for that time . it be certainly   star and it offer a cosier and intimate feel once you enter the lobby   a world apart from the hustle and bustle of most large   star hotel . some of their staff member do have problem with english but you would expect that in a country where english be not the first language . we stay in a room on the third highest floor , or something like that . not much of a view , but the room be comfortable and clean . it be n't contemporary in design but somehow more nostalgic or english which add to the uniqueness of the hotel . oh , do i mention that the corridor be really long and it do give your legs a great workout if you stay at the end of the corridor ! breakfast at the hotel be good with a large selection of hot and cold dishes . location wise , it be   minutes or so away from the heart of tsim tsha tsui with the hotel shuttle but the area itself be self sufficient with loads of shop and eateries . if you want to experience hk and not stay in a too touristey area , this be it

this hotel fall far short of expectations . the room be respectably size , but smell strange , and the air condition unit be cheap and do n't work well at all , perpetually either too hot or too cold . the bed be very hard and no spare blanket be provided . sound proofing be nonexistent . we ask to change rooms after four days and be move to a higher floor , but the air condition still do n't work

just stay in royal plaza hotel for   nights . its suppose to be   star but whenever i tell hong kongers that the response be     how can there be a   star hotel in mongkok ?     true enough it be n't exactly luxurious and the surroundings be clearly not glam . but its clean and well maintain and the rooms be spacious . i have a very comfortable stay there

the hotel be of a high standard . rooms be very pleasant with an lcd tv in each room with there be a surpring number of english channels on tv

just come back from hk , stay at the royal plaza for   nights . be upgrade to a deluxe room at no extra charge . the staff be friendly and helpful . the room be clean so be the toilet . the hotel be also locate near the night markets . the shelter walkway from the hotel to mongkok mtr be a plus point as well as the shopping mall attach to the hotel . the train station below the hotel go to china so its convenient for those who want to go to shenzhen for day trips . i would stay in this hotel if i visit hk again

i stay at this hotel base on the recommendation of my travel agent . initially i be tell that this be a   star hotel but find out from some of the online hotel book website that it be more of a   star hotel instead . however , do not be put off by all these as the service that you will receive once you step into the hotel will make you feel like you be in a   star hotel . front desk reception staff be friendly and helpful throughout my stay there and facility like the swim and jacuzzi pool be acceptable . i be allocate a smoking room and be duly inform by the reception when i checked in even though i request for one when i do my booking . however , the reception reassure me that the room have undergone a treatment beforehand . once in it , i find the room very comfortable and don â € ™ t reek of cigarette smell at all ! everything be in the room as also in a good condition unlike some of the   star hotel i have be to where the cupboard door be virtually go to drop ! i request for an iron board and iron almost everyday and the hotel always promptly deliver it to my room almost immediately after my call . one thing however , be that the pillow be too soft and you may consider request for extra pillows . the location of the hotel be also superb as it â € ™ s locate close to the goldfish market and the lady market . if you be look for cheap bargain , go to the shop along the alley off prince edward road as the stuff that you will find at the touristy market be generally more expensive . if you be take the mtr to the hotel on a rainy day , alight at mongkok mtr station not prince edward station as it â € ™ s link to the hotel 's shopping complex by a shelter overhead bridge . the walk will take you around   to   min depend on your walk speed of course . the hotel be also locate above the mongkok kcr station where you can take the train to china or other more sub urban shopping mall like the new town plaza at shatin station . overall , this hotel be a superb choice and i will definitely choose this hotel when i go back to hong kong again

spend   night at the hotel and be very impressed . impressive entrance , good size rooms and very clean . this be a top notch hotel

