me and my husband have book a honeymoon package to visit hong kong,macau and beijing . this hotel be book with the package

we stay in this hotel last   together with my husband     baby . we enjoy our stay there , the hotel be clean     safe , it 's quite far from the center of hk , but they have free shuttle service from hotel to mtr station almost every   , and in the mtr station there 's a mall with a grocery store where you can shop like local for cheap prices . we also have a room with a relax view of the beach

a nice and affordable hotel , lots of luxury , swim pool , sauna , etc . but the staff barely speak any english . and things be explain very vaguely in their brochure . hotel be far from anything , but they do have a regular bus service to the nearest metro . would recommend an octopus card for those who be stay for longer than a week , and whose go to use the metro on a daily base . internet at the hotel be a bit expensive , but decent

we stay in the hotel for three night   to   in the hotel be o k except the location it take about   minutes by bus to the city hotel provide free bus trip to the city and metro station time to time the hotel be situate in newly develop area in new territory and you be not go to find any shop,resturants or market nearby we get a seaside room by the bridge it be a terrific view from room , sea with the bridge

book ahead of time . follow shuttle schedules . the food be great . staff and crew be friendly . it would help if they be more fluent in english . the carpet need shampoo though . but overall , it be a nice experience

i love this hotel ! ! !         the staff be always helpfull and friendly ! ! i even manage to jam the lock on my suitcase one day and they send up one of their engineer to break it free for me   would the facility be fantastic    swimming pool ,sauna,jacuzzi and even a free gym and u can sign guest s in to use it well at least i think u can cause thats what i do ! ! the only problem i have be it be bit far from the centre    so if ur after late night out and club it probably not the most ideal location for you . however a free shuttle bus do run on regular basis cant exactly rmeba wot tym it ends   either   or   pm

though its be a while i stay at the royal view , but the warm memory be still intact

it be really such a great experience ! though be the first time traveller ! we have a great time during our stay inthis hotel . thank god we have a shuttle bus that can pick us up during our tour ! the service and facility of this hotwl be really awesome     great ! i love it !

do n't stay here if your look for something inexpence and not to far from central . stay here if you have be to hk before and look to get away from the hustle and bussel . upgrade to sea view rooms you will enjoy more . the room i stay in be small but it be fine for my needs . in review i would recommend this hotel as an ideal base to hire a car and explore the new territory

the hotel be isolate in the middle of nowhere . unless you have your own car or local friend , you should not consider it

this hotel remind me of a woman who seem beautiful until she open her mouth to reveal a voice like a banshee , a bad disposition , and very little brain

check in be very smooth , book the two bedroom suite as this be the biggest suite . decor be simple and nice , everything go very well and nice for a getaway . i live in hong kong at the peak and this getaway just stay at the hotel and eat and shopping around that area make it a new exprience for me , seem like i go to another country which be very nice as it be a relaxtion time for us

i be on a business trip and find all the hotel near business district tsim sha tsui , mong kok , central , etc . be on sell out state . find this new place in tsuen wan district . my counterpart in hong kong be complain why you be stay so far . but i really enjoy this place

we stay at rvh for   and all i can say be we be give superb treatment . we have a nice room with a minibar , plasma tv , hairdryer . the staff be all very nice and they could speak english although not good so ask for direction be easy . it be far from the city but they have shuttle bus that take guest to the mtr station every   we be only ask to deposit hk     when we check in which be refundable it be not state in their website when we book them . and although our room have a veranda , we be tell that we need to pay a small amount so we could open it . we do n't bother anymore as we do n't plan to spend our time in the hotel the few days we be in hk sans those fact , our stay have be good , to say the least .

honestly , hotel room rates be quite cheap when i book my stay through zuji travelocity . royal view be a   hotel with excellent facilities . i book a deluxe seaview room    view of the tsien ma bridge i think . the hotel have the usual facility queen size bed , work desk , dataport , coffee tea make facility , minibar fridge , toilet without tub ,     lcd tv , a kitchenette and an iron ironing board on request . housekeep staff be only able to converse in cantonese . the front desk staff be usually able to converse and understand simple conversational english , but you may have to talk slowly and use visual cue gesture , picture . the hotel have a gym and a pool as well . you may have to be prepare for expensive in room internet fee , but wi fi on the lobby and other public area be free . i be able to use the dataport in room free of charge for internet i just do n't know if there be a fault , or it be include on my room package . one of the major con of this hotel and certainly one of the major drawback be its location    not so good location if you plan to go often to central . however , there be complimentary shuttle service to tsuen wan mtr , tsing yi airport express until   daily and tsimshatsui . do avoid the typhoon season though because shuttle services be suspend , and taxi rates be skyrocket some driver add a hk     surcharge . over all , good value for money   

my sister and i stay at the royal view hotel for   nights . as a first timer in hong kong , we 're both very excite in this trip . we be usually out for our tour and we only get a chance to be at the hotel during the morning and evening . the tour be very tire and we be expect to get a very good service from the hotel

we just return from a   night stay at the royal view hotel , hong kong . arrive during a rainy day but the concierge be there to help from our taxi . there be   of us and about   piece of

arrive at hotel at   in the morning after an overnight flight   staff could not have be more helpful get a room ready in less than   minutes   our room be slightly below average in size especially bathroom but do have a kitchen area with facility to make a hot drink   room be very quiet at night   have a better night 's sleep than in any of the other   hotel we stay in on this trip   location be not great as you need transport to go anywhere but the free shuttle service to downtown kowloon be very reliable,alternatively taxis be always

we stay at the royal view hotel in hongkong as part of a package tour and my sister and i be very please with the experience . upon chek in , the staff be very helpful in place us in a non smoking floor when i request that they do so . the concierge give us excellent tip on where to go and very clear direction on how to get there . the view from our room be spectacular ! very helpful and knowlegeable staff

pro

we stay at the royal view hotel for one month on a recent business trip . the hotel be very nice look , with pool , fitness facility , and a lovely view of the sea under the ting kau bridge . that be where the compliments end . the customer service representative be friendly and must say ,     i be sorry    often . after do so , there be no resolution to the many problem that we faced . the rooms be very damp , my sofa be replace   times . i need two dehumidifiers in the room , run   hours a day , just to take the moisture out of the room so it would be livable . these machine do a good job , but sleeping through the noise of the machine could be difficult . my colleague choose not to have the machine in his room , so live with the mildew building up on the walls . i be offer other rooms to move to , but they be all damp . the customer service rep . apologize and say the building engineer be look into the problem

i just spend a month at royal view , which be the place i be set up in for my stint teaching for a month in hong kong . this be the worst place i have have the displeasure of ever stay in

the royal view hotel be a relatively new hotel , and thus some of it 's incompetency can be excused . however , as a traveller i find the hotel and it 's staff to be unbelievably incompetent in their customer service skill

we stay here for two night   and   may . the hotel be not fully open and there be still some work go on , but it be n't noisy or intrusive . we get the impression that we be act as guinea pigs for staff training and that there be very few other guests . all staff that we interact with be eager to please and speak a little english

