without a doubt , this have to be the best hotel we have stay in . the housekeep staff be remarkably efficient and thorough . our room be of a high standard , although we do experience some minor noise from the atrium where the restaurant be located . the hotel staff be really friendly and helpful , as be most of the people in hk . the hotel be a   minute walk to the tsim sha tsui east mtr station , which connects to the main tsim sha tsui station via subway , so it 's very easy to get around to see all of the sights in hong kong with easy connection to central and admiralty . we get a really good deal when we book so it cost less to go to this fabulous hotel in hk as it would have do to go to a similar grade hotel in paris or rome

our suite at the royal garden be extremely comfortable though it do have a faint smell of old cigarette smoke , the staff incredibly helpful , and the food in the restaurant be good

overall a pleasant stay . as a business traveller it do n't bother me that there be construction noise during the day , but i would n't stay there as a tourist want to sleep in

we stay on the   floor   first in a twin room but be move the next night as we have book a double room . there be renovation works go on at the hotel , and there be loud drill from   which make the floor and wall shake , and also make it impossible to watch tv or relax . we ask to change rooms but be tell there be no others available on other floors . the hotel itself be nice enough although the rooms at the least the one we see could do with an upgrade   ours have big stain on the curtain and a crack lightshade

perfect stay at the royal garden . check in early and ask for a harbour view which be available from the   floor

if you love a bit of la vega style over the top glitz , this be the place for you . the rooms be position around a large golden atrium , with glass lift whiz guest up and down . down on the lower floor , there be several bars and restaurant and two piano with live music . while on roof terrace be the fitness and leisure centre , complete with mediterannean style furnishings . the facility be excellent , with a large swim pool and fitness centre . there 's even a tennis court if you fancy a bit of a run around . there be also separate sex sauna in the change rooms

i love this hotel and i not know how anyone can complain about it . the rooms be spacious and bed very comfortable . nice bathroom , well stock with everything you need , big plasma tv , free internet if on business floor i think . the breakfast be really good too although i not eat there other than that . well locate , near main kowloon shopping area and with good links to airport . i have get taxis before and use airport shuttle . shuttle be very cheap and efficient , would recommend . the swim pool on the roof be amazing with great view across the harbour

i be a regular traveller to hong kong and china . i have stay at this hotel at least six times in the last   years and have just be to another hotel offer to me as a discount deal through my flight agency i now appreciate how good this hotel is . i be currently write this review from my room

we be surprise at how small the room be but after   week in australia we perhaps have be spoil ! the atrium area and glass lift be quite spectacular and every journey in the lift be an experience ! a friend have say there be noise from the lift when she stay here but we do n't hear any noise at all . the staff be friendly and the cleaning staff very efficient and helpful . we love the sky club   a roof top pool and well lay out terrace plus fairly large fitness centre with attentive staff and lots of fluffy towel   check out the view across victoria harbour . we decline to pay extra for breakfast and there be a starbucks and delifrance right across the street which suit us fine in the mornings . not have visit hong kong before i do n't feel we be really 'in the middle of things ' but it be only a   minute walk to the star ferry . we book a limo to the airport as we have an early start so have to pay extra and , as a nervous passenger , the smooth ride with nice classical music play be appreciate

this be a great hotel , location be great as there be some awesome bars on the riverside that go off at night

first time at the royal garden   great service , great staff , hope to return on next trip to

stay here for the second time and find it still to be a very good hotel . good location as it be within walk distance of star ferry   mtr   shop and water front . we have never use the restaurant within the hotel but they look very nice . we would recommend leu garden restuarant in the nearby shopping complex . the price we pay this timewas good value because we manage to get a very good deal via expedia . spa , pool and gym facility very good and great to swim on the roof top with amazing views . we have stay in suite on two occasion which have great view of the harbour . staf very polite nd efficient . we would certainly stay there a third time . this time we be on a stoppover for nz and rather than cart all our bag accross hong kong , leave some at the airport baggage storage in arrival , very good value if under   hours . we then get the train   mtr to our hotel and save lots of money . on return we get a fix price arrange by the concierge at the hotel with the taxi company , and also prove to be very good value

the royal garden be luxurious and provide a top class service

we be extremely happy with th hotel   very centrally locate , very nice servce and very comfortable rooms . we have several option for dinner , include an italian restaurant , a thai restaurant and an extensive buffet in the dine room . we even find ruth chris steakhouse and outback right outside our front door ! very nice service , inlcuding internet and room service . we love this place   beds be comfy and clean . hong kong be a great destination and this hotel make the trip comfortable and fun ! oh my god , the swim pool and tennis court be amazing and so be the extensive machings in the exercise room   wowowo ! love this place

we stay for   at this hotel which be around the corner

excellent swim pool   floor with harbour view , professional staff , very comrfortable stay . very close to metro . not top end   star for hk but a great place to base yourself in hk , no issue with billing , very clean bathroom and super flat screen tv . would stay again in a heart beat . ultra air conditioned . only meal at the hotel be once for a buffetbreakfast which be decent . overall a great place to come back to relax after a day on the humid street of

i be a little disappoint on arrival as the hotel look like a   office building . however , be pleasently surprise with the interior . rooms be spacious and have a nice feel about them . bed be soooo comfy . we have a harbour view which be nice

we get charge just to sitt in the pool area , my daughter have short dip    and then   usd pr person ! a shame for a hotel like this ! we ask for breakfast include , but they charge us ! to east drink in this hotel be too expensive

i surprise my husband with a night   the royal garden hotel on his birthday . we really enjoy the roof top pool   very relax in the middle of all the hustle and bustle . in general , it 's a good hotel   great value for what it have to offer . the room be what you 'd expect from any decent hotel   the bathroom may need a little upgrade   feel dated . bed be very comfy and we sleep like babies . we could even see a little bit of the harbour from our window ! it 's a great location   a nice post dinner stroll along the harbour front   close to mtr , and perhaps a   to   minutes leisurely walk to the star ferry

outstanding hotel with excellent staff from baggage handling to check in and out , assistance with dinner and tour reservations . great location to nathan st . and the harbor . large comfortable room , excellent room service and overall , a most enjoyable experience . i would hight recommend this hotel to anyone stay for either a short or long stay

this hotel be consistent in its fantastic service and location be hard to beat in kowloon . go for rooms higher up on the executive floor if you can   this will give a respite from the often noisy bars across the road awful western bars , but a couple of good restaurant along the front . if you want total peace and quiet , ask for a corner room at the back   you will sleep so soundly , but with no view . view from these rooms across to hk island be also fantastic on a clear day

i be there to hong kong for a business i have book myself into rg , its in the tsim sha sui area its a excellent hotel with superb rooms , restraunts and a roof swim pool and gym

as first time visitor to hong kong we find the royal garden to be a wonderfully first class hotel . we choose royal garden from tripadvisor comment and photo and thank you member we be not disappointed royal garden be beautifully staff , maintain and incredibly clean the rooms be spacious,comfortable and surprisingly homely . the appointments,toiletries,beds and linen be crisp and clean and the shower be   to none ! the gym,pool area and rooftop garden be again in wonderful shape for a   + year old hotel,we want for nothing

stay here for   night on a business trip   price be very competitive and on reflection , think it would be a good place to go for pleasure as well due to its central location and range of restaurant and amenities . nice atrium style hotel

this be a pleasant hotel , recommend by a hong kong resident ex pat . not the best hotel we have stay in in hong kong and this be our   visit . we be upgrade to de luxe but frankly could not fathom why it be so called . have great view of the waterfront and perhaps that be why . the room be light and airy and house keep be excellent but overall it be a little tired . the room also appear to have be design for smaller race than european as the bath be small and we have to duck under the shower but these be small matters . the bed be queen size and comfortable . position good enough and plenty of eatery nearby and a delifrance opposite for breakfast although the service be appal and slow with aggressive staff and some clearly do not love their job or their customer ! ! for a new visitor to hong kong i would recommend a hotel closer to the heart of things back towards tsim sha shui this hotel be in tsim sha tsui east or for better value in jordan or monkok . do not choose to eat in the hotel at all as the price be very high compare to local restaurant although they all appear to be attractive and well appointed . rooms surround a central atrium which be very attractive and be view from open lift and the corridor to the rooms . however this do mean that cooking smell drift up to the rooms from the main restaurant where there be some cooking at open grill take place and also noise from the entertainment can be hear in the rooms from ,say ,   to around   overall , whilst this a decent hotel , a visitor can do better elsewhere although difficult to put a finger on why we be slightly disappointed . maybe it be the price as with very poor exchange rate at present with Â £ uk it cost us approx Â £   per night

we book this hotel on the recomendation of friend and be not disappointed . within easy walk distance of the waterfront , laser show , view of hk island and yet a cool , calm oasis to retreat to at the end of a busy day

fantastic hotel base just minutes from the promenade in kowloon . staff very helpful from front desk to maids . room clean every day , sometimes more than once ! complimentary bottled water and fresh fruit . rooms exceptionally clean and even have a pillow menu ! we do not get charge for use of the sky club , which we be expecting . fabulous large pool , jacuzzi , gym and sauna . almost always quiet . pool attendant could n't do enough for you . very easy to get around with an mtr station just around the corner from the hotel entrance . all in all highly recommend

we stay here for   night on our way to europe . we book this hotel base on the review on tripadviser and i must say that it be a good choice

we stay here for   night en route to australia and be well please with our choice . have read all the previous review , we book through the hotel 's own website , which give us free entry to the pool and gym complex   far too expensive if you have to pay separately

this hotel be far below what a western traveler should expect from a   hotel . we book through a travel agent in macau for all   and be assure that we have access to the hotel 's amenities . upon arrival , we be tell that we do not have access and that we could buy it for a mere     per day , despite already pay a fair rate for a   hotel ! it feel like we be be nickled and dimed . i try to stay only one night and get a refund for the remain night , but the management be intractable and unwilling to help in any way . thumb way down for friendliness and service . not what one would expect from a   hotel

the royal garden be a great middle of the road hotel . hong kong , and especially mainland china tend to overstate their     star    rating   many times leave traveler disappoint w  the     they be spending . in the tst east section of hong kong there be only a few really nice hotel to stay at   the grand stanford , shangri la , intercontinental and the royal garden . the royal garden be probably the lowest on the list as far as upgrade , luxury rooms , but it be also the least expensive . it also happen to be in the triangle of the best area in tst east . the only downfall be you do not have a clear view of the harbour    but who care , it 's all about the location and every restaurant in hk have harbour view , you will see the harbour plenty during your stay in hk

i am not sure if it be because we 'd just travel for   hours , but the royal garden hotel exceed our expectation and be a lovely hotel to end a holiday in

spend   night in a crown twin room upgrade from executive which include hotel club facility the room have reasonable partially restrict harbour views . harbour view rooms appear limited so you would need to request if view be important . the room itself be small and in need of update . the club facility be also look a bit tired and not exceptional . gym     roof top pool area be good , although again could do with a bit of an update

i agree with the majority of the positive review and point already write so will try not to repeat them too much ! some of the key point be below

book standard   upgrade to executive room free of charge . large room with all amenities   extremely clean and comfortable . have stay previously on hong kong island would recommend kowloon as a much better location . right next to waterfront avenue of the star close to mrt station and ferry

i travel to hong kong on business and have find the royal garden to be a wonderful hotel for my needs . the service be excellent and the price be extremely reasonable . i have stay at several other hotel before find the royal . i be finally satisfy with a great place to set up shop , yet be comfortable during my stay . the best choice i have find here

i be suppose to stay just for one night , but i end up stay for two and luckily because i have just     met    the amazing pool on the second day . it 's a fantastic pool , on the   floor , and that have an all year round temperature of   degree

amazing luxury hotel , amazing city . absolutely love our trip to hong kong . the hotel be in a great location in kowloon ,   block away from the harbour . about   min walk to star ferry ,   min walk to nathan road and shop , bars and restaurant in the same block

i have just return from a   week work stay at the royal garden . i find it to be an excellent hotel with good service throughout

the royal garden be a wonderful place to stay . we have book a standard room through expedia very cheap but be allocate a superior room . the room be gigantic , as be the bed   i have stay in rooms elsewhere which be smaller than the bed ! every facility you would expect plus more newspaper , tea     coffee make , etc . the pool and other leisure facility be out standing . staff very helpful . restaurant look good and be busy but we do not use them mainly because there be so much elsewhere to choose from my favourite be red pepper on hk island . from the room service menu , i would be surprise if they be more expensive than the go rate for good restaurant

we stay in a tripple rom on the seventh floor , very good room,excellent service the hotel have an aura of evergreen elegance and grace , the staff be most helpful , the room service and housekeep be super the hotel be locate close to everything that a tourist would like to see in hk , transport be virtually at door , the free bus from the airport express station stop right next door . we can sincerely recommend this hotel to those who like clean , upmarket hotel that do n't destroy the bank account

i think the hotel be well locate for its money . it be not new , but maintain in a good condition . walk distance from the bay . many restaurant within and around

just come back from hong kong where we spend   night at the royal garden hotel in kowloon . we find the hotel through tripadvisor com then rate in the top   and have to say that we be not disappointed . it be well appoint , the staff be helpful and friendly , the room a deluxe room be an excellent size , clean and maintain daily , and the amenities be excellent . the floor staff on our floor be exceptionally thoughtful

a wonderful hotel , very clean and comfortable . rooftop gym and pool be of very good quality and our room be just the ticket after a   hour flight

fabulous hotel , great location in kowloon , about a   minute walk along the waterfront to the star ferry terminal . the atrium be beautiful and the staff be very friendly . we originally ask for a non smoking room but they give us a smoking room that smell like an ashtray ! eventually the move our room to a corner room that be alot bigger than the standard room , but it overlook the dirty backstreets where there be a sex shop with flash lights   not a nice sight . appart from this everything inside the hotel be fantastic and clean . i fully reccomend this hotel

we elect to stay on the kowloon side this trip and stay at the royal garden have read good review on this site . we love this hotel . our economy room be small but have comfortable bed , no view , but a good workstation and broadband . the bathroom be also small with the shower over the bath , but have great water pressure   i like the tap with filter water at the wash basin

this be a very nice hotel that have a lower profile than many of the other   star kowloon property but have alot to offer . location be   minute walk from metro station , across from shangri la hotel and   minute walk to nathan road as a frequent hk visitor , be   minutes off nathan road be a good thing . the rooms be decent size for hong kong and the bathroom and bed be high quality . the service have be very good , more like a smaller hotel . one of the main attraction be a huge rooftop pool   meter long , rooftop jacuzzi , rooftop tennis court and a very good gym . there be a number of restaurant on the property and they be offer hotel guest     discount , but naturally there be hundred of restaurant within a   minute walk . i normally stay at shangri la but find a much better price here , so i give it a try base on tripadvisor review

let me start always an ominous start by say we have stay at the royal garden about   times in the   's and   times in the   's

really   hotel , travel to hk on business twice a year , lovely rooms , new one on top floor be fab , hotel rooftop swim pool ca n't be beaten , b fast amazin            downside ? some room view be n't great and do n't spend any evening in the hotel restaurant or bars so not sure what they be like  

we stay here for   night and it be a brilliant place to stay in hk

we stay in a standard room at the royal garden for three nights . rooms be relatively small but very comfortable . the furnishing be high quality but quite date in style   think old world glamour rather than modern chic . bed be extremely comfortable

i have a great three night stay at this hotel in september

my wife and i stay there for seven nights . i be on business and my wife be sightseeing . we have a lovely view of the harbour . the room be large,clean and quiet . the room be clean in the morning and in the evening the bed be turn down , a chocolate on the pillow and the towel change

my family and i stay at royal garden for   night and it be a great experience for us . the service be great . the room and washroom be very clean and update

have stay at royal garden several times . however , this last time be personal trip and it be absolutely wonderful ! breakfast buffet in greenery be wonderful everyday and rooftop pool and gym be wonderful . this be such a beautiful hotel and staff be so nice . will continue to go back every time   love this property and location in kowloon . highly recommend at any

royal garden hong kong be fantastic . this be a true   star quality hotel in a fabulous location . we stay in a deluxe room with a harbour view which also give us access to the rooftop pool and gym it 's worth pay the extra . everything about our stay here be perfect   staff be great , service be exceptional and the facility be first class

over the last few years i have stay in a lot of hotels . this be by far the best experience i have have in a hotel in a very long time

i have a pleasant stay at the royal garden hotel . the room and bathroom be both clean . the bed and pillow be comfortable . of course i love the flat screen tv on the wall

we stay at the hotel for three night , and think it be a pretty good deal . the hotel do n't look much from the outside , but its pretty spectacular from the inside . the rooms be a decent size   not huge but roomy enough for two . we love the crisp white bed and   inch flat screen tv on the wall

i love the hotel , it be very clean , the staff very friendly and helpful , the hotel be suppoed to be   star , i would give it   ! !

i stay at the royal garden for work on trip to hong kong , and i have have several different room locations . the rooms in the middle that open into the central atrium be very loud and the singer piano player go late in to the night and he 's not great ! this time i get a corner room   it have a view thru the building to the harbor , it be tuck in a corner and be so quiet and lovely

we have a great stay ! ! ! the front desk officer be very warm and the rooms be very beautiful and well maintained   no worry for ur important things  u can put it in the vault inside the room and the good night chocolate be yumm   the location be good too ! ! ! ! i really recommend this hotel  i love our   days stay here ! ! ! ! ! kudos ! ! !

if you want to relive the glory days of the   this be the perfect place to do it . more marble and gold plate than you can shake your bouffant hairdo at . that say , the royal garden be a very comfortable hotel and we have a great stay there . pretty good value by hong kong standard too

we be so happy with our stay at the royal garden

we begin our vacation by stay at this hotel and end our vacation by stay at this hotel . on both occasions we be very please

on arrival at reception we find the executive room we have book be not there for us . we be offer an upgrade to a suite for Â £   for three night which seem reasonable

in the center kowloon , near nathan road but in a quite corner , perfect room , very kindly

it be a very good hotel to stay except too much noise during the x'mas time . understand the people celebrate the holiday , but it will be better to cut down the sing after       location be excellent , room be clean . our kid love the plasma tv , but they be disappoint could n't go swim , because it be too expensive . it count by person hk     each , not by room

we stay at this hotel for a week in october . what an amazing hotel with superb service . we all feel very spoil

when we arrive at the hotel , the exterior of the hotel have a slight   's look to it and i become a little nervous . i become even more nervous when we be show our non smoking two bed request and be give a queen which clearly reek of smoke . once the room issue be resolve , we relax into the hotel

this be a very nice hotel . however , the price i be quote for the room be not the price i end up paying . it seem they add on a bunch of hotel 'service fees, ' which amount to an extra   pounds . not sure what these be suppose to be . they certainly be n't for room service

we stay at the royal garden at the end of a trip to mainland china , and be thrill with the hotel , its location , its rooms , and the service . if at all possible , upgrade to a suite , in which case you have a wonderful view of the city , a beautiful big room with everything you could possibly want , and free use of the sky club    the fitness center and rooftop pool    which be beautiful and convenient . the restaurant in the hotel be top rate and the concierge be very helpful in find and book other restaurant as well as in provide direction and general help

we stay in this hotel in september  

book thru cathay pacific holiday at a good rate     be very please with the hotel     agree w  the favorable writeups

have book online slightly apprehensive about what the accommodation would be like   we need n't have worry ! absolutely gorgeous hotel , excellent service , spotlesss rooms , incredibly helpful staff . dine at the hotel twice during our short stay and the food be sensational and fantastic value . would recommend this hotel without hesitation . location a short walk from the harbour   cold n't have be more please with our choice

royal garden hotel   have the best memory ! !

my son age   and i stay twice at the royal garden hotel on route in scotland during august . although the outside of the hotel be nothing special the lobby and rooms be great . the room be a twin and by hong kong standard quite large with the nicely deck out bathroom . the attrium with glass lift be lovely . the breakfast buffet be very good , and the room service too be excellent . the pool on the roof be good , although cost hk   per person which i have never hear of , be fantastic . to get there be a bit of a hike with you go to the   floor by lift and then walk up to the   and through corridors . there be some renovation work go on so hopefully this will be remedied . the staff be extremely efficient and helpful to the extent that my son ask one of them to change the   he have buy from chinese to english and they be delight to assist . they assist us with our visa to shenzen , although charge us a bit too much hk     each , it be more convenient and it be easier than queue at the border . the location of the royal garden be fantastic to the mtr and i have have no hesitation in stay there again

the royal garden be in a great location , but the facility be very much shadow by the fact you need to pay extra to use the facilities . this have never be the norm becuase all the   star hotel i have be stay in welcome you to use the gym sauna etc    but there have never be a sur charge , as well as extend your check out times , there be no negotiation to the extent which suit your timing , if you want to extend your stay , you must pay half day rates . so before you book please ensure you qualify your need

great location , very good room room large for hk standard and view , efficient and helpful staff . would certainly stay again

the royal garden hotel in kowloon be a god value for the money . if you be come into kowloon from the airport , however , be advise that the     free    shuttle do not stop at this hotel  in fact , the people at the train station tell you that the name have be changed . nonetheless , the bus stop right next door , so it be be not really too much of a problem unless you be not aware of the circumstances . the food in the hotel be vary and incredibly expensive . the sabitini , the award winning italian restuarant , be worth the money for the     businessman 's lunch     the japanese restaurant though be a total rip off . label the     best tempura    in the last   years be ridiculous . the price be beyond the reach of all but the fattest business account . i eat there one night with my nephew and together our bill be over     us dollars  and i have to go across the street for dessert ! the staff be very helpful and courteous . the price for use the internet be     hk for   minutes  to say nothing of     hk per page for printing on a just next level dot matrix printer . find somewhere else to talk to the kid ! larry

i stay at the royal garden hotel for three night in   the first two on the   floor and the last on the   floor . i know the hotel be posh when i see a ferrari and about   mercedes outside . when i arrive i be give the option of upgrade to a delux room for around     a night . for this i would receive my breakfast free of charge , have access to the crown lounge and to the sky spa on the   floor amounst other things like afternoon tea and a free cocktail . in say this my standard room also include free access to the sky spa and to the crown business lounge . the reception staff be very nice and quick . the delux room be lovely . i have the usual bathroom with toothbrush , and various product by neutrogena , a plasma tv , mini bar expensive ,as they all be and soft bed . there be no alarm clock which be a pity as i be worry that i would sleep in . a newspaper be deliver to the room every morning and i never see the housekeep but it be always do when i get back . the room also have a digital safe . the pool on the rooftop be amazing and it be nice to have a view of the city from their and relax in the jacussi . there be also a gym but i do n't go near it as i am not that kind of person . too lazy i guess . anyway , i eat in the garden court restaurant the first night   i have half a chicken and some beef along with wine and plenty of green tea . the service and presentation be very good but i only like the food rather than love it . however the jasmine tea be amazing and well worth trying even if you hate tea . the view from the glass lift as you come down from the   floor be great . the hotel make you feel special with its warm staff and luxurious surroundings . i would recommend it , thoug it be pricey . when you leave the hotel there be a number of shop very close by if your look for designer good , they be everywhere and every bit as expensive as paris , london etc . its nice to walk around the kowloon area and just window shop and look around and i feel that it be very safe though its a good idea to always look as if you know where you be going . the royal garden be in a very good location to the shop and subway and be a plesent place to stay . ps i be upgrade to the     pelican    suite at least i think that be the name on the third day . this room be pure luxury with the best bathroom i have ever seen . this must be how wealthy politician travel . enjoy your holiday

i be very impress with the royal garden hotel . the hotel atrium be gorgeous and my daughter love go up and down the glass lift to our room . our room as quite large by hong kong standard and i be very impressed . with all our bag and then shopping , it be good not to be stay in a shoe box which i have previously stay in , in hong kong . whilst the view from our room of the front of the hotel be nothing to rave about , i would definitely stay there again . the staff be always helpful

we love this hotel . check in be simple , the staff friendly and helpful some know more than others . the best feature be the   ' exquisite heated rooftop pool and jacuzzi , with a lightshow every night at   opt for breakfast at the delifrance right across the street , also a starbucks there if you prefer . location be great   less crowd than the canton road hotel and quick access to many restaurant and shop on this side of tst

i have stay at the rg several times for both business and pleasure

we love it here ! stay   night on a topover to australia . great location   lovely walk along the harbour front to central kowloon and we have a lovely view over the harbour from our room . the room be very comfortable with nice touch such as chocolate on the pillow and slippers . the atrium be beautiful and we love the glass lift

