hotel be next to four shopping centre   which be very expenive to buy clothes

nice hotel , great location . our pleasant experience be ruin by a rude staff who insult us . i file a complaint with the assistant manager and of course what i get be an excuse . they should teach their staff good manners , they be in the hospitality business

sha tin be not in the centre of town ! that say , if you do n't mind a   min journey to the harbourside , the hotel be excellent and great value . direction to the hotel be sign in teh shopping plaza when you exit sha tin station . tip   do n't eat breakfast in the hoel , but go to the top floor of the shopping plaza   and have the dim sum at maxim palace   great food and lots of local stop by on teh way into work shop . airport transfer by metro be tire     change and take around an hour

we spend   week here . great location with easy access by train and choice of bus to kowloon and hong kong . the room be bigger than the average hk hotel and have all the amenities we would need . ca n't comment on the restaurant as we do n't use them but they be always busy so must have be ok . we book direct with the hotel and get a better rate than through a book site . would definately stay there again if we ever return to

have n't be to this hotel for a decade , it be renovate for the   olympics , so the hotel be fairly new , very bright and room be comfortable . attach to a huge mall , so u can shop til you drop . many many restaurant in the mall so a lot to choose from . service be top notch , everyone of their staff be so friendly and helpful . one thing not so satisfactory be their buffet breakfast at the   +   cafe , not many choice and the food be a bit plain . other than that , great value , great service !

although we only stay for   night but everything be spot on ! we have a large room with mountain view , extra large bed not as we be massive . room decorate to a high standard . hotel staff very helpful and friendly . plenty of restaurant to choose from . hotel locate next to major shopping centres . fitness centre and swim pool be clean and staff service at all time . will definately stay in this hotel again when we return next time

my wife and i be there from   sep   both of us be previously executive in the service line,we have to admit that this hotel have high standard in terms of customer service the room be also large and so be the bathroom and nicely renovated housekeeping be also commendable front office be attentive and speedy the person in charge of guest service , mr . fung be quite a professional in what he do and he make every effort to ensure that your stay there a pleasant one if u want real value for money,this be the hotel ! the hotel be also link to a giant shopping mall name new town plaza with over   trendy shop and shatin mtr and its only a   minutes train ride to tsim sha tsui here i would like to congratulate the hotel manager , mr . cheung for manage such an effective and efficient hotel my wife and i be already plan to put up there again during our next trip to hong kong

we stay at the royal park hotel for four night and the hotel be great . the rooms be huge by hong kong standard , there be tons of shopping the hotel be attach to a huge mall and food nearby . transportation be convenient . the hotel staff be wonderful

have stay in quite a few hong kong hotel mainly kowloon and mongkok i have to say this be the best hotel i have stay in . yes , its a little further out of town , but , for     about   you can get the mtr to tst . the mtr be only a few minutes walk through the town plaza mall . this be a far superior hotel money wise compare to what you would get in kowloon or on the island . i will be stay here for all of my future trip to hk . the rooms be excellent , always clean and the staff be very helpful

this a little gem and will suit a lot of people

i have stay in this hotel more than a handful of times throughout the years . the hotel be in a perfect location in my opinion . away from the crowd kowloon and tsim sha tsui but close enough by underground train system , mtr to get there in under   minutes . the hotel be attach by indoor walkway to the largest mall in hong kong that include the top store incl . levi and armani , dozens of restaurant and bakery and even a movie theater and arcade that be perfect for children . the mtr station be also base in the mall so when weather be bad there be no need to go outside the platform themselves be cover to stay dry !

amazingly cheap , very nice almost upper class hotel   staff be excellent , room be big and pretty luxurious . i ca n't really fault this hotel at all , certainly not base on the cost which be around Â £   gbp per night ! you have to pay for internet access in the room , but it 's cheap and do n't add much to the overall cheapness of the room per night . the location be in shatin , which be a bit out of the way , but the transport system in hk be excellent and it be easy to travel around the island use this hotel as a base . i would definitely stay here again

we pay approx   us dollar and the royal park be worth every penny

spend   nites ,   days at this hotel   large rooms for hk , very nicely renovated . the rooms be large , and bed be comfortable . everything look new . breakfast be better than average . another big plus point be link to the shatin new town plaza by link way . enjoy good food at shatin new town plaza   crystal jade xiao long bao , maxim palace and the hotel 's japanese restaurant sakurada serve up fantastic value and quality teppanyaki sashimi set ! there be a nice     discount on weekday too . we choose this hotel as it be easy to get sheung shui  lo wu via train where we need to be and yet near enough to kowloon if we need to skip to town . like the other reviewer , the public airport bus no   , very comfortable aircon ride , be the most convenient just outside the hotel provide both to and fro transport at a steal   ! ! we love that it drop us off at departure hall the international terminal on the return trip . the cheapest we have pay for airport transfer in hk ! it be as convenient or if not more than the usual airport shuttle   ? . will stay here again

our family meet up at this hotel for christmas   , come from several different countries . we take the executive longstay package , with breakfast , internet access , and evening cocktail in the lounge include

i stay at the royal park hotel for   night and get a good deal from agoda .com . the rooms be relatively spacious for a hotel in hong kong . they be very clean and very new . the staff at the hotel be extremely helpful and i would have rate this hotel a   have it not be for the location

my mom , an old lady travel alone , be treat poorly and humiliate by the receptionist . this be her worst experience stay in an hotel anywhere in the world . the incident be settle by one of the managers . however , when i write an e mail to complain , there be no response . their rooms be nicely renovate , but their service really bring shame on the hospitality industry of hong kong

good

after reading many hotel review , i realize this hotel have amazing reviews . it be absolutely wonderful . link to the train station by a huge shopping mall , one could travel from sha tin to kowloon in under   minutes . from there you could go anywhere , consider that hong kong be so incredibly organized . every single method of transportation run on time and perfect . the hotel have a great pool , in fact the picture on the website do not make the pool justice . the staff be helpful and friendly and if one go to hong kong for leisure it be perfect . the amazing racecourse al sha tin be only one stop away with the train . for a business person perhaps it be slightly away from all banking and business centres . all in all i would go back anytime , great hotel and fantastic destination

we arrive around       at airport and take   bus only   per person and take about   minutes which drop us right in the front of the hotel   very convenient to go anywhere yes it be a bit far from tsim sha tsui     hong kong island but the station be very close , and the room be big for a hotel in hong kong . i also like the bed which be n't too soft , and the bathroom be great . this be definitely not a place for party animal , but great for business trip and family

i have stay in this hotel for   week in christmas time with my partner . hong kong be my home town , return for holiday in royal park be a good choice . i have get the long staying executive package which include a superior room with river view , at the christmas the view be amazing . the room come in a good size as compare to other hotel in hong kong , with comfortable bed , it would be better if they provide also a sofa , as my friend visit me , there be not enough seats . good and clean bathroom , however the amenities be so so , i suggest bring your own shampoo and shower gel . also the in room free minibar be a joke as there be only two can of soft drink and beer . maybe because there be a lounge outside ? anyway the executive lounge be quite good , i enjoy the snack and drink they provide , and so as the internet . the staff at the lounge be polite and cheerful

we stay here on a stopover from europe to australia . we have stay in hong kong before , in town , in kowloon and at shatin , but this be the most modern , spacious and extremely comfortable hotel of all and reasonably priced . great staff , who be friendly and helpful and the hotel be great if you actually want to spend time rest in the room . there be a really nice partly cover swim pool , steam room and fitness centre , and the hotel be attach by walkway to a very large shopping complex . it take the same time to get to this hotel as to the hotel in town , just the opposite direction

staff very polite . rooms be huge   the same size as an average   bedroom flat in hong kong

we have purchase the long stay package offerred by the hotel to stay   nights . everything be very nice about the hotel . our package be for the 'economy room ' but it be free upgrade to the 'superior room ' same room type but higher floor without me asking . check in be fast and the front desk staff be very polite . the package include breakfast for   person , and the food be very good

i read all the review online before i decide to book this hotel . we book it under an air ten night package for     what a great deal and it turn out even better . the hotel room be surprise large , clean and the security system be great . do n't use the hotel shuttle to tst . it costs     one way which be too expensive . we take the train which locate inside the new world plaza phrase iii , it only cost     each way to tst for four stop or to mok kwok east where ladey street be for two stops . to take a bus   to airport only cost     the bus be every   minutes and the bus stop just in front of the hotel lobby . no need to pay     plus for the airport shuttle

ok , first of all i 'll admit this be a particularly negative review . you know how sometimes one thing really annoys you , so it ruin your entire stay trip ? well , this be what happen at the royal park hotel in hong kong

thanks so much for the reviews  i be worry we would be let down as we spend the first half of our trip at the intercontinental kowloon , but the royal park be a pleasant surprise . the rooms be finish to a high standard , and the location be no problem . the mtr connects through the mall huge shopping mall , anything you 'd ever want and it 's minutes to anywhere . the mall , mtr stations , train , public area be all spotless . if you stay here , do n't miss the   buddha temple  it be very cool

after extensive research on trip advisor , reading all the review on other travel site , we zero in on the royal park in shatin

great value since they refurbed top location right in mid of big shopping mall and station  good pool and

i be visit cuhk and they book at room at the royal park hotel for my visit . this turn out to be my best hotel experience ever

i stay at the royal park with my wife for   nites in december   for vacation . overall , we think the hotel be very nice    with nice rooms and nice common areas . we be upgrade to a superior room at no cost . as far as i could tell , the only difference between a standard and superior be that the superior have a fridge . my only disappointment and it be minor be that there be no ipod player . the gym and pool look especially nice , although we do n't use either . service at the front desk and concierge desk be very good and check in and check out both go extremely smoothly . we get an excellent rate     plus tax + service charge on orbitz , a great site to use since your credit card be not charge until you show up at the hotel and cancellation penalty be low and generally do n't kick in at all unless you cancel   or   days before arrival . also , although our orbitz reservation do not indicate it , our rate include free shuttle service , which some guest apparently have to pay a small fee for . we do not eat at the hotel restaurant but we do order room service once . i have a burger which be fine but my wife have a beef and noodle dish which she do not like at all

the view from our room be just magnificent . there be the usual building typical of hk set against a backdrop of green rolling hill or low mountain ? and a lake . this hotel be locate in a sort of mega complex . it 's connect to new town plaza , an upscale mall store and restaurant be mid to high end , which be also connect to the sha tin mtr station . so when you get off the station , you walk through the mall to get to the hotel . it 's very convenient , you do n't even have to step outside . it 's   mins . away from tsim sha tsui via mtr . the location be perfect if you want to sleep away from the busier tst area but still have easy access to it . there be also a bus stop right outside the hotel where you can catch the airport bus and others . we get upgrade to the executive floor at no extra charge so i think maybe our room be a little bit better than the typical standard rooms . the room bathroom be big , bright , beautiful and perfectly clean . the decor style be modern with a touch of asian aesthetics , just enough to make it non generic . it do n't have any unpleasant smell even though it be a smoking room . the bed be soft and comfy . there be a big lcd tv with cable and both wi fi and broadband internet be available in the room although i do n't know if it 's free since we do n't bring a laptop . my husband do use the internet in their business center for a fee i think   for half an hour . the staff be friendly and helpful and check in check out be a breeze . we also find a small playground call snoopy 's world in an outdoor area between the hotel and the mall . my son have fun play there . it be small but it have a cute water ride , a playground and a diner . it 's very photo friendly because it 's decorate with snoopy and cartoony stuff . compare to other hk hotel , the price be awesome for all the things royal park have to offer . no wonder it 's rate as one of hk 's top hotel on tripadvisor . it 's definitely on top of my personal list . love it

the hotel be conviniently locate next to the mall and mtr station . there be a mtr line from east tsim sai tsui to sha tin mtr . it only take about three minutes to walk , thru the mall , from sha tin mtr to the hotel

i have a difficult time figure out how to get to this hotel . but that be more an issue with the system at the airport   than the hotel itself . this be a really nice hotel . the concierge desk people be very good . and the rooms be good . during my stay the first two nigths be great . but on the third night , the night before my big presentation the next day   a couple with a scream baby move in next door ! so i just suck it up and go to do my presentation . when i return i politely inquire to the front desk if i could change rooms    but i want a comparable room would n't mind an upgrade for the trouble of pack a day early essentially . so front desk say     okay     then i be take to my new room    smaller and further from elevator ! in addition , the new room have two burn out lamp and lack a bathrobe . i do n't usually use the latter , so no big deal , but you get my point that they do n't pay attention to details . so i tell front desk i be not happy . they just say     whatever    and offer to give me the original room back ! so basically , i be inconvenience , and when i politely address the issue = i be downgrade at same price . they insist the smaller room have a better view ? ! ? ! so , i guess i would describe them as a   star in four star clothing . in a pinch , good place = because new town plaza be attach   so you can pretty much get anything you want from there , and the mtr have a station in the plaza . also , bus   go right to the front of the hotel . and at the time i stay there be be a hk     trip = good value . the other thing , my original room face the apartment complex and i get free wifi . when i be put in my new romm , poof , no wifi . and the price for get the internet be hk     a day

this hotel be up to the standard of any four star property in asia which be several steps above the equiviliant in the us or europe . i frequently travel in the region , usually at high end luxury properties . if there be two things i value most in any hotel , its uniqueness and flexibility . i hate generic chains , and this hotel be anything but . its pure class , without be generic  little decorative touch make all the difference . the location be not central although there be a metro only a   min indoor   through a mall  walk from your room , but i be here for a conference at the chinese university of hong kong , and the location be perfect . take only   min door to door , include the university shuttle bus

the royal park hotel be a fantastic hotel that aspire to be up there with some of the best in the world , a fantastic entrance with space impose mirror marble floor and golden frame doorways  

this be a very nice   + star hotel . it be locate about a   minute subway mrt ride from downtown kowloon in the suburb , which be really nice in terms of get away from the noise and crowds . the hotel be connect to a few shopping center with food court and supermarkets . the subway mrt station be a   minutes walk thru one of the shopping centers . hotel also have a shuttle service to downtown area . ask for a room overlook the river . there be a very nice walking jogging area along the river . rooms very nice and well appointed . internet available in room , but i find it to be slow . i complain and they take the charge off cost be by the minute , to us     max for   hours . staff try to be very accomodating . i pay about us  

my wife and i choose this hotel on the recommendation of other trip advisor reviewer and be not disappointed . we stay on the executive floor which be cheaper than we expect about     per night and provide service far beyond what be promised . the room be clean and the bathroom be typical of a   star hotel not the   star that this hotel be supposedly rate

we stay one night in this hotel on a stopover in hong kong and we like it very much . the room we book a standard one but i think they give us an upgrade be the best we have ever have in a hotel , large , well equipped and clean . it have a very pleasant river view over the park next door , where scores of people come to do their morning exercises . the staff be very helpful . we do n't use any of the other hotel facility , but i expect they be good

overall , we think his hotel to be pretty good   the staff be friendly and helpful , our room be fine though not overly spacious   the only issue for us be the hotel 's location . it be a long way from what might be call the centre of hong kong

recently refurbish for the olympic equestrian team the rooms be modern , spacious and comfortable with all the amenities you 'd expect . we stay on the executive floor with private check in out and lounge business facility where the service be wonderful . nothing be too much trouble . breakfast offer a wide selection of international cuisine and the chinese restaurant be the best we eat for our entire time in hong kong . the newtown plaza shopping centre be locate next door which be one of the biggest in hong kong and also accommodates an mtr station so get around be easy . i can not recommend this hotel enough as long as you do n't mind stay out of the city

we have just return from a six night stay at the royal park hotel in shatin , hong kong . we book it follow reading review on tripadvisor and be not disappointed . the hotel be   minutes outside of hong kong itself but travel into kowloon be easy . there be an excellent shuttle bus from the hotel free if you book an executive room package and it run on the hour and return from kowloon on the half hour . the train system be also very convenient even if it do involve a little bit of walk and the excellent octopus card which you can purchase at the information desk at airport arrival make travel a breeze . the hotel be very easy to get to from the airport . just exit down the ramp in the middle of arrival and at the bottom , turn right to the bus park make sure you do n't go leave to the tour coach . the card costs   hk dollar include   dollar for the card refundable   hk dollar credit . once you go down the ramp to the exit and turn right look for bus   , get off at the third stop , the one after the bus terminal in shatin mall . the driver do n't give change so the octopus card be your best bet and the bus stop right outside the hotel itself .   hk dollar cover all our travel include the star ferry , bus and train and we do n't need to use a taxi other than from the hotel to the airport for our return which cost   hk dollar as our flight be early before first airport bus at  

i have stay previously a year ago at the royal park hotel and be disappoint with the room   old and musty . however , this stay be much better . i do n't know if it be because i be stay in the upper level see photo or because they be undergo renovations . spa facility be excellent . breakfast buffet be above average   with a good selection of both western and chinese food   cost be ~     per person . checkin checkout be easy and staff be very helpful

we book a longstay package via the hotel website , at a great rate . the royal park be officially list as a   star hotel , but i think that have to be review   i would say it be a potential   to   star hotel

sha tin be a great location on the edge of the new territories . the hotel look out over the pearl river and it 's a short walk to the riverside park . walk along the river be a wonderful respite from hong kong 's busy city streets . the room be large and comfortable . breakfast in the executive room be spartan , so the buffet restaurant be a better deal , although the selection be still not great . the hotel be locate next to two large shopping centre and the mtr . it only take a   minutes by train to kowloon , so if you do n't want to stay in the downtown area , this be a good choice

when i reach the hotel , i be tell to be bring up to   floor to check in as i am stay executive . the receptionist call a guy to bring me up because u need the keycard to use the lift . so then we go into the lift together , he press   and   no idea why , he walk out of the   floor to continue his work i think . he do not say anything and leave , so i ask , 'is this the floor i suppose to be ? ' he point at the   floor and left . i reach the executive floor and get lost . nobody anywhere . i wander for   to find the hide lounge for check in . i stay for   night , twice during breakfast , nobody greet me , ask me if i want coffee or tea , i can see and hear the executive receptionist and butler talk and laugh non stop because they be right in front of my table . i be the only one have breakfast btw . since nobody seem to bother , i just do watever i want , so after breakfast i use the internet in the exec . lounge , i see minimise blog of the butler . cos his pic be everywhere . the mini bar in the room be really deceiving . there 're only   can or beer and soft drink , thats all . be executive package , i get free mini bar consumption and free top up . it be not top up at all . i also remember when i check in , i ask if i can use credit card for deposit and pay cash when checking out , they say yes , but when i check out , they say sorry , credit card have already be charged . i write in to tell them wat i have go through but to get an email in a non apologic way say they be sorry give such bad experience but such experience not mean overall performance for olyimpic choose hotel

we choose to stay in the executive suite , it be very nice and worth pay the extra money . you have acces to the exec lounge where you can go for breakfast and have snack and drink all day . we also spend most night in the exec lounge have cocktail and food , which be certainly a nice way to finish the day . it be very private and quiet in there and the staff make you feel special . we certainly would reccommend this hotel and pay the extra to have the exec floor because it be all include in the room rate . and the hotel shuttle to down town be included . the only thing which we think be a bit misleading be the free mini bar , as it only have two cool drink and two beer in it . but i guess if you can access free drink all day in the exec loung it do n't matter

its a fantstic place . the hotel be link to a shopping centre which have a train stop . only   to get into hk island . room be large , comfy and great to relax in . even they help me to find good indian eatry near by fotan mtr exit b asra indian restaurant  www asra com hk i have a great experience at this place

we have a great stay at the royal park . it be so conveniently locate right next to a shopping mall and access to the mtr transit system which be the only way to get around hong kong

i styaed at this hotel in january and this hotel be great excellent services amazing rooms very clean staff be good . the locate be very good a little bit off the main thoroughfare but they provide a shuttle to kowloon which be a bonus when i go back to hong i will stay here again and again . the food be also very good and staff speak good english . if you be planning to stay here not hesitate

i have stay here for   consecutive nights . the price be great since i be on their long stay packing  which cost me nett hk     inclusive of all tax for corporate rate ! the standard room be big and come with a two seater couch too  very modern design throughout the whole hotel , they have just recently refurnished  so it be fantastic

we decide to stay at this hotel for just under   week as a way to see the rest of hk , and for the price it be absolutely great

i be very impress with the standard of the hotel for its price range . it be impeccably clean throughout , with modern decor and generously size rooms as state in other reviews . there be some construction work currently go on adjacent to the hotel and even one of the hotel 's restaurant , but i could n't hear any of this from my   floor room at all . the view directly out my window be of apartment across the road , but if i want to look at the view i could sit in the window nook and look out at the mountain

after our disappointment with the royal plaza in kowloon , we spend our last night in hong kong at the royal park which be in sha tin . be n't expect much for the cheap price we pay , but boy be we wrong . this hotel be top notch ! modern , clean line decor throughout the hotel . rooms be spacious and linen be soft and quite comfy . hotel provide an hourly shuttle bus to tsim sha tsui do n't take it but nice to know it be available and be connect to a shopping mall with train station connections . although further away from tst and many of the tourisity attraction , it be nice to be away from the hustle and bustle of kowloon

this have get to rank among the best hotel that i have ever be in . courteous service , convenient location next to many shopping mall , the   route to from the airport , and a short walk from a train station , and impeccably clean

this be a great hotel to stay at , if you plan to see all of hong kong and not just the kowloon and hong kong island . it   way to lo wu , the border with shenzhen , china

despite its convenient location and reasonable price usd     per night with a double bed , i be a little suspicious as to the quality of the hotel . but i be pleasantly surprise

amazing hotel in an amazing city

i book this hotel not realize where sha tin be locate but decide to try it anyway . turn out to be a fantastic hotel , better than the regent , kowloon , sheraton , hyatt no longer there and new world . this hotel be rate as a   star , but deserve   stars . i suggest book the executive room package . the cost be usd   night but this be a partial list of what be free daily   in room office broadband internet access , their own shuttle 'to ' the airport , press of one suit , free drop off pick up to the peninsula hotel , reservation require daily buffet breakfast , everything in the minibar , newspaper , cocktail hour , private lounge for the executive rooms , separate checkin out area and more    this be only what we used . since we be not service fee 'd to death we end up save in the long run versus book the nightly room package . we try the international buffet for breakfast , but with all the tour group , we find it to be very crowd , therefore we retreat to the executive lounge . the staff be very , very helpful and accommodating . rooms bathrooms be spotless and stock with razor , toothbrush , shave cream , cotton ball , bath salt , hairdryer , makeup mirror , plush towel , and adapter . the bed be very comfortable , most likely brand new . the only difficulty be with their internet site . you have to click on   book online , select date then the current package specials dates will appear . we try to pay online and the server keep go down and later , have to change date and the message be not receive by the hotel . they quickly fix the error upon arrival . bring all your paperwork . the hotel restaurant be mediocre , but there be a good chinese restaurant , leu 's garden , next door . capital restaurant be pricey although the food service be great . maxim be recommend for dimsum but we run out of time and miss out . between   , you can watch folks practice tai chi with sword and fan in the hotel plaza garden . there be construction next to the hotel , but the hotel wall be very thick and do not hear any noise except for one day , and that be after   if you have kid , there be a snoopy playground just across the hotel plaza . the train ktr mtr be both locate on the ground floor of the mall , and it be a convenient train subway ride to tsim shai tsui , star ferry and hong kong island . upon arrival we take the airport bus at   for     we be exhaust and they deliver us to the hotel doorstep . best part of this hotel be there be complete silence at night versus the constant honk and construction noise you hear on the kowloon side   love this place

thank goodness for trip advisor . first , we arrive at the hk airport . follow the advice of other traveler , we do a few things . first , we exchange our money at the atm and saved . then , we take the   shuttle bus to the royal park     hkdpp and saved . it be true     drop you directly in front of the hotel

we book with holidaysupermarket and must say it be one the best hotel i have be in . it be better than the the intercont . on the spanish steps in rome as an example imo    see pics . the bright spots be the location from airport to hotel front door     and to downtown hk via train . the cost of travel be stupidly cheap airport     downtown   . travel be in aircon environment , fast , frequent and usually operate   to   convience be another bright spot . the hotel lift be within the a shopper delight . this be no joke .   monster plaza all fully air con . it be bigger better than la vega hotel interconnect or even connecticut , usa famous shopping joint ! but the best thing of all be this

