this be one of the better hotel i have stay in my   visit to hong kong . i stay in the hotel from   nov     nov and the location be superb . the mrt station be just   steps away from the hotel and it have a wide array of good food selection behind the hotel . it be right in the heart of nathan rd and near temple market

my wife and myself embark on a week 's vacation to hongkong , macau     disneyland in hongkong . our first stop be at hongkong and we be book in hotel shamrock . we stay there for two night   on   and   nov

my family me , hubby and   girl         stay in this hotel on   nov to   nov   we have book a deluxe room which come with   double size    queen size bed

one of the worst hotel i ever stayed                wht be there ? be it a hotel ? unfriendly staff,dull and small rooms,worst food ohhh          

just a walk from the night market and authentic chinese restos .

shamrock hotel be a really nice hotel . few steps away from jordan mtr station exit   and near temple st . it 's very accessible to anywhere .   store anywhere . staff be so soo nice to us . they know how to speak and understand english . the rooms be clean and smell good . they often change our towel and slippers . they have a safe , tv , ref , bathtub , hair dryer etc   complete with bath towel , slipper , bath gel , toothbrush , toothpaste , soap . unfortunately , wifi access be not yet available on this hotel but they have broadband anyway . i would stay here again and again and again ! ! i love this hotel so much ! staff be truly marvelous . btw there be plenty of restaurant at the back of the hotel , they 're very cheap and taste good too

this be our   time in shamrock hotel and that only show how satisfy we are    as always very accommodate staff    from bell attendant , to front desk staff , to black uniformed officer , to cafe staff , they show only friendly gesture and friendly smile   contradict to other people who have experience rude action from them , luckily and fortunately , we never feel anything like it from our first time up to our   time   infact , after another   month , we might come back  

consider how small rooms can be in hk , the rooms in shamrock seem to be just right . it be clean and we do n't seem to have any problem during our stay there . the staff be helpful enough and the location be just really good . it 's near the mtr and there be so many shop and restaurant nearby . i would definitely stay here again

shamrock hotel be really nice    but our   days stay in there , only few of the staff express a good attitude . a short , stubby lady at the counter get easily irritate after ask a few questions   and we do n't understand much of what she be say because she be eat her words ! and she get irritate that we do n't get her the first time   but the other lady be kind in talk to us . the other staff , those wear a formal attire be n't that friendly too    they just watch us pass by and very seldom would greet one of us and not all of us   hmmm    but all in all,i love the hotel   but not the staff .

i go hk with my parent for holiday . we have be allocate to stay at this hotel by tour agent . my first impression be good that of its location next to mtr station . but everything change when i step into the hotel room . the room atmosphere be like very shabby and misty . they do not have room for   person so they put in extra bed for us which actually make the room even smaller and difficult to move around . the room environment look old and the hotel management do not upgrade the hotel . the furnish and bed seem very old . i feel that there be better hotel around nathan road . i would try somewhere else on my next hk trip

shamrock hotel be locate centrally but it have get a very rude staff especially at the breakfast buffet . its a small hotel and the rooms be even smaller  i think there be much better option on the nathan road

i really appreciate the immediate action of their manager , sir robbie , to my feedbacks . they 're toilet bathroom will undergo renovation , because of the wrong design . but , overall rating be very good . you 'll feel at home in this hotel . it 's affordable and secured . the location be excellent because it 's very accessible to the mtr and bus station it 's also walk distance from the shopping outlets malls

best location , amiable staff , though room be small but i highly recommend it . very satisfy

our trip be on april   ,   i be travel with my two teenaged boys . that be my ninth visit to hong kong but my first in shamrock hotel . that be my boy ' second trip to hong kong and their first in shamrock hotel , too . on the overall , our stay in this hotel be just okay . the size of the room be similar to the size of the room of the hotel where we stay in singapore . well , as the tourist guide say it , hong kong do n't have the luxury of space . unlike here in the philippines where we have our sprawling lawn , garage for car , etcetera . the best feature of this hotel be its location . we do n't have to walk very far especially with our heavy shopping bag from the train station as jordan exit   be just a stone 's throw from the hotel . however , i do n't find the staff that friendly and accommodating . although , they greet us     good morning    when they would meet us but i get dismayed when i get a frown from their lobby staff when i sneak in our last minute shop item in our luggage at their service counter . they do not display a welcome attitude especially when i request them to release the rope that bind our bag together . well , i insist thus i be able to do what i wanted .

rooms be a tad small but we make do since we spend time only in our hotel rooms at night ie for sleeping . housekeep drop by daily in our   days   night stay at the hotel with fresh towels . so rooms be pretty clean

good value for money because of the location and price . close to jordan mtr and temple street

aptly named . indeed a sham . the room be the tiniest i have ever live in . the bed be in the centre of the room .   inch in front be the telly , which do n't have cnn .   inch to the leave be the wall . and   inch to the leave be the toilet . and oh ,   inch diagonally be the door . let 's not even talk about how dirty it be or whether it have internet connection of course it do n't

its good value for money , best location right on nathan road just next to jordan mrt , near lady market n jade

  i have book my stay at shamrock hotel in hong kong online july at shamrockhotel .com .hk . they reply immediately . i do not regret book this hotel because it be beside the jordan station or mtr which save you time and energy because you will do a lot of walk in hong kong . it 's hard to get around when your hotel be far from the mtr

hotel staff be very polite and helpful ! they speak good english , have a pleasant stay over there . hair dryer and bath tub be also available in the hotel . mtr be just beside the hotel . if i have to say the negative point of the hotel , be that the room be small

i luv the place and the people

hotel room 's pretty clean , ca n't comment less on that    just that the space be soooooo small  several times i get bump here and there , so watch out for that especially when you be get a double bed . my husband be a   footer , so imagine how it make him suffer most   he suggest to change room and upgrade to a larger one , but since we get there only to explore the place what be   night of inconvenience ? we book for     it turn out to be not a very good idea   so if i be you and feel change rooms , do it at once for a more comfortable stay .

if you 're a peninsula type of person , then i would n't recommend stay in the samrock . but if you 're after a place which be reasonably price , good enough to serve your need you do n't stay in hotel all the time after all , and be a stone 's throw away from shopping establisments , then you may want to consider stay there . the rooms be considerably clean , although outdated , and the location be comfortably within a busy part of hk . the hotel staff be very friendly and accomodating . if you need to buy basic stuff , there be more than a couple of convenience store nearby and restaurant all around . the nearest train station be just around the corner jordan so get to and from your destination should n't be a problem . if you 're a coffee addict , the starbucks across the street should be a plus factor

shamrock hotel be not a sham , that 's a fact . 'stayed here last year with my family for our annual holiday break . it be a pleasant , the food be just fine but what i have notice be they serve the same food for breakfast . also , not to mention one of our fellowmen get irritate with the server beacause she take away the guest 's plate eventhough he be not yet do eating . the room be elegant though old fashioned . the bathroom be clean and without a doubt one of the best place in hongkong our hotel bathroom due to cleanliness . the staff be approachable and helpful and you can even leave your things in the lobby , unharmed from any kind of thief . do not be deceive or mislead to the picture that you be see in their website . seem to be that they have the advance and futuristic design but to see be to believe . from my point view , shamrock hotel need a refurbishment , when we be talk about the interior . the former should be update in terms of the design , which be by the way an indespensable one for the edifice . location wise , be very comfortable . situate just beside the jordan mtr station , very convenient for the future and exist client and shoppers . with due respect to the hotel , comfort , no frill , convenience , practical be the best adjective to describe this establishment . i am give it a grade of   out of   and 'really appreciate all the good service of them

very near to subway,convenient nice breakfast buffet,fair price,rooms be clean but i really think they do n't have much sense of beauty in decorate or interior design they have wierd crystal light hang under cheap ceiling in the room out fashioned design seem be create decade ago . strange and old fashion carpet everywhere very old style room door i think the owner try to save money to hire a interior designer,and believe himself could be good interior designer well,the outcome seem to be wrong i suggest they should n't save money for hire a interior designer

i be in hongkong last nov   ,   with my mom . its my second time in hk but i have no idea what the hotel look like . we think that it be just like a pension house actually , i be not really after of the comfort but i just need a place to sleep     where i could keep my things . with the small amount we pay for our stay , who would expect such kind of accomodation . when we arrive , we be surprise to see the place , its location . .etc . its at the center of nathan road surround with shop where one could easily buy watever she  he wants . the rooms be clean , safe     , staff be soooo friendly . it really be beyond our expectation . aside from this , it be very accessible . near jordan terminal     a bus stop in front , next to a japanese bakery     spagetti house . it be next to home since most of their guest be filipinos    im really look forward to go back there probably for a week . so guy , if you want a place thats easy on your budget , then go for this place     i guarrantee you , its worth the penny you spent     enjoy ! !

after our trip last march to hk , we go back just this november   and the usual , the staff be friendly , attentive , fast service , the room we have     superior triple room    be very big   with complimentary fruit , daily morning paper , coffee and tea , plenty of supplies   the breakfast at the   floor be super    free breakfast be include in our reservation , be prepare to go to the comfort room before you go to your shopping journey coz expect a heavy breakfast at their   floor    chix steak , ham and hotdog , croissant bread , salad , yoghurt , black berry , fry rice , pie , and many many more    but their chix steak rocks  

we have just spend   days at the shamrock   our first visit to hong kong . it prove an excellent choice . why

central hotel,easy to locate , on nathan rd . cheap bus to airport just up the road . smooth check in and out . kowloon park nearby pleasant and have a pool . tastyjapanese bakery almost next door to hotel . be n't sure what we be buy but it be mainly delicious and make for a cheap and fill breakfast . have n't try red bean doughnut before . hong kong be open all hours for shopping and eating . extremely cheap meal   we eat in little cafe   bowls of noodle , meat and veg for no more than Â £   a meal . not good for vegetarian though or the faint hearted . old western district on hk island v interesting as be tram ride . transport cheap . overall , hong kong brilliant and exciting , and shamrock hotel a good place to stay

when we come for a   night break to hong kong with our   child   and   we need somewhere central and clean to sleep and shower . the shamrock be in a fantastic location on nathan road , near market , shop and metro

hotel be     well hidden    within the street   lobby be small but welcoming .

my husband and i stay at the shamrock hotel hong kong for six night in july   the location be excellent all form of transport on the doorstep . shop and market be plentiful and also nearby . the hotel be excellent the staff be most helpful our room be excellent and spotless the maid change sheet and towel daily and also replenish toiletry daily . their be a safe in the bedroom that be free of charge also the mini bar price be the cheapest we have ever come across . if you be planning a trip to hong kong and want a great hotel bang in the middle shops,restaurants,markets and all mode of transport then book into the shamrock . its the best

be in shamrock in end may early june   hotel be very good . check in be smooth , staff very friendly . rooms be quite big for hk hotel and be very clean . no complain for this hotel

i be so glad the travel agent recommend this hotel . it 's not particularly big or new , but make up for all that and more with its location , location , location

i stay in the hotel for four night , from june   to june   as for location , overall it be great , the hotel be near everything   the bus stop be right in front of the hotel door , the jordan mtr station be just around the corner , walk a couple of block and you 're at the bowring street market . walk further from bowring and you 're at temple road . park lane be also near , walk a few block from the hotel 's entrance and you 're there . needle to say , the nathan rd area be very well lit , so go around at night should n't be much of a problem

i stay here for four night in late april . the price we pay be a little dear for this hotel . however i think we could have do better if we use an alternative book method for the same hotel . the rooms be small but adequate . the bed however be too small for comfort . we order a double , it be a very small double . infact i wonder be it a double ? the room be clean and small addition like toothbrush etc be there also . i often forget mine . we get the bus from the airport and this land us right outside the hotel which be brilliant when you be tire after the flight . the location of the hotel be good . it would be a hotel i wouldnt remember but that be as much a positive as a negative

we be only stay one night in hk before head to the mainland , and want an inexpensive place in a convenient location . we take a chance on the shamrock and have no regrets . travel with a young baby , convenience be important . the hotel be right on the   bus line from the airport , which be another easy option for get into kowloon . it be pour rain when we arrive with our many bag and stroller , but the concierge come across the street with umbrella for us and help take our luggage to the hotel . the rooms be small to be expect in this location and price range but clean and comfortable . there be n't a lot of room for bag in the room , but for   night it be fine . the hotel also provide us with a baby cot at no extra charge . the staff be always helpful and courteous . there be a restaurant in the hotel , and a breakfast dine room . there be also a nice bakery a few door down if you prefer a lighter and cheaper breakfast . i would n't hesitate to recommend the shamrock to anyone look for something better than a guesthouse but not as fancy as a   star hotel

search no more . add that extra cash save to your shopping allowance rather than stay at another hotel have the same category around the jordan area . i have try   newer hotel in the same area and nothing beats my stay here

i stay here in late november   , and choose the shamrock for it 's location on nathan road in kowloon . with the mtr and nathan road bus steps away i do n't take a single cab during my stay . there be plenty of nearby place to eat and the night market be also a short walk . my single room be basic     small but i do n't spend much time there other than to sleep . most importantly it be very clean

we have a three night stay at the hotel and i will stick to my review title   small    in both good and not so good ways . it be a pleasure trip that coincide with hong kong 's   anniversary . so almost every place you go be pack , hotel , parks , everywhere

