my husband and i stay here for   night at the beginning of our   week se asia honeymoon and   night at the end and enjoy it immensely . as starwood gold member we be upgrade to a harbour view room where we have a great view of the symphony of light show at night . room be clean and modern . concierge at the hotel be very helpful . the location be very convenient , next to the peninsula hotel , few block to the tsim sha shui mrt station , and close to lots of shopping . i would definitely stay here again when in hong kong

take a high floor harbour view and get a much better deal than at the intercontinental or peninsula next door . the rooms be modern and comfortable . the rooftop pool be fun and the breakfast buffet offer exceptional variety and quality

quality hotel , close to shopping and harbour , good

with sheraton you know what you get , quality but you have to pay for it

i staid in this hotel for   night for a business stay , i staid several time in mong kok before and tsim sha tsui be a good change of location , convenient and more quieter . the hotel be nice , a little old maybe and i be surprise to see that there be no wireless internet in the room . you have to use a cable which limit the movement in the room , could be better for an expensive business hotel ? the board pass print out in the business center be n't include either    those kind of small details tarnish the overall experience at a sheraton  

stay here for three night , staff be very attentive and helpful . location be great   bar be a perfect place to watch the evening light show . subway station across the street , easy access to the market and all other attractions . both local and touristy restaurant nearby . gym be large . glad i be an spg member   sheraton have never let me down and as usual the hong kong tower be no exception

the hotel meet all our expectations . it be well locate , it be spacious and comfortable and the service be great . the restaurant be good and the breakfast offer a really good choice   something to suit all taste

the rooms be very comfortable and the service impecable . the hotel have a great location and very easy to get from the airport if you take the express train . the morton of chicago restaurant be conveniently locate at the hotel , here you can grab an excellent meal . would definatelly comeback to this hotel

the service at this hotel be excellent and the room upgrade   which give access to   floor     lounge    , breakfast , afternoon tea , hors d'oerves and alcoholic drink   be fantastic value for money

we use this hotel on a trip to hk for my husband work . we use to live here so be happy with an upgrade to a suite that do n't have a harbour view but if you can get one take it . the breakfast buffet be a nightmare . the food be good and not too expensive but the service be terrible . i get my coffee after i have be back to the buffet twice and have my plate whip out from under my nose whilst i be still eat my toast    admittedly this be a personal pet hate and some people do n't get upset when this happens     the rooms be very comfortable but the executive lounge be depressing . about the worst lounge i have ever used . there be no windows and the air con be set so low you need to bring your duvet with you . there be a very nice girl who work there though and she be very helpful   i hear he offering lots of local knowledge to other guests . the hotel in kowloon be very well situate for shopping at the market and you can get to the star ferry in about   min walk

i have stay in this hotel several times on business but this last trip be for leisure . the rooms be well appoint , nicely furnish and large by hk standards . everything be spotlessly clean , and the rooms be make up promptly each day . turn down service be a little hit and miss however with the style and the extent of the turn down variyng a little depend on who be on duty . it be only a small detail , but one that detracts from the otherwise perfect service

i must say that since sheraton be not normally top of the line in the starwood portfolio , that i be hesitant to spend that many point for a free weekend   but i be very very surprise ! this hotel should be up near some of their top hotel ! i be a starwood platinum member and i be treat so wonderfully from the time i arrive until i leave ! i get an amazing upgrade room that be much more than i have expect ! the staff be very helpful and friendly . this hotel be close to the star ferry terminal and within a very few steps of the mtr to get anywhere else you want

great hotel in great spot on the tip of the kowloon peninsular . great staff

i stay at the sheraton hotel     tower in the end of september   the room be book online at the spg site and it be   hong kong dollar approx . about   usd

over the last   years i have stay several times at this sheraton hotel   my verdict   absolutely recommendable ! the location be excellent , close to the starferry terminal , the harbourfront , nathan road and the shopping , and , not to forget , the mtr metro network . the hotel itself offer all that you can expect for a hotel of this category , but then the unique asian hospitality make the difference . the staff be truly outstanding , friendly , always helpful and competent . the breakfast buffet be among the best i have see in any hotel . the pool area on the rooftop be nice with smaller     hot tubs    and great view of hong kong . speak of view   if you can afford you should definitely go for the slightly more expensive harbour view rooms , it be worth it . for the business traveller the hotel offer a good business center a bit pricey , but very helpful and plenty of connectivity in the rooms plug for different type , ethernet cable , video connection to the in room tv . the internet rate be still high , but it be good that the rate include now internet connection throughout the entire hotel , not only in the room . recognition for those in higher tier of the starwood preferred guest programme be very good . all in all a very , very good hotel that stand out in the sheraton family . i will definitely return whenever again in hongkong

i be a frequent visitor to the sheraton hotel in tsim sha tsui and enjoy stay at the sheraton . it be a beautiful hotel , in a great location , and a safe haven for traveler from the unite states . this be a good thing , and a bad thing . for us traveler , the hotel will feel very comfortable . you will walk in , there will be loads of pilot and us businessmen , and you 'll quickly forget that you 're in hong kong . for traveler want some hint of a cultural experience , this be not your hotel

stay here for   night , and it be wonderful , with great service and excellent facilities . the only minor criticism would be charge for broadband on a daily basis   hotel of this quality should really include it for free now

the sheraton hotel , part of a larger group , starwood and it â € ™ s loyalty program the starwood preferred gust program rates as one of the best in the industry , win many times over in the freddie awards . i have long be a fan and stay on a very frequent basis at its property predominately around asia and the pacific

absolutely great location , the room i have have a waterfront view . rooms be a bit smaller than the standard   star . bathroom be also a bit on the smaller size . but for business travel , it be quite convenient

stay for a couple of night before move into shenzhen

my wife and i stay here on our last trip to hong kong . we have previously stay in other luxury hotel in kowloon , but this be now our favorite . though the rooms be not especially large , they be very nicely finish , and extremely comfortable . the hotel be close to nathan road , and close to the waterfront . they have an excellent spa which they allow us to use after our check out to get a shower before our late flight out of hong kong . all in all , an excellent stay , and we look forward to come back again

good service . the staff be very helpful whenever we ask for advice on travel and sightsee options . i have two evening meal and a breakfast in the hotel   and all the meal be excellent with a good selection

there be no doubt this be prime location in hong kong on the kowloon side . you have a fantastic view from the harbour view rooms , mtr be within short distance as well as star ferry

the hotel be locate close to the major point of interest and shopping area in kowloon as well as short stroll away from star ferry terminal . hotel staff be very efficient and friendly , check in and check out be efficient . my room have a great view to victoria island which be especially interesting during the night with pass cruise ship add to the experience

my wife and i drop in at the sheraton on our way back home to oz after each trip to europe and now the sheraton be our accommodation of choice . location be great , rooms be fantastic we enjoy a little luxury in a harbour view room after   week of hectic travel through europe and the staff be excellent . on top of that when we check in at   we always have access to a room and we can always arrange a late check out that conform with our departure at midnight the follow day . why stay anywhere else !

this be a great hotel , clean , tidy , with good service . the breakfast buffet be really nice , with a good variety of hot and cold food . rooftop pool and hot tub be very nice , particularly in the evening , when you can look over the water to the city light of hong kong . close to the subway and star ferry . everything you need for a great base in hk . ask for a harbour view room

stay at the sheraton for   night , and be pick up at the airport by a mercedes   we wereupgraded to a corner suite on check in

stay here for   night in may on business   i stay in hk a few times a year and have be lucky enough to stay in some of the best hotel there

great hotel clean very good customer service . ask for a harbour view its great

i have stay at the sheraton tower many times now and each time be as good as the

i accompany my husband who be in hong kong for business and stay with him at a tower room . the service of the tower personnel be excellent , the room be very nice , the bathroom amenities be very generous , and like in similar hotel in china we have complimentary bottled water in the room . i like the afternoon tea or cocktail hour in the tower lounge , it be really very nice . as this be my first time in hong kong i be busy sightsee and have no time to checkout the swim pool or the fitness center . have dinner at the     oyster and wine    restaurant which be pricey but excellent

these review crack me up . ok here goes   i am gold and platinum on most hotel and airline club . i am a frequent business traveler . now   with that say , this be a really nice hotel . i am not sure if it if   or   star honestly i do n't work for fodor 's or michelin . there be free mouthwash in my room maybe it be the whopping     that i leave the cleaning staff

i recently stay at this hotel and after reading some of the review i be wonder if i be at the same hotel . from the very moment of check in , the whole stay be one of the worst hotel experience i have ever had . i be a starwood gold member , which mean that you get an upgrade , but this hotel do n't want to give me one . the manager tell me that gold member get free water in the room and mouth wash . after some persistence , they give me a room with a partial harbor view . they should n't be allow to call this room a harbor view , as i have to really try to see the harbor , but i have a great view of the intercontinental hotel . also , there be no free water or mouth wash in the room . i be in asia for   week and this be the first hotel that do not have complimentary water . the hallway in the hotel and the room have a terrible musty smell . the bed be very uncomfortable . the staff do n't really care that the rooms be of such poor quality . in fact , the room be so bad that i move to another hotel for the second night of my stay in hong kong

check in as spg platinum and receive a harbor view tower room be already book into the tower

it be the beautiful hotel and above all rooms and view be

i be in hong kong for business meeting and stay in room   for   nights . i stay at the sheraton back in august of   and do not like the hotel at all , very noisy and touristy . actually find the hotel a bit quiet and less tourity this time

we stay on the   floor with a harbor view and it be excellent . the room be clean , service be very good , and the view be exceptional . this be during the swine flu over reaction and a flu suspect have stay there the day before we get there so this may have influence their service . check in be easy and we pay about   us a day . there be an unpleasant fish odor in the street lobby on g , on the side next to the peninsula . there be free internet available in the lobby via   screen or wireless for   minutes at a time . in our meeting we have free wireless . they have room snack and item at   price plus     . extremely good access to transportation , from the airport express kowloon station take the   bus . the tst and etst stations be a   min walk . go back to the airport early we take the mtr to central , walk to the connect ae terminal and be at the airport without traffic or bus issue in   minutes . pay   hk for   people to ride the airport express from the hong kong station . excellent restaurant nearby . pool and spa on the roof with good view

starwood should do something with this place . i be gold preferred and hotel basically could have care less . i be tell even platinum member would not be upgrade to club level . they have standard answer for every complaint . the room have a musty smell and be in desperate need of a makeover . do yourself a favor and stay at the marriot renaissance across the street as it have be update

have a great week at the sheraton which be perfectly place in kowloon

it be our first time at this hotel but one of many trip to hong kong . the location , inclusion and comfort make it an enjoyable stay

we recently stay at this hotel on a two night stop over to london . our room be decoratored in an awful style   dark brown and oppressive . the window be very small and overlook a dark building . i feel like we be in a prison . we be on the starwood preferred guest floor , so i would hate to see where the unpreferred guest stay

i be a starwood preferred gold member , and this review be base on have this status . i spend a week here use my membership points . in fact , it 's a fantastic place to cash in your point if you 're planning a trip to hong kong

base ourselves at the sheraton , tst . fabulous location for travel around . both train stations be connect underground from the lobby , safe and secure . bus outside and underground to hong kong and stanley . staff be lovely and always willing . john in the oyster bar even book us into this incredible restuarant a few block away , which we will always remember , unbelievable nite . breakie be wonderful , one of the best buffet we have ever have , even have yum cha    spa and pool on the roof be beautiful and fully service from   in the morning , fitness first on the same level of the hotel . steakhouse available , we do not try it , but we have the chinese and it be beautiful and well decorated . the only minus we encounter be that this end of nathan road have be take over by indian hawker , so every time you go out , you be harrassed , so try to use the subway and bus thru the underground

the checking in be hectic , the que be atleast   metre long for only   counters . cant blame them though , it be the day after chinese new year , very peak period . i be tell by the staff that the room i book be not available due to some difficulties . i book a normal room with the harbour view . instead the staff offer me the executive suite on executive floor , without the view and the executive floor trimmings . since i be only there for one night , i gladly take up the offer

take a tower room .   and   floor cocktail and veryy good snaks the best view of hong kong bay . you be close to star ferry , subway station and airport train . one block fron hotel you take bus service to world expo

we stay here for two night at the end of a tour of china

i stay here on a trip to hong kong , splitting the time between the sheraton and the eton . the sheraton be pick because it be a superior class hotel , and the eton be pick because it be a good class hotel at a much lesser price to spend the rest of the holiday

i stay there a few times   lately this year in jan . quality have go down each time . the hotel have an ok location and from some rooms , you can see the harbour but some building be in front . apart from this , there be nothing special and you may want to consider better place in hk

stay in sheraton   december  

a great location     close to the ferry , beautiful harbor view from our room and very comfortable . some might say the room be small , but we have all of the amenities we needed . a good bed and a very functional bathroom . we do not dine in the hotel . very helpful concierge desk

hotel be be renovate when we stay there so i be sure that it be even better now . the location be very good and the view of the nightly light show could n't be better . the rate include breakfast and it be very good . the quantity and variety be incredible . the night market be fairly close as be the ferry to hong kong . high tea be wonderful i highly recommend it . spa services be nice as well and the pool area overlook the city   very nice . i would always spend the extra money for the city view

good hotel with a high level of service . locate accros from the peninsula hotel and my room have view of nathan road and the harbour . good selection of restaurant , but a bit pricey . the buffet breakfast be good with a large selection , but pricey at usd    

i stay three night in a deluxe harbor view room with a great view of hong kong skyline . good hotel location in bustle tsim sha tsui . near harbor promenade and star ferry

perfect hotel    on tsim sha tsui with one of the best view over the hong kong harbour     service and hotel be great . peerfect mix between luxury , great service and business facilities   

i stay in the hong kong sheraton in october   and i be very please with the service of the hotel

have   night at the sheraton hong kong   what a fantastic hotel . worth pay the extra for a harbour view . breakfast be as good as you could get and the mini bar promotion be well use and very reasonable . food in the hotel restaurant be very expensive . there be so many good local restaurant especially around the temple street area which be authentic and really good value . it be about a   minute walk up nathan road to temple street market and the whole area be really buzzing . pool be immaculate and never crowd even though it be quite small took a trip to stanley and repulse bay which be lovely and remind me of south africa

we stay for   days and love the hotel . its locate in a fabulous position just minutes from nathan road , opposite the peninsula hotel and across the road from the avenue of star , a fantastic harbour side walk with stunning city views . it take   taxi ride from the airport which costs     and its approx   use the airport express train to kowloon station

the sheraton tower in kowloon be very centrally locate on nathan road , towards the hong kong island end of kowloon , and across the street from the penisular hotel

big hotel in kowloon . overlook hong kong harbor . pay the extra money for the view ! nice service , just off nathan road for great shopping . i can highly recommend the place . ps   go to the bar on the top floor at night   have a drink and enjoy the hong kong

this sheraton be one of the best hotel i have ever stay at and i would highly recommend it to anyone . it 's location be along the waterfront right at the foot of the famous nathan road and within walk distance to all the shopping in kowloon

as a platinum starwood preferred guest , i tend to stay at lots of sheratons . i actually switch from the j .w . marriott to this sheraton , and enjoy the sheraton better and for     less per night

stay at the sheraton hong kong for   nights . in that whole time they do n't miss a beat . nothing we ask for be a problem and our request be carry out to the letter . near the end of the stay my partner remark that surely something be go to go wrong with the hotel or a staff member would upset us or something but nothing like that happen at all . almost every day they do something for us that surprise us at how thoughtful and welcome they are . if you be the sort of person who like to complain then that would be the only reason you would stay away from this hotel as you will be hard press to find things to complain about

we enjoy our   night stay very much . even though it be a business oriented hotel , staff make our junior feel at home . little touch like apple for pick at the lift lobby on the guest floor , moisturiser in the common restroom     lovely decor too , a postcard which they would post for free , etc , surprise us

stay three night for business meetings . the room be small but nice with a good view of the harbor . service be very good both during the meeting and check in   check out . good location

four of us spend six night here as a getaway

we have stay in many of the starwood â € ™ s chain hotel and this one be just above average

we spend five night at the sheraton in july break up at the beginning and end of our trip to china . on our second stay , we be upgrade to a larger , harbour view room . there be no problem request non smoking rooms

wonderful location overlook the harbor , close to mtr and all kind of food , shopping , etc . room be a fair size for a solo traveler

this be more like a   star . smallish rooms , expensive food and internet . roof pool close a lot . great view and good location

in the last three years i have stay three times at the sheraton hong kong . the staff be excellent . the rooms be clean , in good condition , but small and very expensive . good location . for the price there be better choice in hk . good place to use starwood point

we recently stay at the hk sheraton for   night may   ,   use starwood point and have a room on the executive level . here be the pro and con

we check in to our premier deluxe harbour view tower room on sunday night and check out on tuesday morning . the staff be very nice and the club floor dine room be also very nice , but the smell of stale cigarette on our pillow and the rock hard bed drive us out

we stay at the sheraton hong kong for business . it 's a decent enough place not great   not terrible on the whole , but how a contemporary hotel can exist without wireless internet access be beyond me . they do provide a wire ethernet service    but be aware you will need to pay extra for it at a premium hotel ! the lack of wi fi be especially troubling since both their website and the person checking us in indicate it be available . we will not be stay at the sheraton again and i hope that any visitor require wireless will reconsider

we just stay six night at the sheraton in hong kong . firstly , the positive   the location be good   close to both the mtr and the star ferry for easy access to the main island

transit hong kong for the us , we get stick due to cancellation of flights . we decide to make the most of it and do a   night   day tour of hong kong . hit the highlight , from the sheraton , which be in kowloon , we walk to mcdonalds for breakfast we have a   year old and then to the ferry terminal   minute walk and take the ferry to hong kong island . the ferry costs about   cent per adult and kid be even cheaper . upon arrival on the other side , we walk our way to the peak tram they do not take credit cards for the tram   it 's about     per adult and half for kids . go to the top be a very worthwhile trip with unforgettable view of the city and the peninsula . you do n't need to buy the special sky terrace pass , which be about     more   you wo n't be miss anything special . although , have a small meal or drink up at the restaurant look like they might be worthwhile since the view be spectacular from there . there 's even a burger king up there . at the top , there 's a tourist help center that be helpful with direction for when you get back down . we ask for direction to     the world longest move walkway    and once we get back down , take a one way bus ride to find it . ca n't remember what stop it was . take the walkway lead you to soho . it 's kind of a tourist trap in terms of restaurant but we end up eat at a local italian place   pizza and pasta . after lunch , we walk back to the ferry stop and back to kowloon . once in kowloon , we buy bus ticket to find our way to the     lady shopping area    . it 's depict on the tour maps . basically , it 's outdoor shopping with over a   vendors . you must bargain there . if it 's make in china , you can find it there . afterwards , we take a bus back to the sheraton for a quick break and then in the evening , go back out to the     man 's shopping    area . it 's similar to the lady market . we walk there via the kowloon park very nice park in the middle of the city   incredible pool . the man 's shopping be about half way between the hotel and the lady shopping . in the evening at   pm , the highrises do a light show that you can see from the top of the sheraton or from the harbour across the street . we choose to go out and see it from the harbour . it 's literally right across the street . the lightshow sound better on paper than it actually be they really could have make it so much more , but the skyline of hong kong island be really something to see , at night

sheraton in kowloon be great location on nathan rd with excellent common area and very nice rooms . we have room with indirect harbour view on   floor but be good enough . this room do not have the bath with glass wall , but do include a good work desk , nice amenities , great closet , and very good sheraton bed . we often find westins to be superior to sheraton in the starwood chain , but this sheraton be as good as most westins where we have stayed . excellent bath and amenities and space utilization

this be our second time stay at the sheraton hong kong with our two kids . while most would stay at this hotel for the shopping on nathan road , we return to his hotel a second time because it be right next to a playground locate at signal hill park . with two , four year old they be two last time we be in hk , they have energy to burn . the playground have different structure for the under   , and those   we go twice in our four day stay and see no other kid at the playground on a weekday and a weekend . the park be very well maintained with washroom facility , view , and you can even hear the birds . we find that order a continental breakfast and american breakfast through room service be enough for all four of us and cheaper than the breakfast buffet in the restaurant

brief   night stop over . unfortunately you get what you pay for  

their service be impeccable . always friendly , alert , and accommodate , especially in the restaurant

when book this hotel i strongly urge people to splash out a little more and get a room with a harbopur view . the night time show play out on the building on hong kong island be just incredible

stay at the sheraton for seven night during lunar new year in february . find staff at reception helpful and ask if we would like to inspect our room prior to commit to it . upon inspection find the view to be breathtaking and the room clean , fresh and pleasant . bathroom a tad small , but fantastic view . find room service to be prompt , inexpensive and very tasty . purchase alcohol from local   store to enjoy in room and watch the symphony of light , from the comfort of our room outstanding . use the tour desk base in hotel on a couple of occasions and find them very informative and helpful , especially     shirley    . at time of our stay hotel undergo major redevelopment , which we be make aware of prior to book , however , do not affect our stay in any way . breakfast cafe have a vast array of food to choose from with view overlook nathan road , staff very pleasant . great location , short walk to ferry terminal and other attraction

stop over in hk in december and stay at the sheraton . the hotel be locate in tsim sha tsui next to the peninsula hotel . location be good   a   walk from the subway , which be efficient and reach most place traveller would probably visit

i come to hong kong for my birthday in june   and i look at numerous hotel include the hilton and a few others and they do the best offer if you join their membership programme so i do , and i earn triple point which be nearly enough point to stay for   night for free . but anyway i stay there for   or six nights . i book a deluxe room which be one of the nicest tower hotel rooms i have stay in . it be very modern , spacious and spotless . check in be do very quickly and they give me an upgrade . during my stay i have a spa facial there . it be pricey but worth the money and the staff there be really friendly . the hotel be situate right in the centre , second away from the metro station . as hong kong be a shopping heaven there be actually a shopping centre somewhere in the hotel with store such as burberry and some others . find the hotel be really easy as we take the train there . its a lovely hotel and if i have the choice i would return again . i be     satisfy

be to hk many times , but this be my first stay at the sheraton and it certainly wo n't be my last . though the rooms be average , the service and amenities throughout the hotel be outstanding . have a problem with some noisy neighbor , but the hotel staff quickly take care of the problem and subsequently send me a bottle of wine for my troubles . if you be on business , this hotel be a must

you couldn â € ™ t ask for a better location . the hotel be centrally locate , within walk distance to many sights , the subway and the ferry . the main reason to stay here be for the harbor view . the room itself be small , clean and modern , what you would expect from a sheraton . the reason we stay here be for the harbor view room . if you don â € ™ t need the harbor view , there be dozens of other option in hong kong . the breakfast buffet be extensive and tasty . there be also a tour agency in the hotel , which be great for book trip outside of hong kong . our friend stay down the street at the ymca . i must say it be very nice . his room be newly remodel , clean and modern . a great value for the money , after see the ymca i would have stay if i didn â € ™ t want the view . the lounge on the top floor have great view but have a us     minimum per person after   , a bit much consider i don â € ™ t drink . overall a great choice if you get a room with a view

we stay here for chinese new year and have a magical time . the view of the city with the fire works be amazing . the location can â € ™ t be beat and service be top notch . make sure you get a high floor with the view of the hong kong island . a must for any one to experience

as a disclaimer , we use starwood point to book our rooms here , so i wo n't comment on how much you get for your money . the rooms be indeed small , but the accommodation be very comfortable . room decor and bathroom be very modern . it take a few minutes to figure out how to turn on the shower

my husband and i really love this hotel . we stay in a deluxe harbour view room on the   floor . we be so glad we have a view of the harbour , it be a breathtaking view that we never tired of even after   nights . in fact , we make a point of be in our room every evening at   for the harbour light show . bring a small radio and tune it to   or   ca n't remember exactly and you can listen to the music and building introduction that go along with the show . it sound cheesy but it be fun to have your own private view every evening with a cocktail we pack some travel size liquor in our check baggage specifically for that reason . i think the     deluxe    harbour view mean that it be bigger than some of the rooms mention here . we do not think the room be too small at all , especially in a place where space be such a premium

just return from a   night stay at the sheraton . room be small but work for my wife and i . we stay in a room without a view . we be offer an upgrade for about     a night but declined . we think we might be dissapointed not have a view of the harbour , but since it be just a short walk across the street or an elevator ride to the top floor we manage just fine

i have a business suite at a supposedly reduce price of     that come with priority check in and out on the   floor . it be a lovely and large two bathroom two room view suite with all the goodies . there be free internet in an access restrict   floor lounge overlook the harbour . upstairs be the restaurant and bar and the best view of hong kong . the hotel be across from the peninsula hotel and at the harbour end of busy nathan road . the metro and ferry be close by . i doubt if you could find a better hk hotel

i stay here for a week . have a decent time . rooms be small by us standards . i be pay     usd per day . goal be to stay in a good hotel and that be the price you pay in hk

i am a starwood member , so i use up all my point to end my honeymoon at this sheraton . i have to say that this be one of the best sheraton that i have stay at and i have stay a quite a few as i have enough point for a couple of night stay

sheraton hong kong be locate in     the hotel district    . it 's the cleaner end of the city where you 'll be hassle by the local flog custom make suits . it 's near the train which be great if you plan to travel to the outer regions . the rooms be small but you have get to expect that in hong kong , and they be very clean . service be fantastic . if you get the offer , upgarde to a view room   we do for just an extra     for   night and it be well worth it . the view be awesome . breakfast be great but as usual , quite expensive . i be very happy with this hotel . qutie a walk to the market though   suggest cabbing it . not fuss with hong kong though   if you 're consider it as a stopover , think about do singapore instead    it 's much nicer

be sure to upgrade to a harbour view room to enjoy the nightly light show     fantastic . it be worth the money to upgrade for this reason . rooms be on the smaller size , but very modern with glass bathrooms . the hotel coffee shop be good , quick service and super busy , especially on weekends . close to train stations so very easy to get around the city

i stay at the sheraton for one night return from china after a business trip . it be exactly what i need , while the bedroom be slightly compact it be extremely comfortable and the bathroom be a good size to be able to relax

stay here for   night with a friend who be on a business trip in september   , so we do n't have to pay for lodge but i have hear that the cost be pretty reasonable for what you 're get

wow ! absolutely fantastic . up grade to harbour view . all be superb love it

we arrive at sheraton hong kong hotel tower around noon and need to wait for about   minutes to check in . the hotel lobby be a busy place and a long cue be in front of the check in desk

stay at the hong kong sheraton for   night in august  

the hotel be locate right next to the best retail store like fendi and luis vuitton and have an amazing view of the harbour

stay here for   night in a harbour view room . it be true that the room be not huge , but i find it adequate . what be indeed ridiculously small be the wardrobe . i have trouble squeeze my stuff in there . other than that , i like the room , especially the phantastic view . public area be elegant and very well maintained . staff be friendly and efficient , in some few case with a tilt towards efficiency rather than friendliness . breakfast buffet be average . all in all , it be a typical   chain hotel , and it deliver all you can reasonably expect , not less , and apart from the view not more

we book a room face the harbor and get one on the   floor . the view be fantastic . you get an almost unblock view of the skyscraper in hong kong . location be good with easy access to the subway . the room 's modern with lots of glass include a glass wall between the bathroom and the rest of the room    so you get the full view of the city from the bathroom . however , the room be a bit small , and for two people in the room , we keep walk into each other . like one of the other reviewer , we do n't enjoy hong kong hot weather , crowd and rude people but love the hotel . the sky lounge be a great place for drink and food small portion    with a view . service at the lobby lounge be slow

upgrade to the tower portion before arrive , so no negotiate at the time of check in . what an amazing property and view . we absolutely enjoy the towers . in fact , the hotel be the greatest part of hong kong for us

we just return from   night stay at the sheraton

i be in hong kong on business for   days and stay at the sheraton hotel . the service be good overal and the room be clean and comfortable

we stay at the sheraton , hong kong for   week in september  

we take the upgrade to a deluxe harbour view room and didn â € ™ t regret it for a moment . fantastic view from a room that be generous size by any standard â € “ and rooms in hk can be on the small side . hotel have reasonable outside space on he roof and be ideally position for nathan road shopping , the mrt or star ferry to central

my partner and i stay in this hotel in june   hotel room be small,but clean and neat the bed be really nice,but the a c be too cold

stay at this hotel for   nights . the rooms with harbour view lowest price be very , very small too expensive for what it be . however the location be great and the people be very helpful and nice

my partner and i visit hong kong in late january and stay at the sheraton hong kong hotel and tower   a newly renovate semi luxurious hotel with an excellent location in the heart of kowloon

myself and my partner stay here recently and i can honestly say that i have never have a better experience in any hotel . we have a beautiful room overlook hong kong harbour which be stunning . the room be spotless , but overall i can not say enough for the levil of hospitality we experience at this hotel , it be faultless . breakfast be a lovely experience , the choice of food be excellent , and on the saturday morning we be offer champaign , one of the staff tell us that this be normal at weekends . we do spend some time in the sky lounge of the hotel and the memory of the lovely staff we meet there will stay with us , the service and friendliness we experience there be priceless . overall we would not hesitate to go back there again , it be one of the best hotel we have ever stay in

i stay   night at the sheraton hong kong on a   trip through asia . i be an spg member , and use point to stay at the hotel for two night , pick up the third night myself . i be n't disappoint with my choice

i have stay here twice in   and this year february for   night

we stay here in march for   days . unfortunately it do just not live up to it 's star rating or represent good valuse for the pricing . from where we sit , we book this hotel for the service they promised . if i just only want a bed , i 'd book a backpacker

just a typical sheraton   could just as easily be pittsburgh , atlanta , or des moines . room size     decor be ok , but my view be the inner courtyard , despite my advance request for a room with some sort of view . one nice touch   the nighlight under the bathroom vanity that come on automatically when you turn the light off . the breakfast buffet have a good variety , but it come at a typically high hk price yeah , it 's my company 's money , but still    gt       for that breakfast ? . try a muffin and coffee from the lobby shop for a much more reasonable deal , or visit the nearby sogo grocery store in the subterranean mall for fresh fruit and pastry and a much more interesting cultural experience

i simply do n't understand why everyone be so negative about this hotel . it be in line with sheraton all over the world and let face it sheraton sometimes leave it a little long between renovation , but every frequent traveller would know that

the good

we travel to hong kong regulary on business and usually stay at the harbour plaza hang hom . we decide to stay more central this time and choose the sheraton

there be so many hotel in hong kong , i would strongly consider any of the other options . the sheraton here be just way too overprice for what you get . the rooms be small , and our non smoking room smell strongly of smoke . the service be fine all around , but at close to     a night with tax , i would expect better

the sheraton be a great experience for me . maybe it be due to the fact that i have stay in some remote area of china earlier in the week , so the sheraton be a welcome change

i be a very frequent flyer and have stay in starwood hotel all over the world   this one do n't rate . as a gold member , the upgrade that be offer be a move to a lower floor where the benefit be a a different pattern on the carpet from the lift to my room   b nicer decor ? ? ! ! ! i shudder to think what that would be ! ! ! the book be incorrect   book a king bed and be offer   twin bed on arrival   b the rate be change to a more expensive rate   despite the agent tell me that it would be     no problem    . what she mean be it would be no problem to her ! ! the staff be very selective in greet guest in the restaurant    an indian colleague point out how they practically fall over themselves to wish caucasian guest     have a nice day     etc but do not extend this to non white guests . how ironic in china ! guess it 's a hangover from times when the parks have sign     no dog or chinese allowed   

the sheraton hong kong be locate in a very convenient part of tsim sha tsui . next to the peninsula and across the street from the science musuem , you can walk to the star ferry in   minutes or be in the mtr subway in   minutes

the sheraton be okay   neither good nor bad . the hotel itself be nice enough , the gym be ok , the food be not great and neither be the cleaning of the rooms

after stay in this hotel for four week i can safely say do not book this hotel ! ! on arrival at   be i still have too wait   minutes before i could check in . during the check in they proudly tell me i get a verry nice sea view room . after a long flight i really just want to have a good night sleep and enjoy the hotel . unfortunately when i enter i be shocked . i do not need mutch especially since i be stay alone . but my room be soo small i could not even unpack my suitcase since there be no place . when look out of the windows all i could see be the back of a building with a neon sign . i call reception too ask what the possibility be for a bigger room but apperently i already have the membership level room   when i ask where my seaview be they put their face against the wall and say if you would look past the building you could see a corner of water ?

executive room   acu have leak all down the wall and so the white wall have light brown streak down it   no seperate shower , stand in the tub and carpet from the   's . view be ok over the isalnd . not what i expect and definately not worth the money .

our stay at sheraton hong kong would be the best after our honeymoon   years ago . we travel as a family with three kid   and   we have a set of two interconnect rooms which be very convenient . rooms be of good size . love the glass sink and counter in the bathroom . housekeep be there around the clock . everyone at the hotel seem very friendly   front desk , coffeeshop , housekeeping     breakfast be great . everyone could find their favorite food to start up the day . have n't try the other hotel restaurant as we always prefer other place with less formal setting outside the hotel

impressive hotel with impressive view

we have a fantastic   night stay at the sheraton . my boyfriend make the book through our travel agent and the only hitch be that we arrive to a room with two single beds . the hotel staff change us to a room with a king bed at no extra charge without too much fuss . the service staff be not outwardly friendly but polite and efficient . the room be clean and cosy     one of the best i have stay in no harbour view . the room include a couch sofa , desk , bed and tv through which you can check your room bill . little extra include complimentary bottled water , dress gown , nice sheraton shampoo condition body wash , sew kit , toothbrush and toothpaste . it be my birthday during our stay and a lovely piece of cake be deliver to my room with candle and all by the hotel staff which i think be such a nice gesture

we be a family of six two be teenager and we have a great time even though we do not eat at the hotel , we find everything else on offer spot on yes , we do have a harbour view and like other review it be fabulous and the room be big enough for three of us in each room and each bed very comfortable

our family of   travel to hong kong for christmas this year and we decide to book   rooms at the sheraton in kowloon , stay   nights . what a great choice ! we have   adjoin rooms which be fantastic and we be fortunate the have harbour view rooms so we see the symphony of light show every night as well as the firework on christmas eve and christmas evening without go outside . the sheraton be locate a short walk to the star ferry , which take you across to hong kong island , there be an entry to the mtr subway train system across the road and you can walk in any direction and find wonderful shopping to suit all budgets . the staff be the friendliest i have come across , very helpful and polite . no request make to the staff be too small or too hard , they do their best at all times . the buffet breakfast be a feast every day and at no time be we disappoint with the variety or quality of the food . there be a number of restaurant at the hotel , as well as the sensational view when you go to the skybar . all in all , stay at the sheraton make our first trip to hong kong memorable

we stay here for three nights . i request the non smoking rooms during my book since we have two young child with us . upon arrival , they say that there be no more non smoking rooms left . i would have to upgrade the rooms with an additional charge to have a non smoking room . i make the woman call her manager to get an approval to get me the non smoking rooms without any additional charges . she keep on say that i do not make the request when i book the rooms . after about five minutes , we finally get our non smoking rooms . they have the rudest people work there . we leave our rooms at seven in the morning , and when we come back around two o'clock , the rooms still have not be clean . i have the make up room sign on for over six hours . i have to call housekeep to have them clean our rooms . they say that they forgot our rooms . we go down to the lobby to wait for almost thirty minutes while they clean our room . my child be hungry , and i give them a piece of bread pineapple bun for a snack in the lobby . a woman come up and start yell at us for eat in the lobby . i tell her that we have no where to eat since housekeep forgot to clean our rooms . she just keep on tell us to put our food away instead of find us a solution to our problem . i be so mad , that i call the duty manager to complain . he apologize by send a plate of chocolate and cookie to our room . i guess that he think a plate of choclolate and cookie will solve our problem with this hotel . i will never come back to sheraton hong kong ever again

book the reservation by phone , the reservation staff be very friendly they offer me with the rate of   + + , when i check in to the hotel i pay extra of   + + to try their harbour view room with breakfast . the view be prefect very nice full face the harbour , in the morning when sunrise you feel that extra of   + + be just worth of money . but then few unhappy things happen

we stay here for three night and find the hotel to be very comfortable and luxurious the room have every little thing that you might want , dress gown , slipper , toiletry , tea     coffee , internet , safe ect . it be very nicely decorate and all the public area be very elegant and plush

we book this hotel through the spg com site on the strength of its ranking on trip advisor and of the candid picture we have look at . we be stay four night as a stopover on our way back from japan . what a shambles , this be an old , tired , property with small rooms complete with   decor   the reservation system be totally misleading . the hotel name     sheraton hotel     towers    mean that unless you be in the know , even as an spg member , your book will land you a room well below par on a regular floor . we refuse two rooms and find out by reading the floor directory in the lift that tower refer to the executive floor         floor , complete with lounge and facility closer to a hotel of that caliber . we have to upgrade our book , at our cost and waste our time before be issue with a partial harbour view and a comfortable but disappointing room . the rest of the hotel be like an age ship with station like facilities   not a patch on other property visit whilst in hong kong . so buyer beware   at over     , this be not good value , even if the tower staff be pleasant

have just return from a   night stay at this hotel and it be absolutely excellent

stay here   night   november   as husband have gold status . disappoint to find that only platinum status reaps any reward   hong kong sheraton be a rulebook unto itself . on check in , and provide copy of confirm book , staff member could find no evidence of our booking . call over another staff and they both spend   minutes look at the piece of paper , almost willing it to reveal the answer to their situation ! we be eventually put into a club room on the   floor . on look out of the window which provide a good harbour view we be very unhappy to see a building site on the road in front of the hotel . know a lot about the construction industry , we realise we would have early wake up call and perhaps late working at night . not what you want at hk     ask reception and they promise work only between   and   sure enough , next morning we be wake by a motorise jackhammer at   after many attempt to get explanation , we be move to another room   still could hear construction noise , and eventually be give a suite at the back of the hotel face a courtyard . heaven ! we be also give a complimentary bottle of wine and fruit bowl . the executive lounge be for platinum and tower guest only . the only advantage of use this sheraton if you be not platinum be to accrue point

this be my second time at the sheraton . the rooms have be upgraded . very comfortable in every way . the location could n't be more perfect . near the train , avenue of the star , new world center , the harbor view , light show at night , nathan road , restaurant at the peninsula , etc  

we stay at the sheraton for   night and have an excellent stay . we decide to opt for a harbour view room and boy , be it worth it , the view of the harbour be amazing ! our room be modern , large and be keep immaculately clean . the location of the hotel be superb , great access to star ferry , mtr and all the main site

covenient location for kowloon business . simply average accomodations . stay in executive suite and it be     average  

my family of four stay in this hotel for five days in two adjacent rooms . we stay in the deluxe harbour view rooms and although the view be unbelievable , the service be n't up to the level of the view

we stay here on   and   october  

stay here during easter holiday . book by telephone . have request room with separate shower and bath due to mobility problems . when we arrive find room with shower over tub . advise reception not suitable and they upgrade me to a suitable room , also with excellent harbour view  at no extra cost . previous room do not have the view . i think maybe only deluxe rooms have separate bath and shower , suggest you specifically ask when book hotel have great location . next to lift wich take you to underground passageway to allow you to cross busy road . service excellent . breakfast buffet style delicious , quite pricey but if you go out can easily find lots of other eatery

this hotel be really   star material . it have be refurbish not so long ago so it meet world standard in the rooms stakes and after a full day slog the shopping its a pleasure to return to the room . i also love the lobby toilet , they be so clean you could almost eat in there

i have stay at this hotel twice already and it 's not one of best hotel that others have described . i stay here because of business since i travel extensively in asia for my job and the company that i be now work for do not let us stay at the intercontinental which be across the street which i absolutely love !   

let me first say that there be nothing terribly wrong with this hotel but it definitely do not deserve the     rating give some of the other fabulous hotel in the city

stay for   night for business , good location but slightly away from the main shopping area on nathan road , close to the harbour and near the shopping mall there and cultural centre , space museum , star ferry , etc . underground station be   minutes walk away

this be our second time at the hotel . the first time be   years ago so it certainly have change

i stay at this hotel for   night in august   this be an impressive hotel . to my surprise , i be upgrade to a harbour view room . in addition , i have a late checkout to   and a complimentary buffet breakfast at the someplace else restuarant each day the cafe be be renovate . the service at this hotel be exceptional and every request i make through guest services on the telephone be meet promptly . housekeep do a great job , even checking to see if i want my room make up on the day of my departure . the rooftop pool and the gym be worth a visit . it be the attention to detail which make this hotel a delight to stay at . i thoroughly recommend this hotel to any traveller

we just return from a four day stay at the sheraton in kowloon and after stay at       star    hotel in singapore and kuala lumpur on the visit think the sheraton be every bit their equal . we get a harbor view room at a great rate from one of the three big internet source it pay to do this , as at every stop we find one of the three with much better pricing than the other two   less than     us per night . and the view of victoria harbor be nothing less than stunning . you ca n't beat this location very close to the mrt station , bus route , great shopping , star line ferry , and more . the hotel staff be really helpful and impressive , and that 's after gettting pamper at two other location on our trip . the room be just a tad small , but nicely design with a great view of the harbor through the glass front on the bathroom do n't worry it have a drop down shade . if they have n't lose   foot to add the tub and give that back to the live area it would n't have be quite so compact for us american , but it 's really just a minor quibble . we 'll definitely be go back . it be spotless , friendly , adventurous , and downright romantic . highly recommend by two picky east coaster

this hotel and especially its staff be fantastic . because we be fly in from los angeles we arrive at the hotel at       am . although check in time be       pm , we be give our room without any hesitation

really ca n't fault the sheraton . excellent location for kawloon , friendly staff . stylish hotel with great shopping on your doorstep . good size clean room with great bathroom . great breakfast with excellent buffet and nice view if you can get a seat by the window . good rooftop pool and great gym . hey they even have pump class if you be that keen . can not recommend this hotel highly enough

we stay at the sheraton from july   ,   the hotel have a good kowloon location , close to the mtr subway , and a five minute walk to the star ferry and harbour city shopping mall   store !

i have a great time in hk and stay in sheraton make it a great vacation . hotel facility and service be excellent . we be upgrade to a harbor view room so we enjoy the view day and night . would definitely choose sheraton again as it be value for money

i go to hong kong with three of my friend for a week of shopping as girl do ! it be our first time abroad together , a bit of an indulgence , and we really want it to be special . and it be ! ! we have request two harbour view rooms , and if possible , interconnecting . we be tell this may not be possible , however , on our arrival we have exactly what we ordered . perfect

after an initial difficulty get a room with a harbour view which we have request , we receive one with a partial view , on   floor . infact it have an excellent view , especially of the illumination at night . quite spectacular . to compensate for the difficulty , the management send us a bottle of chill bordeaux white wine . a nice touch ! ! ! room be large with excellent amenities

i stay at the sheraton between the   and   of june   love the view from my deluxe harbour room . we could see the   light show from the room . the room service be really good as be the reception and conceirge . the turn down service be good and i love the chocolate on the pillow . the american breakfast be so huge that one breakfast be enough for two of us . huge pancakes and waffle ! also the location of the hotel be very convenient for travel

from the time we arrive at the sheraton , open our room door and see the fantastic view our time at the sheraton be marvelous ! the staff be friendly , nothing too much for them , especially the dine room staff . we usually have our meal at night away from the hotel , but this time we have our meal there , we could not complain at all . we will definitely stay there again . the size of the room do not matter , where else in the world do your room and bathroom look over a beautiful harbour ! it be fascinating to watch the workman do the salisbury rd works

i first stay at the sheraton hong kong in   , and have be back to it a number of times . however in the last ten years , business have take me to the island side instead grand hyatt , shangri la , ritz carlton etc   each one a class act . this time , on holiday , my wife and i choose the sheraton . the standout in our experience be the service . by our second visit to the cafe staff remember our table preference and other wish , one more trip and they remember our names . desk staff fix an error in our booking which involve call to ba in england , volunteer to do so even though the problem be not theirs and the solution ultimately cost the hotel money . on arrival they smoothly move two tired traveller from london to a room at   that they do not have to provide until     outbound a team of staff help us and our baggage into a car with style and helpful suggestion and they do not stand around look for a tip   i have to pursue them to give it . this be an older hotel which have recognise that you can win with your people , even if your rooms be a little smaller , your decor a little older , and many of your view not as great as they once were . well do ! and when the salisbury park development on the harbour front be finally finish , the view from many rooms will pick up . it be well locate , close to the airport train terminal , mtr underground , and star ferry . it be warm clean comfortable and with all facilities . in the area , the harbour end of nathan rd have be clean up   there be now under road connection from the sheraton to an underground department store sogo , the new world centre shopping mall much improve and the cultural facility and walkway along the harbour front . we really enjoy our stay and we will be back

i love this hotel . i go on business so i do n't get to experience all ameneties but it be a great place to stay . the rooms be small but be elegantly furnished . the bed be very comfortable and the harbor view unbelievable . the bathroom be fantastic . the breakfast in the lounge be very good with a breathtaking view . would definitely stay there again

brilliant hotel . fantastic service be particualrly impress with the evening turn down service . lovely room , the bathroom be brilliant . we pay for a harbour view , which be well worth the extra hk     per night . brilliant location

we arrive after a long flight to find that a twin room have be allocate for my family of   the hotel offer a cot free of charge , but my   year old daughter be not impress ! we have two option , either to pay Â £   a night for a roll away bed to be put in the small twin room or to pay Â £   a night for upgrade to a suite . we choose the latter , but it eat into our holiday budget because we be stay for   nights . the suite be fantastic

my mum and i stay at this hotel for   week end of february . the location be great but i be disappoint to see two single bed instead of the usual two double bed that we get in other hotels . maybe it 's a hong kong thing . the room be small but we have the harbour view room which we pay extra . the bathroom be excellent with two double glass sink , a separate shower and bath . we enjoy the view of the harbour with its nightly light show during our stay there . the swim pool be n't as big as i hope , small in comparision to other place i have stayed . they have three spa bath on their rooftop . however , i must say the location be the best , next to the mrt station via kcr train entrance . i get my digital photo develop across the road at this photo store near the   eleven store after my daily travels . also the currency exchange booth between   eleven and photo place offer the best currency exchange rate in the area . you can get your money exchange at the hotel , the rates be n't that bad either in comparision to some of the place around nathan road . the breakfast buffet bar be superb ! ! the staff there be fantastic , they see me so often they would wave at me whenever i enter the restaurant and know what i want to eat . they be excellent when my mother get sick , they make an appointmet for me with a doctor across the road . very handy

we have just return from this hotel after spending   night there . i read all the review on here before i book and i take some of the advice offer by previous reviewers . i be very glad i do

we stay at the sheraton in early february on our way to thailand and thoroughly enjoy our stay . we stay in a deluxe harbour view tower level room . we be on the   floor so the view be great . the room be not huge compare to the rooms we have in thailand , but for hong kong it certainly be a decent size

we stay at the hong kong sheraton for   night during the end of feb   i think it must probably be one of the best hotel we have ever stay in . the room be very nice on floor   with a stunning harbour view . it be very clean and quite spacious , the bathroom be ultra modern with glass basin and shelf

have be to hong kong several times , this hotel stay have be the best . i have book my family and myself a habour view room for   nites       feb , as the deluxe one be fully book . we stay on the   floor and have an awesome view of the harbour

i stay at the sheraton for   night in january  

we stay two night in early december   the hotel be very busy so we be unable to upgrade to a harbour view room but nonetheless we enjoy our stay at this hotel very much . service be very good and the room and facility be excellent

stay here for   night and find the location fantastic , the rooms really quite spacious , and the bed be fantastic

as others have mention , the location of this hotel be great . it 's at the southern tip of tsim sha tsui across from the peninsula . it 's a short walk to the star ferry and the entrance to the mtr be right beside the hotel , by the kcr entrance

stay at the sheraton for   night on the way out to australia and   night on the way back . the hotel prove to be the perfect choice . have a great harbour view on first visit and get upgrade to a suite on the way back . rooms be very modern with fantastic glass bathroom and be extremely comfortable and spotless . excellent service too . we have dinner in the restaurant on the   floor   great food and stunning views . breakfast do n't disappoint either

excellent hotel , stay in a harbour view room on the   floor right opposite the convention centre on hong kong island . really comfortable bed     sheraton sleeper beds    . nice to have a shave in the bathroom overlook the harbour while listen to tv on the in bathroom speakers . buffet breakfast be good but a little expensive but good selection

i stay in this hotel for one night . may be that be why they give

we stay here on our honeymoon and although we not have a harbour view room our room be clean , large and suitably furnished . they have amazing bathroom and nice comfy beds . the service be excellent with chocolate and water with the bed turn down each night . the hotel be locate directly above the kcr train subway entrance and also the mtr can be access from here . the location couldnt be better . the staff be always friendly and helpful and we ask for a late checkout till   which they oblidged with as checkout be usually   there be a   locate behind the hotel which be great for snack and drinks . the pool area jacuzzis be fantastic for nighttime view and on the last night we find the glass elevator which you get great view to hong kong island from . if you be not in the harbour tower this can be access from the same floor as the sky lounge which also have amazing

an absolutely terrific hotel . we only stay here for one night and request a harbour view and pay a hefty price for it aswell about Â £   but it be a saturday night so we want to see the firework from our room unfortunately they only put us on the   floor and we werent high enough to see over the buildings our complaint be fruitless and we werent move or compensate and there be no view from the bathroom unlike some of the review i have read on here    not unless your eyesight bends around wall and door

stay at the sheraton from august     august   the hotel be very clean and the rooms be adequate size . the location be excellent as it be near star ferry and the mtr subway . staff be very friendly and attentive to our needs . breakfast at the cafe be wonderful also

stay here one night after several hectic days on the mainland do business . excellent service all around . the staff be very friendly and extremely professional . you really get the feeling that you be special e .g . at both check in and checkout the manager come over and open a new line for me even though they be only one or two people ahead of me

book four night in a deluxe harbour view room . awesome ! ! ! ! ! . the view be stunning from our   floor room and the room itself be large by modern hotel standard and include every toiletry you could imagine include bathrobes and slippers . the bathroom be the best i have ever have in a hotel room and the view be even visible from the bath

the sheraton hotel hong kong have undergone a renovation that be to be commended . the rooms , while on the small side , have be beautifully and completely redone . and the food be as good as any   hotel in hong kong

spend five night in hong kong and stay at the sherton what a great choice ,everything be excellent ! ! from the location second from the mtr station,next to the peninsula hotel and not to mention the harbour view to the service ,to the beautiful rooms with great glass bathroom you can sit in the bath look out across your room through the windows at the hong kong skyline ,i cant fault this one bit we upgrade to the harbour

this be hotel be well maintain , and the spacious lobby be well furnish , and a delightful place to visit . the rooms be a little on the small side , but very well furnish with the latest high tech look , include   outlets . the wifi work well in the room , but unlike the hyatt in tokyo which be free , this one run close to     us a day . service be very good , with bottle of water place in your rooms each day . it be within two block of the mrt station , and about   long block to the star ferry

occasionally , sheraton manage to get it absolutely right with one of their large hotels . and this be a case in point   do full justice to its excellent location and superb harbour view

stay at the hong kong sheraton for   night the first week of may . it be excellent . no complaint what so ever . the rooms be a good size , very comfortable . i go with my brother and get a twin room . the location be excellent , right in the middle of tsim sha tsui . the peninsula be right next door and the mtr subway station be just down the street . harbor city be only a few block away , same with the ferry terminal . the service be very typical hong kong , very good . the entire staff be attentive and ensures you have everything you need . the gym facility be very good for a hotel , what â € ™ s most impressive be the view while run on the treadmills . the pool be small but good , be locate on the roof so lots of privacy . an excellent stay , and will hopefully return . oh and for the guy check out the lobby washroom , its impressive

