we book a night on a weekday through airasia website for about hk     it be very much more expensive to book direct with the hotel . room rate be hk     for a friday . the reception staff be not that friendly and helpful . we stay in one of the renovate room at the main building . we wonder about the review give here that rooms be clean as we find sand on the bed . it could only mean the maid do not even change the sheets . it be quite late at night so we have no choice but to brush off sand with a towel . we inform the staff in the morning and they could not comment . for an overprice room rate , we would at least expect clean sheet on the bed . we do not eat at the restaurant except for breakfast as it be always empty or with only few table occupied . we would rather eat at the small eatery in the town which be only walk distance away and where the local hang out

this hotel be extemely overprice for what it is . it charge the same price as many better full service hotel , but be basicly only a motel on the beach . it be very hard to get to from the main city and the restaurant be very expensive . luckily there be some very reasonable alternative nearby . it be worth no more than hk     per night . i stay fo   night before change to another hotel and the second day the room be not clean properly . the tea be not replenish and the previous days waste be leave uncleaned , and we have no soap in the shower on either night

stay here for a relax few days . would definitely return for longer

we stay   week at the silvermine and have a brilliant time . i would highly recommend it ! we originally book a place on kowloon and thankfully find out about the silvermine before go and so be able to book there instead   we be so glad we make the switch . the city itself be too busy and noisy to stay in , especially if you have young children . the silvermine offer the quietness of an island location , a good size pool and an excellent location right on the beach . the centre of hong kong itself be just a   minute ferry ride away available every   min or more

the hotel be in a fantastic location but prof the old adage that you get what you pay for . think travelodge price and travelodge quality and you wo n't be disappointed . the rooms and public area have be refurbish on the cheap but be ok , apart from furniture and carpet which be stain and threadbare on the stairs . however , the bathroom be about   years old and be pretty disgusting . the food be ok but there be nicer bars and restaurant to go to and the ferry back to hong kong be only a few minutes walk . the beach be great , which be just as well as the pool be never in action the entire time   days we be there . we tackle the manager about this but all he would say be that it be await a part . however , we never see any action on it and it be so green , i suspect it have be like that for week

great out of the way hotel . date and fade but clean enough and very good value indeed at a third to a quarter of down town hotels . ferry service to central be   min and can get to and fro airport by bus at nominal cost . local food and drink outside the hotel be very good value but hotel food be expensive              so eat outside anywhere other than the dread mcdonalds          after all you do n't come to asia for offalburgers do you

i stay for   night and that be more that enough

after live in guangdong province with my husband and two small child for half a year i decide to take the kid on a trip to hong kong . our kid be four years old and two years old

we visit the silvermine beach hotel for   at the end of may and have an enjoyable stay in what we would class as a well price but slightly date hotel . like most people , we choose to stay here for quiet retreat while have the access to the hustle     bustle of hong kong centre , and it definitely meet our expectation

the hotel be budget so do n't expect luxury , but that aside , the view , location , staff and facility be perfect for a break in hong kong

be student we want a good deal on a hotel in an area in hong kong , to relax , before enter the city itself . have shop around we get   night accommodation for   gbp include breakfast

hi

we travel to hk for a three week family adventure . initial plan be to stay at the silvermine for a few days and then to move into hk central . in the end we spend most of our time base at silvermine because it be such a refresh contrast to the big city . we love the frequent boat to and from hk which be fast and comfortable and if anything add to our holiday experience . the hotel while a bit threadbare be perfect for us . we really enjoy the fillng breakfast free every morning , the staff be exceptionally friendly , the swim pool be uncrowded and clean , and the rooms large enough for three child to share   this be simply not a option in hk . this be not a five star hotel but it do not pretend to be a high class establishment . for space , quiet , genuine hospitality and excellent value on a beautiful island just a short hop from the fascination of hong kong this would be the place to stay

we decide to spend the first three days of our stay in hong kong on lantau island to unwind after a long flight and prepare for the hustle and bustle of hong kong and kowloon . the best and almost only way to get to mui wo where the hotel be locate be by a taxi that will cost you around     the main selling point of this hotel , in my opinion , be its location   on beautiful silvermine bay overlook peak and distant island   absolutely beautiful ! the hotel itself be reasonably clean and the rooms be quite spacious albeit significantly worn out we stay in the south wing . the bathroom , although no problem with function , be in need of serious renowation . the hotel offer a free buffet style breakfast with a large variety of choice that i can probably describe as one of the best free include in the room price hotel breakfast i have ever had . generally speak , there be nothing wrong with the hotel and while you should not expect a   star accomodation the silvermine bay resort be definitely a worthwhile base for explore lantau and even the rest of honk kong

arrive from europe and after almost a full day of fly and hang about in airport , would you really want to plunge straight into the hustle and bustle of kowloon or hong kong island ? we choose not to . instead we take a Â £   light blue cab ride from the airport to mui wo , otherwise know as silvermine bay

this hotel be reasonably price that include great western breakfast buffet . the bathroom be small but clean , with towel although i do n't use them since i bring my own towel . the soap and shampoo however be this kind of all in one liquid soap in a dispenser . good thing i bring a small bottle of my own shampoo

i stay here two night enroute from the us to china mainland . it be a really charming little place , in a village on lantau island . the rooms be clean , and the staff friendly and helpful . the breakfast buffet be horrible . i would suggest skip it and get a cheap hong kong breakfast at one of the tiny cafe behind the hotel

my family and i spend   night in this hotel . the room be big enough for us three . the carpet be sticky and the pillow be too soft . the bathroom be ok . the staff be friendly and efficient . they be very pleasant since most be filipinos . the buffet breakfast be just fine . what i do not like be the very long walk from the bus terminal to the hotel . we have to carry our luggage and our baby all the way and it be rain when we leave , and so we all catch cold . the sand on the beach in front of the hotel be dirty , there be trash and dog poop . the pool be under maintenance . all in all it be an okay stay . we choose this hotel because we want to see the giant buddha and ride the ngong ping  

stay here for  

we stay in this hotel for two night , it be very very good location , directly on the beach , ferry and bus just   min walk , we enjoyd to come to the hotel after a day in busy cetrum and relax swimming pool be still open until   , which we take the benefit of . staff on the reception very helpful , breakfest buffet ok

ive just get back from a ten night stay at the silvermine beach hotel,even though they be renovate it at the moment we do n't have any disruption at all we book a sea view room in the old wing,the view be fantastic .

just have   days in hong kong stay at the silvermine . i pay around Â £   a night for what i could call a very nice , relax hotel that i could not fault in any way

a nice hotel in a very nice place . ferry terminal be a   minute walk with the journey around   minutes to the city . staff very friendly and our room be clean and well maintained . good standard and variety at breakfast . 'mountain view ' be a lie,however , we overlook a building site

stay   nights . be a great hotel , lovely large room with good facility

silvermine bay be a beautiful bay at the mui wo area the other end of the island of lantau . it be seclude , quaint , and clean town . in the middle of it be the silvermine hotel , face the beach . the staff be quite friendly , helpful and try to accomodate you . the food be so so . the room be tiny but sufficient and the little things they provide for the guest be plenty . the other building be still be renovate and we be billet in a separate building still w  great ocean or mountain view

this hotel be about   minutes from the airport an extra     hkd for taxis both ways . we specifically check and be tell there be a shuttle   there be not . internet be also not include in the rate and it be an additional     hkd per day . the room be ancient and rundown . it be indeed clean as much as one could clean it but it be pretty bad . they be renovate the place and boy do it need it . i be really happy that i only have to spend a few hours at this place . the only redeem feature be that it be cheap . you do get what you pay for

this hotel be on the island of lantau , very close to the ferry to the main island . its one bus away from the airport . staff be friendly and breakfast be outstanding , cleanliness be very good too . swim pool be clean , steam room and sauna be free of charge . two very nice pillow be provide in hotel room

we stay at the silvermine beach hotel in mui wo on lantau island in hong kong for   night in august   i be in hong kong for work but want a few days to unwind , and the silvermine beach area be perfect for this . this area of lantau be very tranquil to due a restriction on vehicle , but we find cab and bus very easy to use . the hotel be in a nice area for walk around , and we take a bus to ngong ping to ride the cable car to the top of the hill , and take another bus to cheung sha beach . both be recommend

we stay in a     south wing sea view room    which i can highly recommend . the service and most of the restaurant meal be very good , but the buffet be outstanding . well worth     nz     . it be currently under construction and not well signposted . we arrive at night in pour rain and walk right past

just return from a week at the silvermines beach hotel . on arrive in the evening , notice that the older part of the hotel be under wrap be renovated . the hotel offering all the facility apart from the terrace dine

silvermine hotel be nice for the price , and we really enjoy the view of the ocean . the rooms be cozy and the breakfast be free   so if you be look for a nice place to sleep , and friendly people   silvermine be the place to stay . the ferry be only   minuet or less from the hotel , and the bus take you to nice place on and around lantau 's island . i recommend take the bus from the airport , just to get a feel of the island

this hotel give us the best end to our   week trip around china . the staff and the food be great . they be do some maintenance on the building currently which be desperately need . the 'new ' block be better but the rooms i see be not that much better than the main block   check your room before check in   the first one they give us look out over rust air con duct and rubble . once you get past that though the place be really great . the staff be friendly , from the front desk and serve staff to the management   all be really keen to help and make you feel welcome . the chef be really good   especially their big buffet with loads of amazing seafood and barbecues . they lie on entertainment in the bar even when there be only a few guest about . the pool be really nice and be very clean . the sauna and steam room be good too and it be great to be able to use the private shower to get ready for the airport if your plane be a late one a bus run direct to the airport from just round the corner . the beach at mui wo silvermine bay be lovely and the hotel be right opposite . a great stay !   but check around on the internet for a good rate   we pay way way below the rate advertise at the hotel

we choose the silvermine because it be the closest hotel the airport    aside from the regal airport hotel , but that one be really expensive . due to flight cancelations , we have to stay in hong kong one more night so we want to go with something cheap and close by . it be a really cute place and the staff be really nice . unfortunately the place itself be very run down and old . its surroundings be beautiful , especially for nature seekers . really calm and pretty . the hotel be right in front of the beach  if they renovate it , it would be awesome !

this hotel be in a nice location in the bay . in general the hotel be average ! ! and it be not worth for the money you pay . it be in a very remote location and ideal for honeymoon couple look out for a calm location  

me and my boyfriend stay over for one night on the way back from big buddha at lan tau

we stay at this hotel from       november     day break away from our base in kowloon

we stay here for   night on a stopover from london to sydney . we book here as it be considerably cheaper than anything in kowloon or hk island

just get back from hk stay there for   days . prefer silvermine over hotel in hk

oh dear oh dear , just spend   days   night at this hotel . first the good point , the staff be very helpful and friendly and the room be clean and bed and towel change every day

hotel need a coat of paint and a bit of a facelift , but it be a very quiet escape from the chaos of the city . buffet breakfast be very good . beach and pool be clean and quiet . bus and ferry terminal be a short walk . peace and tranquility at an affordable price

this be rate as a   star hotel and on that basis i rate it above average . it be easy to get to from the airport , it 's right on the beach and great to return to after a hard day explore kowloon and hong kong . the view from our room be spectacular and the staff be very friendly and helpful . unfortunately we do n't have time to use the pool in the   days we be there . i do agree with everyone else that the building be in bad need of some tlc and if the owner spend some time and money on it it could easily be upgraded . if you be look for some nightlife the hotel do n't seem to draw many people into the bar at night . they have a pianist and singer but each of the   evening we go in to use the free internet there be only one or two people in there . overall i would definitely stay at the silvermine hotel again for the location and friendliness

nice hotel , keep clean and run by friendly staff . we stay in the most recent building and get free upgrade to the beach view room

i be book into this hotel for   night in september  

we have see previous review about this hotel and decide it be worth book for our trip to hk

i do not really know what to expect when i stay at the silvermine beach hotel so many mix report , yes when i walk up to the hotel it look like it could do with a lick of paint , but i have to say that when i open the room door i be more then happy . the room be in the old wing with a sea view the room be a lot larger and brighter then the newton hotel hong kong where i have stay twice before

lantau island be pretty amazing , extremely beautiful tropic misty greenery mountain paradise heaven . shame that silvermine     resort    just do n't match all this beauty level

the room be slimy  damp and old

we stay here for one night , on a layover on our way back home

we enjoy this hotel . it be very quiet after the madness of hong kong but that be not a bad thing . one or two bit slightly tacky round the edge but you get what you pay for . room in new wing clean and functional . optional buffet very good and staff very friendly and helpful the kid love the pool we love the fact be be quiet . whilst the walk to th ferry be uncomfortablr in hot weather you can get a taxi to   yds . mui wo be ok too all in all good value for money for a chill

this hotel be exactly what i expected . run down and old , and a quiet refresh break from the hustle and bustle of hong kong and kowloon . it be clean and the service be good . the staff be very pleasant and happy to help with anything . the breakfast buffet have everything you need . its a short walk to the ferry and   min ferry ride to central hong kong . i stay here for   night of a   day stay in hong kong and find it refreshing . easy access to the big buddha by bus

well the hotel need a bit of work . rooms be not spotless . basically the headboard need to be replace , however ! , for the price you get a really good evening buffet for very little extra . it be a beautiful setting . sit outside this old hotel in the evening on the most beautiful of setting with a beer in hand redeems the fade grandeur . the staff be very friendly and this be a positive . there be free internet in the bar which be great . even though it need a lick of paint i would go back , the set away from the chaos of hk , redeems it beautifully and the island be simply lovely . you can not be to hard on a hotel like this because if it be replace , by god think about what would replace it , i 'd say it would ruin the beach front . basically it aint chain and that be what be nice about it

my husband and i just spend   days in hk , we stay in silvermine beach hotel for the first   days . everyone on the island be really friendly

myself and my girlfirend stay for   night at the silvermine only last week . we arrive tired from an early flight from singapore and arrive at midday at the silvermine . any fear of not haing a room available at this time for us to get some much need sleep be quickly dash upon arrival . not only be there a room ready and wait for us we be also upgrade free of charge to a room in the hotel new wing . excellent customer service or what !

i must disagree with another reviewer who say it be cheaper to stay near the airport if you 're on a short trip . all the hotel near the airport be more than double the price , so even with a taxi each way     us     it 's still better to stay at silvermines

if you 're look for a taste of the old china but still want to see the city this be a great place to do it from . locate in the slow pace and beautiful little fishing village of mui wo on lantua island the hotel be only about and hour ride from the airport . we take the public bus number   which run every hour during the day . it 's locate just out the door of the terminal and across the street , the cost be     or about     for adult and half fare for kid under   , note fare on sunday be double . the

my husband and i spend five night in hk   three night at the silvermine beach and two at the langham in mongkok . we absolutely love the langham and hope to return , mongkok be a great area and buzz with energy . the hotel be luxurious , but this be reflect in the price . silvermine be considerably less expensive a third of the price i think and we think really top value for money . we enjoy the laid back feel of lantau and be impress by the quick ferry link to hk island   . the staff in the hotel be really friendly and helpful . we eat in the restaurant on the night we arrive tired and bedragled . it be a buffet style meal , drinks beers included . we also think this be excellent value for money and be glad we do it . a lot of the negative remark for the hotel seem to focus on the decor . we stay at one of the rooms at the back of the older hotel and be still happy with it i think the newer block , water face suppose to be preferable . my husband say it remind him of some of the days inn hotel we have stay at on our trip to the state   a little date , but clean and basic

the silvermine beach be locate about   minutes without luggage walk from the mui wo bus stop not a mile ! ! and ferry terminal   you can see it from the bus station . it do look rather tired from the outside   it be cover in grey white tile and the letters of the hotel name be a bit scruffy . inside be much better   reception be clean and tidy and the restaurant be smart and modern

we stay here for   night and   days at this hotel

a very strange stay  particularly after reading other trip advisor review beforehand ! ! ! i do n't understand the acceptance of what be a hotel in need of serious work and be not that cheap . in defence of the other advisor their view may have be colour by lantau itself . it be such a break form the madness of hong kong and highly recommended . and there be pretty much nowhere else to stay !

wonderful venue with beautiful view , easily access from ferry terminal . staff very helpful and friendly . book half board and be not disappoint   food excellent

i be back pack and hong kong be my first stop . after see the usual place offer to backpacker and the price of hotel in hong kong i pick the silvermine hotel . i be so glad i did . mui wo be a lovely little village with enough restaurant etc to keep you entertain in the evening . the ferry be a   min walk away and then it take   into central which be in the middle of the city . it costs   each way which be about   gbp . i see chunkking and mirador mansion and be so glad i be stay here . the only bad thing be that it be difficult to meet other people so may be better for couple

we have just return from a four day stay at this hotel , we be do this on the cheap so book the cheapest room rate . thanks to all the previous review we feel we book this hotel , know not to expect too much

after reading many of the other review i be very apprehensive about stay here   i even book another hotel just in case the review where correct

read all the review post here . i be a bit apprehensive reading those 'tired , not so good reviews' so when i check in , it be a pleasant surprise

this place be adequate for us for two nights . clean and simple

this hotel be perfect for my needs . ok , it be a little bit in disrepair in places . it be clean though and the staff be very friendly and helpful . the walk to the taxi at   in the morning , with case etc . , be a bit of a pain , but only take   minutes . i will return to hong kong soon and will certainly be stay here again

perfect location for a hotel , but what a shame that parts of this hotel have fall into disrepair . we have a wonderful sea view , which be useful as the view of the room be shocking , mould and damp all around and the bathroom , oh dear , dear , dear , what a shame

stay in the new wing march     march   but do n't get a look of the old rooms to compare

if you be think about book this hotel then do so . it â € ™ s a bargain . it â € ™ s situate right next to the very clean sandy beach . there be no car in this area so it â € ™ s peaceful in fact there be few car on the island because most of it be a national park and roads be few

my daughter and i book on this island think it would be closer to the airport for my departure early in the morning . it be n't really closer than kowloon , since you have to go over the mountain by taxi or bus . we arrive after dark by taxi , and since there be no beach front road , we have to walk down a one block alley with our luggage . it be dark and there be street people sleep in the alley , a bit scarry for   american females . once we get to the hotel , it be okay . not the best , but i be tired of spending money , and it be cheap . somewhat like a motel   in the usa . once you figure in the taxi fare , yes , i know we could have take the ferry , but we have a lot of luggage and think a taxi be the way to go both to the hotel and back again in the morning , we could have stay at the regal at the airport . we only stay the one night , it be okay , but last minute book at the regal airport hotel would have be just as cheap , without the hassel of the taxi . i will say that it would be a nice place to stay with a family , a good base to see hong kong from . cheap , not awful , and the people be very friendly . i would like to have see the place in the day time . we arrive at dark and leave in the dark . update the place and it would be a real value

advantage   short walk to   ferry that take you to central and kowloon   very scenic   clean bed   helpful

recently spend four night at the silvermine . agree with other reviewer that it be 'tired ' but nevertheless ca n't beat it for location and peace and quiet . staff all very friendly . complimentary buffet breakfast more than adequate   lots of choices . you would never starve unless you be ultra fussy ! we also enjoy a dinner buffet on our last night . again , lots of choices . the swim pool and sauna be great . room wise , very clean . bed and pillow extremely firm ! take awhile to get use to this

i stay a night at the silvermine during a stopover in hk , as it make a change from the city hotel

we be in hong kong for the opening of hk disneyland and choose this hotel for the price ca n't beat     include tax , we spend   night there . nice hotel in front of the beach although i do n't recommend bathe in hk waters , swim pool and sauna , a gym be also available but have no time to use it

i stay here twice this year once at the start of my trip to asia and then on the return . i only choose this hotel for its price and location . if you not want crowd of people then this hotel be ideal   its not one of the best i have stay in but for the price i pay it be value for money the taxi from the airport cost     hong kong dollar and take about   minutes the airport bus take about the same time and cost only     the room be damp and the windows wouldnt open . be tell this be due to the mozzies but im sure mozzie screen would have be fine . the breakfast be the best i have in asia . first time i be there i not get to use the pool as it be close due to the rain but on my return stay i make use of the pool sauna and gym . which be all free to use at no extra cost . the beach by the hotel look good but i think the water be dirty . there be shark net up but i be tell a shark have never be see in that part of hong kong . the pool be good plenty of sunbeds and umbrella and   lifeguard on duty . the entertainment in the hotel be a joke ! ! would have prefer to have have no entertainment to the rubbish i have to listen to . there be internet access in the bar . it say its free for   hour if you buy a drink but its not free cause the cheapest drink be about     hong kong dollars . it be the dearest internet i have use in asia . there be not much to do outside the hotel there be a few restuarants to choose from and one very good chinese in the food market . you have macdonalds itailian and even turkish if you want it . on my return trip i even find a fish and chip shop own by an ex copper and his wife . best pie and chips ive ever have ! ! ! there be an expat bar near the ferry show the footie when its on   the island have sign post for the walk trails . if you want to see the buddah and fishing village then the bus go straight there from the station . bus fare be reasonably cheap but price double on sunday and bank holidays . the same for the ferries . but oaps go half price and free on star ferries . if you like good scenery and walk then this place be great for that . its a five minute walk to the ferry and bus station . and it only take   minutes to get to hong kong island . i meet the couple from suffolk there and if i be there for two week i would have get feed up with it also . this place be good for a stop over only not a   week holiday .

the hotel be a really short walk from the ferry that take   min to central and tsim sha tsui and so be really just as convenient as be in a hotel in kowloon that be still   min from central and in the middle of all the madness of town

okay  the silvermine beach hotel be not the fanciest  it 's not even classy but it do n't pretend to be . it be a small , local hotel about   minutes ferry ride from hong kong and about   minutes from the airport . we stay here as part of our last few days of vacation . we get into hong kong around   p .m . so we take a taxi to the hotel . it cost about     hk . i would recommend take the taxi if you be come in the evening . the   bus to lantau do n't run often and the roads to the hotel be windy and narrow so a taxi be best at night . the hotel be on a quiet side of the island  the other side be where the big buddha be which is the draw for most tourist to lantau . it be so easy to take the ferry to hk for the day and come back to a small , quiet place to stay . the rooms be pretty dinky and small  not luxery but it be fine for sleeping . the shower be old school and the bed be small . the rooms have a small fridge , hair blow dryer and tv which be all we needed . we be able to get a room for     Ã ­ sh usd a night which be major cheap compare to other hk hotels . i believe the rooms be usally     per night but we go through expedia for the low rates

