my friend and i stay here quite comfortably . room with two bed be small , but what do you expect in hong kong without pay a bomb . in room safe , tv , clean bathroom , surprisingly quiet consider the room be street facing on   floor . breakfast in a large cafe include , and they have a pretty good spread , include hot food , western and asian dishes . the location be n't too bad . close to the central shopping area of causeway bay and the metro mtr , but not without an interesting walk through the wet markets for that real hk experience . wireless internet costs a flat rate per night or per week , add to your bill if you request it . overall i have no complaint here , but should add that i find nothing special about it either the website make it look flashier than it actually be . the fitness centre be awful to the point of be useless

we stay here due to its proximity to the hong kong football club which be a five minute walk away . great location , near to local fish fruit and veg market and within walk distance to mtr and times square , jardines market and sogo

stay for   night in aug within an executive studio room on the   floor at a rate of approx   per night inclusive of breakfast and internet for   adults . the room be of decent size with a separate live area which be rare in hong kong for the price paid . the couch in the live area be convertible into a bed which be good if you have   people staying . furnish in the room and toilet be all relatively new which make the stay a pleasant one . however , the queen bed be a tad too hard for comfort and might be a little small for   bigger size adults . ventilation or deodorisation in the toilet should be improve though

get a good deal through hotel web site   much cheaper than other centrally locate hotel and go for the executive twin room . be travel rtw with   old niece and this be our first stop and her first experience out of europe . hotel be easy to find use airport bus     you need stop   and the hotel be across the road ,   road on the right about   yds . tram stop be right outside almost . buy an octopus card as soon as you land at the airport and you can use it on the bus , tram     mtr . hotel check in be fast     efficient     our twin room be spacious enough for our needs . we be hardly in anyway . the room and bathroom be very clean   we stay on the   floor and have a partial river view . causeway bay mtr be about a   min walk away , but then once you get in the subway almost a   walk to the trains . we have no complaint with this hotel and would recommend to anyone . staff be helpful     friendly at all times . only complaint be the 'club lounge' . happy hour from       consist of beer or soft drink   only a few can of each on display and some pretty dry up sandwiches . however it be nice to have a place to sit and use the free internet . also   you get free wifi if you have executive rooms   you need to ask reception for the cards though . breakfast buffet be adequate

i book two rooms at executive level think that it would worth pay a little high price for the benefit of it . think , after sightsee and shopping all day , it would be nice to have some drink and canape at the executive lounge    but , when we ask about it on the third day of our stay , i be tell that even we stay at executive level , we be not eligible to benefit from the lounge because our confirmation letter do not mention it . i be so mad ! ! ! i tell the the people at reception desk that i upgrade my reservation just for this reason but they be refuse me with a stone cold face . i finally ask to talk to their manager , who apparently be just stand next to me but not interfere at all . she finally introduce herself and be insist on that we could n't use the lounge because the confirmation letter do not mention it . she say we be pay specal price for the rooms . i tell her that we be pay their internet rate and on their website , it say all the executive guest will have the executive benefits . anyway , she finally give us the special room key to change our status  

i pay hk     per night with buffet breakfast on a weekend . i be in hong kong for a conference , it 's only about hk     to the convention center . it 's beside shopping area times square , a market , short walk to wanchai store and hk     tram . you can buy a whole roast duck with rice for only hk     at the market . yum ! it 's beside happy valley race track with binoculars , you could see race finish from my room . bathroom be modern and clean , rooms be semi circular , small but cozy . have a ref and water boiler . limited tv channels but who 's in hk just to watch tv . there be no room cleaning charge as mention by another reviewer , a service charge of about     be standard in asia in lieu of tip since most people wo n't tip     if give a choice . really good deal

stay here most of may make it a base for tour asia . close to shopping , tram , subway mtr , markets . book on line and get free buffet breakfast which be very clean with good service . stardard room be very basic . for a little more get an executive room which include free internet , free drink from   to   in the lounge business centre on the top floor , free local calls . we finally upgrade to an executive suite which include   rooms , sofa bed and large bathroom for     a day with a beautiful view . a couple of annoy things . lobby have staff grab bag too quickly and they tend to nickle and dime you if in a standard room for phone call , internet , store suitcase etc

we stay here for two night in february on our way to new zealand . our room be probably a standard room on a lower floor . we find the same as other reviewer â € “ tiny room but with the necessary amenities , quiet , clean and comfortable , helpful staff who allow us to stay late in our room . breakfast be very acceptable

    worth stay here    be what all i can say

i stay here for two night , and it be reasonable value for the central location . it be only a short walk from nearby shop and wanchai station , plus it be very easy to find

i stay at the south pacific for five nights . the service be excellent and so be the staff . the room decor be a little date , but very clean and have all amenities needed . the maid clean the room everyday . the location be good and only five minute walk to the nearest mtr station at times square . there be plenty of shop close by . i would recommend this hotel and stay there again

conveniently locate at the junction of wanchai and causeway bay this be a good option for both business and leisure  gt   the shape of the hotel be rather strange round but it 's not a major problem . there be a crack bar on the top floor with great view across hong kong

i have be to hong kong twice         , and both times i have stay at the south pacific . location be great , about   minute walk to time square metro . good location to some of the large shopping plaza time square , soho .   hr stroll to the harbour front . bus from airport drop us off right around the corner from the hotel not remember which number

whenever i visit a country , i like to look at other hotel in the area for my next stay . have always want to stay here as it seem to be in a nice location and look a nice hotel

stay at this hotel in nov   with my dad for a family holiday as he live here in the   's

we stay at the south pacific hotel yet again and the service be excellent . we have stay at this hotel for the past   consecutive years now always on on the executive floor

i stay here for   nights . check in be brisk and the room be adequate   neat , not too large yet not too small consider this be hong kong . location be good , near the hustle and bustle of times square . for everything else , there be always the mtr

we my wife and adult son have stay in this property on two occassions for one week on each stay . both stay be in the trade fair peak season and as expect , the rates be n't exactly cheap anywhere in hong kong

south pacific hotel be smaller than what be show in its website but the location be very nice . just   or less walk to many store , time square , kfc ,   , pizza hut and other popular eateries . there be also a currency exchange shop in a side street after the mall . safe to walk around even at night . at first , i be hesitant to book here because we be a family of five their max . be   per room . i book in the executive studio room so its larger , equivalent perhaps to   standard rooms . we have   single bed in the bedroom then they remove the sofa and lay down another bed . i really appreciate what they do just so we could all have comfortable sleep . my child enjoy use the computerized bidet and watch the scene outside from the very large windows in the room . the gym be small but its free . we also have the privelege to have free internet access though they have only   computers . the staff be friendly too . overall , we have a pleasant stay in this hotel



small rooms . very hard place to find unless you know causeway bay very well . staff who do n't seem to know what they be do half the time . horrendously expensive , rip off price broadband that do n't work . i have all sort of problem , especially with wifi , which eventually get sort but only after long , angry conversation with assistant manager . i wo n't stay here again

i ca n't really complain about this hotel . the staff be great . for around   dollar you ca n't do wrong . although the rooms be very small   they be very clean . the location be safe   its not far from the action   if you want a taxi it will take less than a minute to find

we have   night in hong kong and want somewhere central and reasonably cheap . i look for a long time on trip advisor reading all the review and see how the hotel be ranked . i finally take the plunge with south pacific be persuade by the very reasonably price suite

i select this hotel be c of its location near our daughter workplace , but find it to be in the middle of the diamond and chandelier district ! walk the street night or day be highly entertaining ! you have never see so many shimmer diamond giant one in the shop windows in your life   and chandelier taller than i be ! the hotel be nice , rooms be small , bed hard duh , all bed in china be hard but the bath be solid white marble and have great water pressure in the shower for a real need massage feeling ! i stay twice in the same week ,   nites each , i book one thru a hong kong service , agoda , but the other direct . get the nicer room by go direct . wonderful doorman , in his turban and red jacket , white mustache , almost like a movie scene ! the bell man and desk helpful with direction , cab , etc     the double rooms have the equivilent of a queen bed but they not call it that , the singles have   twins . great bakery just a block down and around the corner , go there every morning

i stay at this hotel for two night during a stopover on my way to europe . the hotel staff be really kind and help me with my oversize luggage and by give me tip for cheap restaurant

the south pacific be a nice modern hotel but the location be away from the main hong kong attraction   min walk . our room be small but i think this be typical in crowd hong kong . the only slight issue be the noise from the pass elevator which could be hear in the room

stay here with a group of male friend in november . randy , the concierge , look after us admirably and the other staff be also very helpful . i be that happy with the staff that i be willing to leave my laptop with them , on check out day , and have no worry that it would be     safe

stay here with my fiancee for eight nights . times square be about   minutes walk with fantastic shopping and the mtr to access all of hong kong . bars , restaurant and lovely little side street outside hotel with fresh seafood chinese local eatery and a daily market that bristle with colour and local tradition

my wife and i stay here for   night in march . we love the location . walk past the fresh fish shop and the very basic local cafe on the way to the underground be a great experience . the room be small but we only sleep in hotel rooms so we do n't care . we find a very cheap website Â £   for   night and i suspect your allocate floor room size depend on how much you pay . the one big plus for us be the top floor lounge . table service by very nice and efficient staff the first night i give a waitress hk     tip and she say it be too much and give me   back ! entertainment from a very good trio and excellent view as it 's   floor up and all glass . we never get in at night until   at the earliest , so the lounge be a nice place to go to unwind and be open till   we would return to this hotel for this amenity alone . i do n't see child in the lounge or even in the hotel   but we be hardly in long enough to notice photo be fuzzy due to poor light

the south pacific be a clean and tidy hotel with nice reception area and good restaurant

i live here quite a few times   i know the manager because of my frequent stay so i always get good benefits . to tell you the truth the roooms be very bad so everytime i live here i only live in the presidential suite     it be a big big big big difference with other rooms , other then live in the presidential suite then there be no point live here   but i must say the price be a great deal for other rooms , but rooms be poor . as you can see my other review , i say i be willing to help anyone so you can email me and i will tell you the truth about hotels   the real face of them  

for the us     i pay , i ca n't imagine a better deal in hong kong . the room be on the small side , but it be still fine for a couple . the decor be tasteful and everything be very clean . very convenient location as well . on the strange side , the staff uniform look like an   ' wed band

stay here for one night begin of june . i have a double room for single occupancy for Â £   my room be on the   floor . it be nice enough , the room be large enough for one , the bathroom a tad bit small , when stand in the bath , my head barely clear the ceiling . the bed be clean and there be adequate toiletries . there be a mini bar and a tv in the room with english channels . the staff be okay , check me in and out in a timely fashion the location be about   minutes to times square where you can then connect to the mtr causeway bay station but thats another   minute walk in itself with so many people to navigate thru . overall a sane hotel which seem to have various on site facility such as a business centre restaurant gym etc but as i be only there for a day , i be unable to thoroughly explore it

i stay   night here at the end of april while visit extended family in hong kong . my uncle , a local travel agent , recommend this hotel as a reasonably price hotel that be conveniently locate

with little time to reserve my hotel prior to a trade show at the hong kong convention center , i book this hotel from a list provide by the convention association . look for a deal during this period last week of april   be near to impossible , so i choose this hotel base on the hotel website pictures    kudos to the photographer , but the reality prove different

great location be very close to times square which have plenty of shop and eat options . causeway bay mtr be under times square and be therefore only a   minute walk away . the room be clean and functional if a little small but i only pay Â £   for   night so i can hardly complain . i use the gym which be very small but at least the equipment be in good condition . i also utilise the business centre on the top floor to use the internet facility to print out my flight 's board card the charge be a resaonable hk     for upto   minutes include printing . if the price be right i would stay here again

good   above

we do n't know what to expect since we book the hotel after review the comment on trip advisor    ultimately , it 's your own experience that counts . we be pleasantly surprise and be happy with our stay

we arrive at the south pacific not know fully what to expect . we have book on a budget and it be our first time to hong kong

the south pacific hotel be on hongkong island , some block away from the main road . the building have   floor and   rooms and it seem to be in a rather good condition in contrast to its surrounding . you can find lots of stop over tourists as well as businessmen there

be in hong kong january of last year . and for someone come from a warm country like the philippines , it be really cold when we be there . our room in the south pacific be a warm haven after a long day of walk in the cold . also , i have to share the room with a friend and her young son so we be a little cramp but overall , the room be great ! i could n't say the same about the breakfast though

we stay here for   night begin of november   we use the airport shuttle bus to arrive and the hotel be just a few minutes walk from hennessey road

nice experience overall and for the price . the room and bathroom be clean , no mold or grime . they be smaller than the average rooms but easy to get around in . the sheet be crisp and clean and the carpet look clean and in good shape . white terry slipper , toothbrush , toothpaste , and comb be provide almost daily . towel be thicker than average . we be on a high floor so do not hear any street noise . it be close to main street and a   walk to the times square subway and shopping mall . very convenient . at the back of the hotel be an open market with fresh vegetable , flower , meat and seafood . wonderful sight , safe , and clean with all the constant hose and cleaning . concierge be helpful with all our questions . lobby be busy looking with all the marble but clean . will go back

rooms be clean , bright and cosy . perfect for a couple who want a nice end of day home from home . higher floor be more peaceful as less traffic noise . hotel reception be always helpful in answer question and book tours . location be next to times square   minute walk and all shop and restaurant and mtr rail link . hotel cuisine be excellent a little bit expensive and they have two internet pay terminals . great location , informative staff , a good honest hotel at a reasonable room rate

we end up here because we wait too long to book and the whole city be book up for an electronics conference . but , we get a good rate online through a last minute website . our room be very clean and do n't smell    tough to find affordably in hk , i believe . good location   min walk from subway . very helpful staff . they have a complimentary shuttle service to from the airport express train . yummy breakfast

my wife and i stay at the south pacific in november   for four nights . the hotel be situate on hong kong island in an area where the chinese worker live . although not particularly a tourist area we find it facinating visit street market and such . the hotel be be renovate when we stay there and to be fair it need updating . the rooms be clean and about average for a three star hotel . we eat once in the hotel and find it to be a little more expensive than comparable nearby restaurant but the quality be good . the top floor of the hotel be the starlight lounge and overlook happy valley racecourse . we find it an ideal place for a night cap and to look out over the island

be aware that renovation begin in the lobby on   jan     unfortunately when i happen to be there . the noise do carry through at least   floor and it be quite messy checking in out in the ballroom

this be the worst hotel we have ever stay at . it be absolutely horrible . do n't ever go there . if trip advisor allow us to give out our cell phone numbers , we would offer everyone to call us collect on them so we could talk them out of stay there

stay here a couple of times , excellent hotel and great value for money . better than   star    very helpful staff , great rooms not large but good standard , high speed internet . overall , very nice place to stay for tourism and or business . great location in causeway

we be repeat visitor to hong kong and we often stay at the south pacific hotel since   . in that time we have be able to book rooms from online website for     usd . this make it an excellent value hotel . yes , the rooms be rather small , though the size depend on where you be in the curve of the building . we have experience rooms that be in great condition and some that be a bit worn , but they have since be renovate the building . ask for a recently renovate , non smoking room . the non smoking floor be also much quieter

i do n't know what the previous reviewer be on about ! be we stay in the same hotel ? ! ! ? me and my husband stay here for   nights . we arrive before check in time and be quickly accomodated into an available room . initally we be give a room with twin bed so we ask for a double bed and it be no problem to change room . the room be very clean , reasonably spacious with a safe , power shower and free slipper ! the wall paper be not come off the wall and the room do not smell badly . the hotel be not old fashion , but rather be a very modern building outside and inside . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the hotel be in an excellent location   about   minutes walk to causeway bay metro and about   minute walk from the nearest tram adn various bus stops . the hotel be also just round the corner from times sq and a great outdoor market . my sister and her husband be also stay at this hotel at the same time as us but for   night . they love the hotel as well . definately recommend

ok   what be these people on here talk about ? .

first stop of a round the world trip ! stay   room only at this hotel

my partner and i arrive at the south pacific at   a .m . and be quickly check in to our room in less than   min

i arrive a little after midnight and the front desk staff be very quick to check me in and get me to my room . this may have be the quickest i have ever be check into a hotel . the staff be always very friendly , quick , and helpful , and the concierge be informative and helpful . the room , as have be mention before , be small but sufficient . i enjoy the hot water pot and tea and coffee . the maid cleaning service be very thorough and clean . there be some remodeling go on , but it be not too much of a problem . the hotel be very close to a tram stop and a short walk from times square , so the location be ok . i stay here for four night and i would definitely consider stay in the south pacific hotel again

i stay at the south pacific hotel on june   for six days . the hotel be small and go through renovations . the room be     standard    . while it be     clean    the carpet seem dirty and the wall need to be update

the room be new and clean . it be locate at a busy district , in between wan chai and causeway bay . it be near the time square which be within walk distance . the staff be nice and friendly . although it be not locate next to mtr , you be easy to go to causeway bay by use other transportation . the room rate be reasonable and be economy when compare with other hotel locate at causeway bay

i stay on the non smoking executive floor , which have a relax biz center where breakfast and cocktail be serve daily . there be also   computer w  free internet access . the room be semi circle , very small but cozy . they use yellow ginham duvet w  down comforter rather than your old boring blanket + sheet

we stay at the south pacific hotel from   and find our stay to be most enjoyable . the hotel be quite basic,with a bar fridge and kettle,very clean and well locate in wanchai,with shop two good bakery nearby and times square an easy walk , transport be very close . the concierge , the doorman and the cleaning staff be very friendly and attentive the twin bed room be more spacious than the double room , the bed be easy enough to push together we would have no hesitation in return to this budget hotel

