be my very first time travel in hong kong i be happy that have choose this hotel . its locate near to lady street and garden street . i love shopping there . the room be cosy and comfortable especially the toilet be very luxurious . alots of local food stalls nearby . hong kong really be a shopping paradise

i select stanford as be on a budget . it be a good clean hotel . forget breakfast and meal as the service isnt great and nor be the food . that be a minor point tho  it be in mong kok   minutes from all the hustle and bustle of market , lots of food outlet on the local street , mong kok station close by . clean and functional room . a bit small but then again you wont be sit in your room all day if you be in hk ! mini bar wasnt re stocked each day . wireless internet hkd   or hkd   desk staff friendly and helpful . would def stay again

the best thing about the stanford hotel , in my opinion , be its location . within walk distance of lots of great shop , the famous market and good cheap place to eat . not to mention a hairdressing salon on the same street which do the best     blow dry ever . there be a tube station within a couple of yard which make get around very easy and the hotel stocks a number of free map and guide

stay   night before depart china marriot quality room,but small    so what ? it have what i needed,and i love the location up a hill on a dead end street reminded me alot of nob hill in sf ! hotel remind me also of an american hotel more than asian,which be a good thing food be decent at restaurant on first floor front desk be helpful,would definitely go back

stay at this hotel for   from  

i have stay in stanford hotel a couple of years back and decide to stay here once again for my holiday in hong kong mainly for the follow reason

value for money , instead of the small crt type tv , our room have a wide screen lcd tv which i think be a good concept of space saving . the room be relatively cramp but good enough for both me and my friend . the room be clean and tidy . will definely come back to this hotel again

this be the most valuable   hotel in hong kong . it take   min to the mongkok mtr but i do n't feel long for the distance , because there be a lot of shop along the roads . i book the room through smartstays com run of house rate , so it at a very reasonable price . if u look something budget but   star , it be the best that i think . the room be clean and small but enough for   ppl and even hv place to keep my     luggage which some hotel ca n't do it hong kong hotel room be normally damn small . mongkok be sell mid range price stuff , e .g . hong kong branch boutique and famous sport shoe street if you like high end brand then tsim sha shui be more suit you . i like the dessert shop in mongkok the most , hong kong ppl really like dessert and they really good on it

though we only stay at the hotel for a night , we really enjoy our stay there at stanford hotel , mongkok , kowloon . it be within a walk distance to the lady market and about   minutes walk to mongkok east railway station

stay at the stanford between   april   locate   min from the mong kok mtr , stanford be the ideal hotel if you be look for a decent place near shopping area

this be the cheapest hotel we could find in hong kong that be in a good and convenient location therefore we be pleasantly surprise at the quality of the room . a   minute walk to the lady market and   minutes walk to mongkok underground subway this really be a fantastic location to be in . cheap and yummy local food literally outside your doorstep which be open early in the morning till late into the night

hotel be in great location if you want to knock around with the locals . easy access to shop and food , galore . i be here in   where the front desk staff be icy cold but not this time around   they go about their work with a smile ! even the doorman open the door for me as oppose to   when he just stand and watch me struggle through the door in the heat with two suitcase ! room be not soundproof as i could hear moan and groan of nocturnal activity in the next room . i be not happy ! but the manager be very kind and shift me to another room where i enjoy the remain two nights . all in all it be a good stay and my complaint be trivial compare to everything else provide

stanford hotel in mongkok i stay many times in this hotel already room quite small but clean and convenience to everythings local market the best hotel locate in shopping area , restaurants,like me i love shopping perfect for

good place to stay , just nice in terms of a comfy bed to sleep in , a clean place for shower and some place to put your bag and clothes . within walk distance to mtr , walk distance to bustle night market , near amenities , excellent breakfast in small restaurant in the same row of the hotel . superb location if you do n't mind walk out a teeny bit , because i dun think u wan na stay in a hotel with bustle night market just below the hotel . they also provide excellent safety box for ur travel money and passport safe keeping . definately will stay there again

stay one night while transit hong kong . cheap price for hong kong . i pay   include book fee . efficient and polite front desk . no smoking floor

we arrive at the hotel on the   jan . the room wasnt ready as it be   we go for a coffee and then check in . room   . two single bed and absolutely no problem with the room . good tv channels , tea and coffee etc . no disturbance during the night . sleep well . couldnt ask for more . pay about Â £   for my son and i for   nights . nice bar for a drink in the evening . never eat at hotel . we find the area round and about typical hong kong i imagine . very busy . we walk everywhere . it be a trek from the harbour but not walk then . get a taxi . we go to the big budda   fabulous and have afternoon tea at the peninsula hotel Â £   for   fabulous . also a cocktail there in the evening . what a view . have no hesitation in recommend this hotel . if you want somewhere even more central and no walk not pick this

do you have a good set of hike boot ? you 'll need them for the steep hike up the street to get to the hotel

if you wan na be a stone 's throw from one of the best outdoor bazaar in asia    the lady ' market    then this hotel be in the perfect location . this part of mongkok be bustle and full of neon and busy all night , which i like

we stay at stanford hotel for   days from   dec   arrive to hotel around   lobby be nicely decorate with chritsmas tree and welcome staff . we be tell that non smoking room be not available and they will move us next morning . we not move though because we be happy with the room . our room be locate near to the elevator , very convenient . amazingly this hotel 's tv channels have watchable english movie ! ! every night when we return to hotel the bed be make and room be clean ! ! plenty of restaurant and shopping centre around the hotel . my favourite be sephora , beauty centre . i be very please i choose this hotel and will stay here again in the future

the location of the hotel for shopping be perfect close to the market and the train to shenzhen . only problem the hotel do not know that you can not get a visa at the border so we end up in no wheres land and waste half a day and funny enough we be not the only ones . hear that this might change again after   oct

my sister and i stay in a standard room on the   floor . the room be n't huge but be spacious enough . nice clean bathroom , bed be comfortable and have a giant plasma on the wall with english channels

stay at this hotel during august   ! after our long flight from the u k the staff at the hotel be very good to us hold door open for us and what



stay for   night and actually this be my   stay in this hotel

we stay   night at stanford hotel . the service provide be generally good , they send us whatever we request in just few minutes . except on the day we check in , the man at the door be quite rude as he argue with the taxi driver that drive us from the airport over the luggage matter

our travel agent book this hotel for us for our   night stay in hong kong while we be on our way to europe

a comfortable stay . the room be adequate , if a little on the small side . i would happily recommend the stanford as an option away from the harbour area be so close to the lady market . my only complaint be that a travel cot be not set up for us on arrival this seem to be a problem with many hotel

i be pleasantly surprise when i see a bathtub in the toilet upon step into the room as i have this impression that all the rooms in the hotel doesn â € ™ t come with this feature . all the other item such as soap from the dispenser and all other necessity remain the same as from my previous visit . do not expect too much of a luxury in this hotel as all the stuff which they provide be basic necessity and if you be look for creature comfort , my advice be to go to other hotel instead . however , service at the front desk be more helpful this time round . i seek help from them on where to buy a particular brand of a local product base on a packaging and the front desk staff immediately help me to call the number find on it to enquire . overall , i find that the service be a notch up from previously while still maintain the level of comfort

this be my third visit to hong kong . like the location which be near to many shopping area within walk distance and close to the heart of the local

have check out of a hostel and stumble upon the stanford , both me and my partner be amaze at the standard of the hotel , the room be fantastic , huge bed ! ! great room , all the facility we need , lots of coffee , hairdryer , massive bathroom with a great shower , really happy , i leave my comment when i leave and they even write me a letter back in england thank me for the comment , work in a hotel myself i be pleasantly suprised at this lovely hotel

rate as a three star hotel this place truely impresses . this be my second stay and i would stay here again . the room be clean , modern and comfortable . the staff be excellent and help beyond all expectation to make our stay comfortable . we be travel with a baby and give us a late check out time at no extra cost . the location be safe and very convenient to all the mong kok attraction , particularly shopping and the lady night market

my galpals and i book the room for   night through the official hotel website     a night during the peak period such a steal ! . location wise , would probably give it a   star out of     need a good   to   min walk in from the nearest mtr . good exercise though , after gluttony for the entire day . the entrance of the hotel be a little hard to find , quite obscure if you be to ask me . we be lug our luggage round and round the block and none of the local seem to know this hotel  __  ' so make sure you carry a map

hmmmm    stay in this hotel for   nights . i find the room small but clean . the location be great as it be near to mtr,ladies market and shopping malls . but do not expect much from this hotel , they do not have excellent service nor facility

the stanford be a great little hotel in a perfect location in kowloon . i pay     +     tax for a single through a special offer on expedia , and this be a fantastic bargain

be initially a bit uneasy about book at the stanford after read the mix review , but the room soon put me to ease . we get a good deal from agoda com and be upgrade to a superior room , and the hotel be able to meet our request for a non smoking , twin room . room be rather cramp , with just about enough space for luggage , but we never spend much time in there anyway . only complaint be that pillow be very flat , although housekeep be quick to respond with an additional pillow when request

we spend   night at the stanford mongkok , and have a very pleasant experience . our stay be definitely enhance by the concierge brian who do an excellent job at ensure that we get the best out of our visit . he show interest in how much we have enjoy his suggestion , and book us a very reasonable taxi directly back to the airport . he also tape up our suitcase , which we only discover to be damaged as we be about to leave

nothing fanciful about this hotel or be it really that bad . just a decent place to stay in while you shop in hong kong . as no one really stay in an hotel while in hk what matter most in the selection of hotel be the location and stanford hotel meet this criterion

the location be great , in the heart of mongkok . initially want langham hotel , but be fully book , so we be give stanford hotel . the rooms be not ready when we arrive and we wait for almost more then half an hour . we arrange with our travel agency that we want   rooms side by side , the hotel not arrange that for us and we be give   rooms with different floor . we want a room upgrade to deluxe room , its newly renovate , its clean and neat , normal toilet with walk up shower only , but clean . its a small room , small cupboard with no door , but thats fine with us . basically you can hear people talk and walk outside . since we be not spending much time in the room , so its fine . the stanford hotel chinese restaurant serve very good tim sum , if you be a tim sum lover , have to give it a try

the location of this hotel be wonderful as it 's close to public transportation and also give you exceptional access to the day to day life of hong kong 's average citizen

stay here from oct   to   ,  

my sister and i be pleasantly surprise by this little gem . the staff be great and the room , although not large be ok , clean and service excellently . the desk staff be extremely helpful . we find the hotel in a nice little area not far from the market and transport all within walk distance . this area all tend to look the same so take note of where you be going . you can get lose easily . the dine room be nice and the chef cook us especially a souffle which be out of this world . be prepare for the smell of the area which can permeat your skin and become quite unpleasant . our return stay be in whompoa which be a lovely area but for the experience of hong kong , we preferred mongkok . enjoy your stay

this hotel be in a great location . be there two night in may   enroute to europe from australia . staff at reception be polite but the supervisor be very icy cold who do not respond to greeting ! he should n't be working there with this attitude . the doorman be pathetic as he do not help open door when i first arrive as i be struggle with two luggages . he do not even bat an eyelid when i smile to him . even worse he do not show me to the lift . what be he there for , i ask ! the room though small be clean . but on uncover the bedcover i see a stain and pubic hair in my bed ! must congratulate housekeep for efficient and speedy service as they immediately attend to change the linen and apologise profusely . have breakfast on first morning . be serve 'fresh ' fruit salad which i send back as they look stale as if from night before . their response be quick and come back with freshly cut up fruit salad . all in all , service be very good except for the reception supervisor and the doorman whose attitude must change if hotel want client happy and to return for another stay . all say , i will come back to stay at this hotel and hopefully the attitude of supervisor and doorman would have improve

this be the final four days of our our two week vist to china and i wish it would not have end this way . no one in the hotel would help with our bag , the lobby be always crow and more then one i have to walk down the stairs because i wait over   minutes for the elevator and i be on the   floor . the hotel rooms remind me of my dorm room in college . i have to pus the door open hard because it it the bed . the bathroom dor would not open all the way because it hit the bed and the shower door do not work . however , the a .c . in the room be wonderful . the location of the hotel be an hour walk to the harbor and in a more residential area , but there be a nice street market     lady market    . the food at the hotel be horrible . our agent book us for breakfast every day and dinner two of the nights . the breakfast and dinner area be overbooks at breakfast and dinner and the selection be right out of a can . after the frist night , no one eat dinner there and most skip breakfast . i can only recommend this hotel to the very very cheap budget travler or college student . there be a lot better offeres in hong kong at the same price

after reading poor review for this hotel we be unsure what we would find . what a fantastic place this be to stay at for a budget hotel . the room be small but clean , fresh towel and sheet every day . the buffet breakfast have a huge variety of choice   yoghurt cereal bacon    eggs , sausage , tomatoes,hotcakes , fruit and plenty of tea and coffee . the staff be very pleasant and helpful , nothing be too much trouble

whilst the hotel be well locate , be close to mtr and train stations , night market , and lots of restaurant , it be in serious need of renovation

we stay here for one night , all our first choice be book up

i stay here for   night back in   it be my first time in hong kong and i be travel alone

we have book or so we think to stay at the stanford hill view in tst , however , when we arrive in at the hotel they have no book for us although they recognise us as we have stay there before , we should have be stay for   night and they no rooms available . it soon transpire that we have be book into the stanford mong kok . we arrive at the hotel and the staff be ok , the rooms be much smaller and the first one we be give be very dark it face the back with a small window . we ask reception if we could have a larger room with more storage for our clothes and the shopping we know we would do , they be more than please to assist and move us to a twin room which be bigger all round . the rooms be neat and clean and the staff be very helpful and

very clean and comfortable but room be rather small , but not the smallest in hk . space be just nice for   person   my friend and i we 're both   + foot . there 's even space for luggage . bathroom space be sufficient though

small room with very basic amenities . however , it be very close to lady market and the shopping streets . it be a short walk to mongkok mtr though . the hotel be a little old but the thing that make up for it be the close proximity to the shopping area and night markets . would not have choose this hotel if there be a choice as it be a peak period and all hotel be full

previous visit i have stay on the island , so this   visit be my first stay in kowloon . the stanford be a good choice . it be an easy walk to the metro and to the bus route on nathan rd . the room be small but well appoint   and quiet , for me the most important feature . staff be very attentive and honest i leave some stuff in a room safe and they quickly return it to me . the food in the downstairs restaurant be a bit lack in flair   as the decor itself , but i be not too keen on eat in basement restaurant at the best of times . the lobby internet pc be handy and always available . lobby staff be very helpful

the location of the hotel be great . it be near to lady street and within walk distance to mongkok mtr . but be prepare to walk through the crowd during peak hours and weekend from the hotel to mongkok mtr as the whole area will be very crowd

the hotel be okay if you be look for cleanliness and standard service , but be sure to request for a non smoking room . we be give a room that smell like vomit and cigarette so that make our stay less comfortable than expected . the location be also not so good . the rooms be a trifle small , but a good deal for budget traveller

if you 're look to not have to pay the big price at the main hotel in hong kong , i highly recommend this hotel . it be a short walk to shopping and the subway . the rooms be as clean as you could ever expect and the service be good

we stay at the stanford hotel early november for around two week and find it to be very good . the hotel be clean with nice size rooms and the staff be very friendly and helpful . we also have an hour free internet access for our laptop every day in our room which prove very useful . the restaurant also have a lovely restaurant in the basement where we eat fantastic dim sum . the location be right in the centre of down town kowloon , which if you want to experience the local hong kong then this be the place to be . if you prefer to be among westerner then you should probably look at a hotel further south in tsim sha tsui or on hong kong island . whilst in hong kong you should try not to miss the restaurant on lamma island , especially at sok kwu wan , the horseracing at happy valley or the view from the bar at the top of the peninsular

be an avid toy collector , my husband love the accessibility of the stanford hotel to argyle street where rare collectible item can be found . he 's best find be a   g .i . joe doll in mint condition , seal box , for only hk    

this hotel be a very comfortable , modern , friendly hotel . the room be fantastic , the staff be great . buffet breakfast in the morning be also very good

