a bit of preamble . when we choose cathay pacific for our trip to australia , we be face with a   layover in hong kong . while it look excellent for sightsee , we fear that be around for so long , in between two   hour flight , would be very hard . so we start look for a day use room . our hope of receive good deal , since we do n't want to stay for the night , be crushed by many     offers    of book two night , only to use the day in between

a nice , clean , functional hotel at a great price in a great location . smallish rooms but fine for the price . check in and concierge staff seem a bit aloof but room staff be fast and friendly

to start , we have to say we laugh at the comment make by others regard the so called 'hill' . people , this 'hill ' be nothing more than a slope street about   yard long . it be not , repeat not , steep or

good service , clean rooms , perfect location , i can purely recommendate this hotel , i enjoy my stay very much and will     choose it again on my next trip to hongkong

the hotel be tuck away from the busy street yet close enough to walk to many attraction or just into the general shopping area . rooms be nice , fairly quiet , decent space , have a new feel to the carpet and furnishing . sheet feel new and good quality . generally attentive hotel staff . just small gripe about insufficient hotel amenities such as slipper , comb etc . and no roomsafe

my husband and i stay at this hotel for   night on our way to bali . after carry out a lot of research i book this hotel on the basis of location . check in be quick and efficient , i have book a twin room , but on arrival request a double room , there be n't any available that night , but we be give a double room the next day . we have read several review about hotel in hong kong , and that the rooms be quite small , and as we be n't exactly , petite , be a bit worry , but when see our room there be no need to be concern as we find the rooms in this hotel the same size as hotel here in uk

we stay for   night and be our first visit to hong kong . we find the hotel location excellent , easy walk distance to shop , bars , kowloon park , mtr and loads of place to eat locally and be right next to knotsford terrace which be recommend for food and drink in many of the guide books . it 's also a   minute stroll down nathan rd to get to the museum and the star ferry terminal

as the name imply   the hotel be indeed on a hill     cement hill that is . for those who do n't like hike and trek , then find some other hotel to stay . i do recommend jj hotel in wanchai which we stay in on our next trip back to hk

stay   night in this hotel its about a   star at the most , the be unclean and have old furniture ie bed curtain carpet etc the reception be no help in change our room , all they do be push a letter under my noise to say building work be go on thro the day from   be until   so deal with it , we be on our last stop after stay in china and this be the worst hotel we stay at , book another hotel in

this hotel be basic , clean and enough for a comfortable leisure stay in hk . it be locate on the quieter side of kowloon but still everything include nathan road be walk distance . i not have any complaint about my stay here . the staff be helpful too

we stay here for   night but we feel enough to say about this hotel  the location be very convenient ,near many shop and restaurant . the room be spacious and clean . the staff be outstanding , they be very friendly and helpful with our big bag to our room , they work with a big smile . all over , it be a good choice

when the airport bus stop at a very grotty look building and call out stanford hillview our hearts sink   but then we realise that the bus could n't make the turn into observatory road because of the hill and suddenly there be many helpful porter to carry our bag to the hotel . the hill be not that bad   the steps on the road be wide and staggered . you can always cheat and go through the basement level where the concierge be and the lift be right there for you ! ! or climb some stairs further down kimberley road which then take you past the knutsford terrace trendy dine place   either way it be not too stressful and i have netball knee

perfect location   on a quiet side street in tst quiet side street be a rare thing anywhere in hk , which give you excellent access to shopping and dinning . the hotel be on a very steep hill , which be not ideal for older traveler or traveler with kids . however , as someone note , you can get up on the escalator to knustford terrence and walk across the terrence to the back entrance of the hotel

i stay here for   days last month . the big hill really steep but the bell service be great . they bring my baggage from the road down at the corner . check in and out be very efficiency . reception staff be give a card to us when we go for a morning jog with hotel name and location just in case we get lose , which be an extra warm touch by the reception staff . room be comfortable and clean . i highly recommend this hotel and we will come to stay again

i stay   night in this hotel for attend the trade show . many good think to say   conveniently locate near nathan road , the place be safe and they be very clean , you never fear about if might be clean or noth . the breakfast be not marvelous but it have something for each one if you 're into asian food or western

well we be stay on the   floor of the hotel and it be very quiet there be a row of bars run under the hotel but we not hear them through the night

we book this hotel on the recomendation of friend and be not disappointed . rooms in a reasonable price

i have be in hong kong once when i be ten . not much memory about that trip . this time i visit again with my girlfriend . i make a mistake when i do the reservation . i book a twin . fortunately , we stay there in the low season . when we be register , the guy at the front desk ask us whether we want a double bed room or a twin . he be really attentive

i book the room on their own website with a reasonanble price . the staff there be really helpful . whenever i ask the bellboy or receptionist about the place around , they be able to tell me how to get there clearly . service be good and the location of the hotel be really strategical . i will visit again next time for my business

make my first trip to hong kong , it be clear that find a room at a reasonable price would be a challenge . i book a room for   night at the stanford hillview as it seem to be one of the few hotel in the kowloon area that be of reasonable quality and at a reasonable price at least for hk . on paper , it also look like it would be convenient to the kowloon site and a reasonable walk to the star ferry or metro station

ca n't complain about this hotel . it be well situate in a quiet area but close to restaurant and night life   within easy walk distance of the subway line and the harbour . staff be keen to help and exceptionally efficient the room be comfortable and very clean and the food at breakfast be excellent . i would recommend this place heartily

we stay for four night in oct   our room be quiet and comfortable and although the view be very ordinary other building , it do n't matter as we spend little time there . breakfast be of the usual     international buffet    type and sufficient for us . we do n't use the restaurant at other times so we ca n't comment on the quality of other meals . other facility at the hotel be adequate although the roof garden be nothing special . while we be there , the bar be run a half price promotion on all drink after   which bring the cost down to a realistic level

for a city like hong kong this be a very good option with a reasonable price the hotel sometimes offer value pack at at their web site and good location in the kowloon area

our flight get in at   and we arrive at the hotel at   , expect to have to wait until the   check in time , but they give us our key straight away , which be just what we want after an   hour flight . we ask for a high floor room , and they accomodated us straight away . yes the view be of other building , but all building in hong kong be high rise

stay   nights . have book deluxe room only to find view be of apartment next door . change to room at back overlook observatory , be ok

we stay for   night with our daughter . at our request we be give a larger room because of the extra bed which be good because the rooms clearly be not big . certainly not a luxurious hotel but perfectly acceptable . breakfast be good value . location be great withing walk distance of the harbour and shopping areas . do n't worry about the hill   its only a short walk . many nearby restuarants . would recommend it as a reasonable value hotel in a good location

we book the hotel through a last minute website . the confirmation come back with details of a shuttle bus . on the book slip we have to include details of our arrival flight and we be arrive after midnight . we arrive at the airport at   and there be no one in sight . we eventually find a flight attendant who very kindly rang the hotel to find out what have happen

i book here follow review on tripadvisor and i be n't disappointed . i have just one night in hong kong between flight and decide to stay in town rather than at the airport and this be an excellent choice

we be in hong kong on a short break from guangzhou . go to the hotel reception to ask for the price for two rooms and two nights . louis , the receptionist tell us the price , but he forgot that it be october   and no longer low season rates . when we be check out , we have a big surprise wait , double price . louis or any of the staff of the hotel never admit the mistake and so far there have be no reply from the manager michael either . not an apology , nothing . when you go there , be careful with what they say , it might not be true . i will definitely choose another hotel the next time in hk . for the double price we get old and smelly of cigarette rooms . virpi

i would really recommend this hotel . it be situate in a great place . location be just perfect     minutes walk to star ferry ,   minutes walk to night market . it be in a walk distance to everything  subway , shop , restaurant

find this hotel on tripadvisor after have no clue where to stay . such a clean and impressive hotel . really helpful and polite staff and great location . other review mention the steep hill the hotel be on which worry us before we go , but really this be no big deal . it 's steep , but not a long road so minimal effort require ! would definitely return

the stanford hillview be a small but very well keep hotel in the tsim sha tsui tst area . the hotel be locate near fantastic restaurant of various cuisine as well a affordable chinese eatery , a grocery , convenience store , and coffee shop

my friend and me be pleasantly suprised when we see our rooms    nothing like   star but more like   star ! rooms be decorate nicely and our view be quite good . the fridge in the room have a good choice of drinks soft drink but they do charge for mineral water . other than that , the bathroom be clean and even the bed too

hotel have a perfect location to discover hong kong . museum , mtr , star ferry , shop , restaurant and bars be all within walk distance . the staff be friendly and professional   the rooms be clean and quiet   the food be fine . we stay seven night and never regret our choice . if we ever visit hong kong again , we will certainly return to stanford hillview

we stay at this hotel for two night and it be a great value . the stanford hillview be a short walk to the subway and very accessible to location in kowloon

great little hotel in a great location . decor in rooms be probably a bit date but they be good size and nice and clean . for this price and location i don Â ´ t think you can find anything better in hk

locate at the top of a steep walk up a hill , this hotel be great value ! very helpful english speak staff , extraordinarilly clean rooms , very lovely bathroom , very quiet area . short walk to the lovely garden and not far from the start of the market areas . lots of food place nearby and taxis be always hang around the hotel so its very easy to get around . hotel be in kowloon which be about   minutes from the airport by taxi . great hotel , will be go back again for sure

stay there for   night with a girlfriend . i get a last minute deal usd     and the hotel be pretty good with such a low price

a really , really nice place to stay in a great location in hk with the exception of the short but very steep hill up to it !

stay at this hotel early june   no complaint about the service , location , or condition of the hotel   although , the room i be give be a bit 'oldish ' but tolerable depend on how much you pay i guess as to what sort of room you get    . would stay at this hotel again

my mum and me stay at the stanford hillview for   days in november   overall , this a great hotel for see the site of hong kong . it be a short walk   min to the subway station and just down the road to the shops . whilst it be situate on a steap hill , there be numerous secret ways to get to and from the hotel once you get to know the area you can almost walk the whole way through a shopping centre which be much nicer than negotiate the busy street

we book this hotel after read all the positive review and we be not disappointed . the hotel be excellent

we find the best deal for this hotel and book the room on their web site . i be impress with their quick and thorough email response to the few question that i have regard my upcoming trip . they advise me about the airport shuttle that i assume take me directly to the hotel but upon reading other recent review after my trip i see that it can â € ™ t make it up that all important hill . so , i guess it â € ™ s just as well that my husband and i miss the shuttle . you see it stop at midnight and our       pm airport arrival time be delay until about       be

by now , it be obvious that the hotel sit on a steep slope . hopefully , my photo could show how steep it is . my wife and i stay in this hotel for   night , and we book the hotel in full awareness of the slope because of the positive review here

location   yes , it 's on a very steep hill , one that have a staircase up the sidewalk , so be prepare ! lots of good restaurant nearby , and close to a subway stop  maybe a   minute walk . easy to walk from here to a lot of kowloon

a pleasant , clean , if fairly budget hotel , in a really good location in kowloon . the room be pretty small , but as we spend most of our time out and about this be n't too important . staff be friendly and helpful but , by god , when the brochure say that teh hotel be on a hill , it be n't joking . our coach transfer drop us at the bottom of the hill as it could n't make it up there ! if you have any mobility problem at all , then think again  

as a frequent business traveler to hk about   times a year i usually stay here or at the ymca on salisbury road . however , visit hk en route for our honeymoon to new zealand and australia , we stay at this hotel for   night as a couple for the first time and have an unpleasant experience

i stay in stanford hillview last year december . it 's a really good hotel with all attraction and transportation within wallking distance , but the only problem be that the slope to the hotel be really steep and tedious , although you can walk up from knustford terance but the staircase be very long too   esp after a tire day   unless you be into backpack you might not compained   but not for shopper

nice clean   star hotel very good position for sight seeing right on nutsford terrace,full of eat place little expensive ,hotel free shuttle bus very usefull trip book office on site small rooms but this be hong kong not much

good location , rooms a little small even for a single room , and average . bathroom okay . helpful staff

a very nice hotel and worth every dollar you spent . location be in tst area , the central of 'real ' hongkong . walk about   minutes to mtr station , near dozens of restaurant and shop , however still it be very quiet . a steep road be not a big problem , not at all . room be very clean , spotless and the space be decent , it be more spacious than the kimberley hotel 's room which be about in the same vicinity . i just praise hk 's cleanliness standard . both kimberley and stanford hillview be very clean . staff be helpful . and off course , the wonderful things add to the value of the hotel be the knutsford terrace . we spend every night drink and have a light meal in different cafes resto after all day long explore hk . i will definitely go back to stanford hillview again on my next trip to hk

stay here in december   and find the hotel to be great value for money . the rooms be fine and the buffet breakfast be a must for     evening buffet be also great value for money . although the hotel be on a hill i would not let this put you off what be a very good hotel that considerably punch above its   star status

yes , it 's all true what other reviewer 's have write about this hotel

this be a fantastic hotel in the heart of hong kong , the rates be very reasonable , the hotel be clean and the staff be very friendly and helpful . although there be a steep hill up to the hotel you can access it from knutsford terrace where there be an escalator . knutsford terrace have a number of great restaurants . only a   minute walk to the closest underground and the famous nathan road shopping centre . would highly recommend this hotel

stay here for a full week , and we be very happy here . my husband be an insomniac , and i always look for a quiet hotel , which i think would be difficult to find in such a crowd city . we stay on the   floor , face the observatory , and he sleep great ! our room be always clean , bed be make with crisp duvet , with very large pillows . breakfast buffet be fabulous , enough variety to please everyone from vegan to carnivores . staff speak great english . internet be expensive in the business center , i think   hkd per hour . easy access to bus route on nathan , subway stop also a quick   minute walk . shh offer a free drop off at the airport line subway station , so do n't pay for door to door service if you can haul your own luggage . a group of three or more go for much less than individual fares . many restuarants nearly directly outside the front door , our favorite be the indonesian call   i would recommend the green papaya salad

stay at the stanfod hillview hotel in october   and have a great stay . hotel be ideally locate to explore hong kong . right in the heat of tsim sha tsui you be never far away from hong kong 's many attractions . the room be a good size and very clean and comfortable . there be pleanty of good place to eat on knutsford terrace

excellent

we stay here for a week when we be in hong kong . the rooms be very small , dusty and have a sewerage smell in the corridor . they do n't feel very clean but be acceptable . the decor of the rooms feel age and in need of renovation . make you sure do n't use the mini bar as it be extremly overprice when   be down the road . staff at the restaurant and reception also try make everything as     part of the room rate    until you check out and they tell you that breakfast be n't free even though we ask as we be unsure of what the travel agent have arrange nor be use of the golf simulator upstairs . staff be also very unfriendly and do not really make you feel welcome . when request for services , they make it obvious that they be only comply with us as they be not in a position to refuse

stay for a night during christmas period in   as most hotel be either book or too expensive . have be to hk several times for leisure , i have always stay at different hotel as there be plenty of choice to choose from and it 's always nice to try out a new hotel

not luxurious but well price   it 's hard to get more room for less . not well stock in terms of facility but that do n't really matter because you 're in hong kong

my wife and i stay at this hotel for   days . we both choose this hotel though your site and it be exactly as descibed

room not as small as i think it would be , i get a twin room on the   floor . it 's not big , but have no problem move around , bathroom a bit smaller , but very clean . housekeep very good , room very clean . front desk staff never smile but i do n't have much contact with hotel staff except check in and check out . also very quiet . overall a good hotel if you be not look for a grand lobby and swim pool   etc that kind of stuff

you can not find a better hotel in a better location in that price range ! it be extremely quiet and clean . the room be perfect deluxe twin . we love have breakfast in the dine room and look out the window at the beautiful huge banyan trees . you be close to everything , and there 's even a supermarket just around the corner   convenient for bottled water . be sure to check the hotel 's internet offer

we stay for one week from   september . we book a standard twin room online through wire destination , which seem to be the best deal . i think the room be a deluxe from look at their website   it be quite compact especially the bathroom ! but quite sufficient for our needs . it be clean and modern and pleasantly decorated . yes , the bed be firm ! but my back have no complaint

stay in the stanford hillview hotel with my sister on the first leg of a three destination holiday during august . the weather in hong kong be very hot and humid but the air condition in our room be a god send . the hotel be very clean and our room be quite spacious . we have a five night stay and our bed linen and towel be change every day . all the staff be very friendly and helpful . even though breakfast be not include in our book we use the buffet style breakfast a few mornings . the buffet selection be mind blow with all kind of conceivable goody to whet your appetite and certainly keep you go for a good part of the day

we stay at the stamford hillview during a stop over on the way europe for   night on the way there and back home to australia . great location , right off the central shopping area and near the subway

good size for hong kong , clean rooms . polite and helpfull staff .   star hotel that punch above its weight . locate right on knutsford terrace     min walk down nathan road to tsim sha sui and star ferry . would stay again

be stay at this hotel from   to   august , while visit hk for a medical conference . choose this hotel because of the review from tripadvisor . it 's near shopping centre , mrt stations   , eatery etc . i enjoy the food at knutsford terrace , about   min away . staff be professional and super friendly . very good service from them . room be ok . hk 's hotel rooms tend to be small . overall , it 's a hotel with good service and it 's situate at a convenient location . the slope be really not a problem . we enter the hotel 's   from knutsford terrace

the stanford hill view be in a great location , close to all the shopping in the kowloon area . the staff there be very friendly and the breakfast include be great

stay here on the last leg of my honeymoon . location be great , rooms be not spacious but average size . hill up to the hotel be a killer   get a taxi

this be a pretty good hotel for a reasonable price in a very expensive city . the staff be friendly and helpful and the room facility be perfectly fine . the only problem be the bed . it be amazingly hard as be the pillows . it get so uncomfortable that i ask the manager if they have other rooms with softer mattresses     they do n't . if they change this one thing , i 'd happily go back

enjoy our stay . the hill be not big and only a few steps but a pain when you have be shopping lol . staff be friendly , rooms be spacious and clean . would stay again

stay here for   nights . nice rooms and generally helpful desk staff . they be a bit disorganize around arrangement for airport transfer and require many phone call and clarification to get it right . rooms be clean and good sized . breakfast be ok if a bit pricey for what you get . one warning    i be quote a price for a room by the hotel in write but they would not honor it when i go to pay for the room . much discussion at the front desk yield no satisfaction . i be quite suprised that they would not provide good customer service by honor their own price quote

well do trip adviser , the review about this place be quite accurate ! our room be comfortable and big enough . our deluxe double be on a par with a standard hilton room

we be on vacation during the first week of april . unfortunately , as soon as we get to the hotel to check in , i realize that my wallet be miss , and be probably leave behind in a cab . the hotel staff go out of their way to attempt to help us get in touch with various cab companies . they be very helpful with all of our subsequent question about how to get to various place around the city . the location of the hotel be great . the walk up the hill , which others mention , be not bad as long as you do n't have any major disable conditions . the numerous adjacent restaurant be so much fun to eat at that we choose not to eat at the hotel . we take the airport express bus to the airport take about   min     hr , which only end up be about       hkd for   people , and stop at a a nearby location on nathan rd

the hotel be in a fantasic position for all the local attraction in kowloon . only a minutes walk away and you be at the terrace bars and restaurant just behind the hotel

stay for   days on business trip , good location for business , have a little alley full of good restaurant right next to it , starbucks be   meter away . breakfast be great , not have lunch or dinner . rooms be very good , very clean , fast wireless be great , and the hotel be on top of a hill with no other building around so their be pretty much no noise at all

hotel be well situate for nathan rd and temple st market , and be just a   minute walk to the star ferry terminal . room be fine and bed very comfortable , two singles pull together to make one huge double

we stay a week at the hotel from mar   to apr   we read the review on tripadvisor com before decide to book this hotel . we like this hotel because it be locate in tsimshatsui . we know about the steep hill , but there be another way through the escalator and a flight of stairs at knutsford terrace behind miramar shopping centre . we be pleasantly surprise by the size of the room , it be quite spacious in hong kong standard . the gym be not well equip but there be no one use it and it be free to all the guests . we also look into the drive range on the top of the hotel . it costs hk     less than us     for a bucket of golf ball and some club so we do not use that particular amenity but there be a decent view up there

we stay at the stanford hillview with a small group in january   we find the hotel to be a reasonably good chioce overall

thank you trip advisor reviewer for your accurate comment regard this hotel it be excellent value for money in a decent location rooms be not new , but perfectly satisfactory consider that you only sleep in them a decent buffet breakfast costs only   the whole hotel be keep immaculately clean the big plus be the price compare to other hotels i also manage to get a free late check out by book through virgin i scour the internet look for a decent hotel at a reasonable price in a decent location it come down to the stamford hillview or the metropark in causeway bay i think the latter be more luxurious but i be glad that i stay on the kowloon side of hk  and would certainly stay at the stamford again if you be visit hk , try to fit in a boat trip around aberdeen harbour walk away from the boat owner until he agree a price of   for the   minute trip

we stay at the stanford hillview hotel for   night during lunar new year 's celebrations   the hotel be perfectly locate in the center of everything important   restaurant , all kind of store , supermarket , mtr     busses . room be keep very clean and unlike in other review , we think it be spacious enough     very comfortable standard room . worth mention that the small fridge in the room be quite usefull . air condition in the room be always work , even when we be out , so in daily return , the room be keep cool     dry . a late check out be offer free of chrge . about the steep hill , there be a simple way to avoid it by take the   segment of the escallator in kimberley rd . look for     knutsford steps    and enter   hotel floor straight to the hotel 's elevators . defenitly would choose this hotel again

my wife,myself and   daughter         stay at the stanford hillview for   night feb   we all thought it be a fantastic hotel in a great location . we have breakfast include which be a great way to start the day . the hotel itself be always clean and quiet and the staff be always helpful . we actually pick this hotel by use the review on trip advisor . we be glad we did this hotel might not have   bars , pool spas and expansive lobby area , but it offer a great place to return to at the end of a long day out and about . after   night here we could not find fault with it although my wife think the bed be a bit firm . the location be perfect . we walk to either   of   mtr stations,walked to the star ferry and to the temple street night markets shops and restaurant surround the hotel and the irish pub     the fine irishman    be a great place for a beer and a feed . all in all a great spot to stay and we would thoroughly recommend this hotel to the tourist look out for a nice hotel without the big costs

we get this through a package deal with travelhouse .co .uk . i will be consice about this hotel as i know it can be a bore reading through ream of text . the follow be the opions of my friend and i , and ultimately you will have to make you own mind up wether to saty here

this be a great little gem , especially for the price you pay . the rooms be not big , but be actually bigger than we expect for hong kong standards . hotel be quite clean . there 's a neat little terrace on the roof with a golf drive cage and place to sit . staff be helpful . be near a lot of hub bub but tuck away from the noisiest parts . a new mall and street of upscale sidewalk restaurant be just a few steps away from the front

stay   night   rooms be fine for the price , not large but clean and bed be comfortable   but the background building hum make this the noisiest place i can remember stay in

the room be wonderfully cosy and the bed be fabulously comfortable . i cant stop rave about the bed . it be very soft with fresh sheet and really soft comforter . great for rest your tired body after a whole day of walk around town

have one night here in between sheraton and a side trip to shanghai . expect the worst as the price be almost too cheap by hong kong standards . on enter the room , we be pleasantly surprise , and although quite compact , it be clean and have a good firm bed with very clean linen and cable tv . bathroom also small but clean and everything work well . the window even offer a view over the treetop uncommon in kowloon ! staff very helpful . the area be excellent for eat and shopping and the most amazing indonesian restaurant be ten pace across the road . we even walk back up the hill a second time to eat here when we check into the sheraton . this be a good value hotel for the budget conscious tourist in a very expensive city . it seem to have high occupancy rates and lots of western tourist come and going . a good choice

just spend   pleasant days at the stanford hillview . we book through asiarooms no trouble on a b    b option . the room be small but ample for me and my partner . bed be comfy , bathroom be clean with a powerful shower . a c work a treat save us from hong kongs humity . staff be very helpful and efficient . breakfast be a mixture of cook western breakfast , pastry , fruit , yoghurt and some chinese congee , very nice but wouldnt have take it if it wasnt include in the room price . the hotel be locate down a side street so be a quite haven in busy tsim sha tsui , excellent for nathan street many shops . its also locate less than   minutes walk from   metro stations and about   minutes walk from temple street night markets . the hotel be at the top of a small steep hill but you can go through the basement car park to a lift . we take the airport shuttle vigor to and from the airport cost less than Â £   pp each way and it drop you off at the bottom of the hill and the bellboy meet us there to take our case

we be very please with our choice of hotel for our   day trip to hong kong

stay   august

this be a great mid range hotel to stay in for a visit to hong kong

i get a good price     for a single room . everything be clean , and the bed have a very nice duvet . the room be tiny , no bureau at all . i be use to hong kong hotel rooms , but this be the smallest ever . however , i see that some of the other rooms be much bigger , so perhaps my small price get me a small room room   . the location be rather inconvenient . i would not stay here again , because i think a no view room at the salisbury ymca make more sense . but if you end up stay here , do n't worry   everything be clean and the staff be fine . one good thing   a   p .m . check out be offer for no extra charge , and the   p .m . late check out cost me something like    

we book this hotel with hotel travel which have the cheapest price and still have to my knowledge . prior to depart the hotel arrange the shuttle bus from the airport for us at   hkd per person which we think be great as we know we could get there hassle free . we be very please with the location of the hotel , o .k . so you have to walk a bit to the mtr but you can get to lots of place once you have enter the mtr station and it 's airconditioned so you stay out of the humidity on the streets . there be also the add benefit of be in a quiet location , which have hear the traffic on nathan rd , be a definite plus . the hotel be excellent value for money . the rooms be a little date but immaculately clean and as you really only sleep in there it be n't a problem . we also have a fantastic breakfast there for only   hkd . i would advise anyone to stay at the stanford hillview , it 's a great hotel and wo n't eat into your budget too much . an excellent hotel

the hotel be just perfect for the price that we paid . we book a standard room thru expedia for hk     per night . when we check in at the hotel , we get upgrade to superior room at the same price

fantastic location , great late checkout   terrific breakfast that will see you through to dinner , and very clean , great price , great location , all good

great value and just minutes from all the action . if you be on a budget as we be you ca n't go far wrong with this hotel . if you get a chance go to the revolve   restaurant for amazing view

have just return from spending   night at this hotel . good value , terrific location only minutes from most central amenities . very polite staff , bed change every day if you do n't stop them ! good breakfast buffet but could possibly have get cheaper elsewhere . room basic but comfortable , and even though our flight be not due to depart until late evening they let us stay in our room until   on the last day . we be on the   floor , but not high enough to avoid the smell of food at all hours . just round the corner from knutsford terrace  great italian restaurant within   minutes trip distance ! would recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again

it be my first time in hk and i stay at the stanford hillview for   nights . the location be excellent , only   min walk to the main shopping district and the star ferry . the room be larger than i 'd expect and staff be polite and helpful , allow me to check in early at no extra charge , and also look after my bag when i 'd check out . i do use the hotel 's buffet breakfast which give an ideal start to the day . i get a good rate book via expedia and would certainly be happy to stay there again

stay for   nights . best thing about the hotel be the location , with knutsford terrace just round the corner . some excellent restaurant and plenty of bars . plus only   minute walk to the star ferry

we stay at this hotel for   night , this be our   trip to hong kong but our first stay here , the room be much larger than we have experience before , rooms be clean and well equip , there be no in room safe but the reception staff be happy to access safe in reception for us . staff be extremely helpful and late check out be offer withiout additional charge . location be excellent and entrance through basement just off knutsford terrace mean no walk up the hill after a busy day shopping . buffet breakfast be good but try to get this include in your room rate as it be probably not worth what they charge for on a daily basis

