just get back this morning from a long weekend in hong kong . this hotel be really good value for money , so i really ca n't see why people be whingeing about this hotel

i should have read these review before book this hotel . the rooms be small and the matresses be comparable to a park bench with no give in them what so ever . the bathroom look to be an add on which have make the rooms smaller and the deccor be look qute tired the location be far to close to the red light area which be not nice to walk through . we stop for   night bed     breakfast . the breakfast be fine with all the usual international option no complaint there . the staff be freindly and helpful and as our flight wasnt until midnight they give us a late checkout   instead of mid day for no charge . the really annoy thing about this hotel be an instrumental version of     unchain melody    which run on a continuous loop   hr a day in all cooridors restaurant and public area you can even here it from your bed if your struggle to sleep and to think i use to like that tune . my advice to anyone planning a liesure stop in hong kong to stop in     the exselsior    it look a lot better and any trip that you want to go on the pick up and drop offs be do from there . the traffic be so bad in hong kong they wo n't go to all the hotel

i book through internet which be great and the rates be not that expensive but after check in we discover the worst toilet and shower ever and even start look for another hotel and when we come back we complain and they give us another room with much better

we stay here for a week , hotel be nice have a bit of hassle checking in as we have a late check in   pm so we end up on smoking floor   and   they change us the next day . bar downstair be nice friendly , do not eat in the japanese restraunt in the hotel if you be not local as you be treat badly , they totally ignore us and put be in a very dark corner no other european in there and i woul dsay it be due to the hospitality hotel in a great place for gettin around to all the various area , the girl outside be a pest after a few days when you have man with you as they want work ! ! ! english bar across the road up a lift the trafalgur pub very very good go there   times as the service be so good , go to the buddah def worth see , also go to lamma island but be a bit disappoint as not keep very well alot of ex pat live there although very nice small fishing town , ocean village def worth see and discovery bay be the best place for peace and quite nice beach and very very good food , hong kong be a very very clean place and we never have any problem whatsover out there mtr easiest way to get around , temple street worth go ot see . rooms be not update , but i do have to say the concierge that be on night shift be a very nice guy and help us the whole

this be the fourth time i have be to hong kong over the last ten years and on each occasion i have stay in wanchai hotels . wanchai be really convenient for access central , causeway bay and kowloon . a year back , i stay at wharney on lockhart road . the hotel offer really good value for money spend right in the center of business and pleasure activity in hong kong . the hotel be just around the corner from the convention center and post meeting there be a range of good place to relax . you may need to side step some of the neighborhood 's night time activity on the way to the hotel , but that 's really a part of the overall ambience of wanchai . good fun ! the rooms be pretty good and comfortable and the usp be their size , the largest of any hotel i have use in hk . the hotel be recently renovate last year , all staff be courteous and really you could n't pinpoint any issue even if you go look for them . all in all , the best your money can buy in hk

great hotel in a great location . many restaurant and bars close by . close access to the rail line and shop

hotel be locate on lockhart road in the centre of wanchai nightlife , and also within walk distance of star ferry and mtr station

trategic location , near to many restaurant and shop

i recently have a brief stay of one night , on my way home from macau . i get an unbelieveably great rate through agoda

i be attend a conference in hong kong and find this gem of a hotel downtown . location be very convenient to the convention center and many choice for meal afterwards

central location but in a street in night club and prostitution

well locate , good price , friendly enough staff but they need to get the wireless internet sorted . i stay six days   it take   days for a technician to reset the wireless unit on my floor so the signal would hold stability . business traveler rely on internet and do n't mind pay hk     per hour for good stable wireless access

have just have a brilliant week at this hotel . be in hong kong on a shopping and sightsee trip and have a great time . the staff at the hotel be very friendly and helpful , the hotel be in a great location for sightsee   yes , it 's in the red light district but it 's very safe and there be lots of nice bars close by to 'people watch ' from in the evenings . the room be fairly spacious and exceptionally clean   crisp cotton bed linen and fluffy white towel change every day ! would definitely stay there again

i stay at wharney guangdong for   days while attend a conference in hong kong

stay here from the   april

tick all the box , show its age , carpet very stain but over all clean and tidy . fantastic location near mrt

period of stay     feb

we stay here for   night in may on a stopover to new zealand . this hotel be centrally locate in wan chai within walk distance of everything ferry , victoria peak , hk park , etc . it 's on a road with lots of girly bars , but i would n't say it 's a 'red light ' district really

i stay at the wharney between feb     at first i be a little unsure , because of some of the negative review i 'd read on this site . when i get there i be greet by very friendly staff , and the check in process be quick and simple

my partner and i have stay in this hotel three or four time usually for about a week . we most recently stay in december january with my partner 's parent and grandchild . i be really dissapointed at the room they give my partner 's parent and grandchild . three single bed shove into a tiny room , not room to walk around any of them and no room to sit down , other than on the bed . their luggage be stack up against the wall and it be just terrible

i would class this hotel as   *

the staff be very unfriendly and rude . this be definitely not a four star hotel as rooms be too small and hallway look dirty and worn out . i book this hot via online and pay a total of canadian     for three night , which average out to can     per night . however , i make a mistake a count one day less without realizing . on the day that i be suppose to check out , i return to the hotel in the evening to find the room be locked . after speak with the receptionist who be very rude , i realize that i have miscount the days and miss one . i then ask her to extend the stay for an extra night   for that i be charge canadian     for the room for a night . i stay in a superior room and they have charge me the post rate for the deluxe room even though i never upgraded . on question them , they claim that at different senario , they can charge a different price . i have never feel so rip off before . the location itself be n't the best as there 're many prostitute and rowdy drunk bars hopper hang around every corner . i do n't feel save even to walk down the street at night . i do not recommend this place to anyone

i stay there on the last day of   it 's an ok hotel for me if compare to other hotel i have stay in hong kong . it 's value for money and it 's sure you 'll get what you pay . it 's not my first choice as i think kowloon area be more crowded . but since i travel on   dec , not much choice for me

i stay in this hotel for just one night for     usd . the price be great , the location be good , but the rooms be really small . definitely not a place to stretch out in . please notice in the picture of the hotel that everything be shot with a long lens to make it all seem bigger . the lobby be nice and the staff be quite attentive , but be prepare for a cell size room and very very hard bed ! its serviceable for a short trip if you be on a budget . only a   minute walk to the wan chai train station and the neighborhood though near a 'red light    district feel quite safe and well lit

the wharney be list in some guide as a   * hotel . it be certainly not so

we book this hotel through ba holiday primarily for its good price and location . it be situate in wanchai close to the mtr only two stop to central , bus and trams . the area be very buzzy and there be some good bars and coffee shop nearby as well as more of what wanchai use to be famous for   its a pale shadow now ! we stay   night in a standard room on the   floor overlook lockhart road do n't stay here if you want a decent view where there be always something go on . the room be of a reasonable size   two twin bed   and a decent bathroom . the bed be very firm which we liked . the standard of cleanliness be excellent . the staff throughout the hotel   reception , concierge , maid , bar   be , without exception friendly , helpful and all with a ready smile . we leave our camera in the bar the canny man one evening   and do n't realise that we have lose it until the next morning . the staff be helpful and concern and it be eventually discover behind the bar where one of the bar staff have deposit it for safe keeping . this bar be generally very good   excellent staff and good food . the downside be that it could get very noisy especially on friday night with the biggest culprit be british expat try to prove how brilliant they be   but , apart from that it be a good place to unwind . in summary   the wharney be an excellent place to stay in hk   great location , good price , friendly and attentive staff   what more do you want

stay     night     days

the rooms be pretty big , the service be amazing . smooth check in and chechk out . the hotel be really close to mtr wanchai station . there 's plenty of food choice just around the corner and there 's a   on the corner . the breakfast be really good , with some local food , but a little bit expensive for us usd   per person . the staff be great

good service , porter run to take our bag when we arrive at the lobby . always ask after us everyday we see him . some guest complain that staff be unfriendly , but we never find that , but its a   thing   if your friendly they 're friendly . one girl not understand english but she promptly ask her colleague to serve us who do

the whole aura of the hotel be classy , the rooms be comfortable and of average size . the staff member be very friendly and helpful . the location of the hotel be about two block away from the wanchai mtr . my biggest problem be the club and pub that be immediately adjacent and across from the hotel . it seem a bit odd to be walk by sleazy woman who work hard to lure man into curtain cover doorways . and right next to a street full of what seem like brothel be this beautiful hotel . so i guess if you do n't mind that which man seem to enjoy greatly   the wgd be an absolutely great hotel i think for one or two traveller

stay here with a group during the   hong kong   great position   in the heart of all the action . you would not want to be anywhere else . lift be slow , as be the toaster at breakfast . rooms be quite comfortable and larger than i have stay in elsewhere in hong kong   albeit mine smell a big of fish

i spend three night here during a business trip in early june . not a very positive experience . the location may be centrally locate for business but the hotel be locate in a bit of a red light district and for a woman travel alone as i be , it be kindof creepy being out after dark . the first room i be give be one of the most depress hotel rooms i have ever see   it look as though it have not be touch since the late   all but three floor permit smoking so the smell of tobacco permeate everything , and finally make me a bit ill . i request and get a new room on a non smoking floor which be much cleaner and seem to have be recently renovated . the outdoor pool be in an adjacent building and the pool deck have about   chair , meaning everyone else sit on hard , hot concrete . the staff do their best with english but most have limited english skill and so nteractions be quite challenging . you can find a much better value and location in hong kong than this

the wharney be a very good choice for a hotel below    

  of us stay in hk       july   we be there for the asia trophy . the staff be very efficient , enthusiastic , helpful and all speak good english . it 's true the rooms be n't huge by florida standard but i have have smaller rooms in ny at more cost

excellent location     shop , maccas , coffee shop with free internet and starbucks , tramline , terrific bars , cheap and expensive place to eat and underground train station all within a   minute walk . a   to   minute walk will get you to some great market lots of street stalls or to the harbour where you can catch the star ferry to kolwoon . our buffet breakfast be include in our price , be a good feed to get us go in the morning . the room be average , but this be expect for what we be pay , but it have all we need and have nothing wrong with it . check in and out quickly . have to wait a couple minutes usually for the lift , but that certainly do n't bother us . overall , good value

we stay at the wharney guangdong last june   our room . be moderate in size , very clean and orderly . the bathroom be also clean . the hotel be accessible to public transport    mtr , bus , ferry , tram . there be also many restaurant around the area . it be true that it be locate in a     red light district    but you wont feel harass in the area and it be actually quite safe to walk to the hotel even at night . i book this hotel through a website and find it to be good value for money . if you be travel to hong kong for vacation , this hotel be walk distance to the bus stop to ocean park , to the peak tram terminus , to pacific place etc

i be bear and bred in hk     this be my first time back there stay in a hotel . i expect a rather cheap but pleasant and clean hotel     the wharney totally exceed my expectation

my partner and i go to hong kong in september   and really enjoy our stay at the wharney . it be excellent value for money and be situate in a great location . yes it 's near the strip club , etc but there be nothing dangerous or disturbing about this . the girl will sit outside the club and try to persuade every single man in for a drink and dance but it only take a polite     no thanks    and they leave you alone

this a good   star hotel , lots of guest be attend the exhibition nearby and probably a lot of package tours also . locate in busy wanchai , in the street of nightclub , filopina girl and a tatoo parlour

stay   night in march hotel be great very clean reception area and the staff at check in be very nice and helpful location be great you be only   minutes from tram and underground system  we be give a upgrade room and room very clean and look very fresh room also larger than i expect i be worry before i arrive at this hotel as some review be not to encourage but for anyone go to this hotel i would say you do not have any problem here and i be very fussy where cleanliness be concern . thank you to all staff at wharney hotel for a pleasant

this hotel be easy to get to   thanks to the courtesy bus from the airport . room be very clean with sky tv , mini bar . location be great for us as it be close to lots of bars and club to enjoy in the evening . near tram   subway route

arrive with my wife and daughter after a long   hours flight from gatwick . have book a non smoking room and be show to a room that be on a smoking floor . it really smell badly of smoke . no problem they move us to a non smoking floor

this hotel be no really describe how it turn out to be , although the location to the mtr be good , the area be right in the middle of the red light district , with many woman on the street and outside the strip club tounting for men . it feel like forever to walk to the mtr since the street be crowd with them leave right and centre   as for the staff , they be very rude and not helpful at all , the sevice be terrible , they just watch as we struggle with baggage , no smile , no hello ! i be really shock at how they be beahving , consider they be suppose to be provide a service we pay for . when we be chekcing out the staff be even worse , they just look really meserable , it feel that unless you be drip with designer wear then they would be friendly ,the only good thing i can say about the hotel be that the room be quite good . but location and staff be dreadful ! ! ! never again ! ! ! ! be really dissapointed , be british chinese , i expect more        

i stay at the wharney hotel in wanchai area of hk last week for   nights . have read a couple of the review here before make my journey to hk , i do n't want to expect big things from this hotel for starter , the name of the hotel do n't make it sound like its a great hotel . we be initially plan to stay at the novotel nearby , but it be fully book so this be a cheaper option we take up , and on the map it 's get really good location so we decide to make a reservation at the wharney

we stay at wharney guangdong hotel from aug  

this be a very disappointing hotel    when you first walk in you be dazzle by the stunning lobby and entrance hall    do not let the massive glass chandelier fool you

we stay at wharney guangdong hotel from   dec . we be give a free upgrade from deluxe to executive rooms due to the hotel be full

i stay at the wharney in may   years in a row . i choose it because the room rate be one of the cheapest i could find on hk island     the location locate centrally at wanchai be an ideal base for shopping     sightseeing . despite the seedy elements of wanchai expat bars     girly show , the area be safe to walk around even at night     nobody hassle you except to politely invite you in to their club bar however , the much classier bars of lan kwai fong , near central     escalators    be way nicer venue . the hotel be well place for restaurant     numerous cuisine be available within a few minutes walk of the hotel . the subway mtr , tram line     bus be only   block away , the free airport bus go straight by the hotel door from hong kong station , a range of bank atm services     convenience store be nearby . the hotel have a range of rooms in   category , standard     superior  i have stay in the superior room on both stay     find it quiet , clean     comfortable , with good amenities     ambience i look at a standard room on my first visit     ask to change as it be old     unpleasant in   . i always ask for a high floor to avoid possible road noise , and both rooms achieve that although the rooms be soundproof , it be hard to screen out some noise , so lower floor may be susceptible to road noise     music from nearby club . the hotel have a pool     gym , which double as a freshen up area for early arrivals late departure to avoid an additional night room charge . the breakfast be fairly simple , but pleasant enough . the public space be fairly old     plain compare to the newer hotel in kowloon     central , but it 's the room that count and at the price     location i could n't fault it . staff all very friendly     knowledgeable , and nothing be a problem

i book this hotel from the cathay pacific holiday brochure . i choose this hotel because it seem to meet all my need , it be on the island , it be close to an mtr subway station and be centrally place for access to all the attraction of hong kong

i recently have two short five day stay at the wharney . i be somewhat concern travel with two teenage child have read some of the previous review regard the â € ˜ girlie bars â € ™ , but these be not an issue . if you be not a punter , they be not interested , although they would always give a polite â € ˜ hello â € ™

our family stay here for one night on a stop over to australia , have get really good deal Â £   per room over the web

well , i book this hotel because it be the cheapest with a swim pool , and i cant complain too much because i get what i expect

i have a couple of hotel to choose from , but then stay at the wharney for a couple of night due to a very reasonable price and excellent transport links . i get pleasantly surprise   what an excellent price for value , clean , and safe place

i have stay at a lot of hotel in hk and on kowloon but now i go back to the wharney which be much cheaper than most hk hotel of comparable standard and probably better than most . some clarification need though because i would n't recommend it for a family stay but for singles , younger couple and especially guy , its pretty hard to beat for value and location . yes , some of the rooms need a refurb but they 're get round to do them and if your not happy with what they give you they 'll normally change without much fuss . breakfast be good , but now there 's a breakfast club next door   floor serve   breakfast so no need to rush down to the hotel restaurant ! i have not patronise the canny man , but with so many good bars in and around the hotel there 's not much point drinking in a downstairs hotel bar when you can sit and watch the world go by in a heap of other bars . hostess club next to the hotel be a bit off put at first but once they realise that you either a 'goer ' or a 'no goer ' they 'll either leave you alone or be your best friend . all pretty harmless really and nothing much to see , unless you like look at curtain

damp sheet , bad air condition , noisy as if you be sit in the middle of a football match , smelly room

perfectly adequate hotel which i get a very reasonable rate with british airways . the staff be fine and the room be ok if a little small . it be well situate five minutes from the mte     close to the convention centre . one word of warning . it be in the redlight district . its perfectly safe but you might get accost return to the hotel in the evening . the hotel be very good value if you be look for a room offering somewhere to rest and sleep and you will spend most of your time tour hong kong

it 's a great place to stay  if you get the right room

a good basic hotel , which need some decorating . but well situate for bus , tram , mtr and   min to ferry . buffet breakfast have good selection of european and asian food . plenty of reasonable restaurant in area . the swim pool and spa be outside on rooftop and close in winter   i be not tell when booking . access to airport be good . minibus meet the trains . but book your return minibus early as traffic be often heavy

we have just get back from   night at the wharney , and leave satisfy that we get what we come for . as describe in other review , the rooms be n't huge , and could certainly do with an update . however , they be clean and look like most other hotel rooms the world over

