when i visit hk regardless business or leisure , i usually stay at the marriott , but know from my friend in hk that this boutique hotel have open and it 's the same location , think to give a try   

my wife and i have just return from   night in an upper suite at the upper house hotel

the upper house hong kong , manage by swire hotel group be a design driven luxury boutique hotel which only recently open and thus still brand new . tip to be the new landmark mandarin with a view and larger rooms , i be eager to see if it live up to all the hype . also , the special promo rate stay   night , get   night free the hotel be have also entice me to try

it have everything . location , great staff     the most comfortable beds . the french toast at breakfast be out of this world

well , i simply love it    the meet     greet and electronic check in and check out be superb . the host do spend a lot of time explain how things work in the room often forget how savvy some of us be in this day and age   but apart from that . , the rooms and the oversized but beautiful bathroom be zen like and incredibly relax     i love the espresso maker and the 'maxi ' bar . this hotel be make with the accent on the rooms   the interior , less on other facilities . the gym although high tech lack a shower   only one restaurant and i agree with someone here   overprice breakfast . in other words   this be a hotel which arguably give you the nicest , most spacious and high tech room anywhere in hk    not forget to bring your ipod

massive suite ,   foot , gorgeous bathtub and lots of neat freebie play cards , minbar , carry bag , etc etc . restaurant be overprice for breakfast , but look and feel good otherwise . gym be small but very high tech . you ca n't beat the location in pacific place . only surprising thing be , it lakcs the complete funkiness of opposite ouse bj   becuase they use an exist apartment on renovation

one of the most comfortable rooms i have experience in the last few years . attention to detail . all the cosy comforts . and ren bathroom amenities . wow . then there be the view from the shower and bath tub . amazing    with great sculpture and art

the rooms be unbelievably huge , start at over   square foot , gorgeously decorate in a modern style by a hot hk designer and abslutely pristine , give that the hotel have only be open for   week

the upper house be not a hotel , it be a home away from home . design by world famous andre fu to be a place of residential calmness the upper house have certainly do it 's job . the upper house be describe as an upward journey beggining at the ground floor where guest descend on escalator and up a lift to the   floor where the restaurant and lounge is . with few facility and just one world class restaurant and bar , the upper house be a discreet hideaway for movie star and famous chef alike visit hong kong want to get away from the crowd . also the hotel which start at the   floor give guest a great view of either the harbour or the lush greenery on the mountain to the rear

recently open , the upper house in hong kong can definitely be classify as your home away from home , especially as it offer many creature comforts and tech goody

exceptional staff

