my normal choice for business trip to hk , the novotel be book up and be recommend charterhouse as an alternative

we stay at charterhouse for   night on our journey to hong kong . the location be fantastic . on hong kong island , between wanchai   minutes walk and causewaybay   minutes walk metro stations . rooms be very clean , the bathroom also . furniture it 's english style . stuff extremly nice and helpful . definitely recommend this hotel for it 's great value

the hotel be ok . i have be to h k   times and this be the worst hotel i have stay in there . that â € ™ s not to say it be too bad just there be better for little more money

i stay at the charterhouse in late feb   i really enjoy my stay great location clean rooms and i have a great view on the south side the staff be helpfull . i have stay here twice in the last year and would go back next time

stay at the chaterhouse for   night   december   to   january   a great little budget hotel in a great location . ideally situate within   minutes walk distance to the harbour ,   minutes to times square , convenient for bus , tram     mtr station . the hotel bedroom be small but clean and the bed be very clean and comfortable . we find the hotel staff to be very courteous and helpful . they serve a great breakfast which be include in the price . harry 's bar in the basement of the hotel be a great place to start the night and the food there be quite good too

we know this be a three star , and be not expect too much . however , the rooms be grubby , in need of a good clean and a paint job . the service from the front desk be non existent   although i need to mention that the concierge who book our sight see trip be very polite and efficient . there be a conference on when we be there and we be not allow to use the breakfast room which be lovely   instead we be send to the basement which be dire ! never mind   we have an amazing time in hong kong as we only use the hotel to sleep in ! i have since be tell the hotel be get refurbish bit by bit so maybe in the future it will be ok

the charterhouse hotel be select by local colleagues . it be in a perfect , albeit busy location . the rooms be small , but very well appointed . the service be excellent , breakfast buffet exceed expectation , and the champ bar be great for a quick bite to eat . the fitness room be quite small , but be only there for a short stay and on business , so it really do n't matter

i have stay at this hotel around six times now and have always have an enjoyable time . it be not slap bang in the middle of the bars drinking area area which be a good thing and the rooms be comfortable if a little on the small side . harry 's bar be a good place to start the evening , they show all the big football game in the premiership on their big screens the food in the bar be not bad either

i be surprise by some of the negative review for this hotel . the only down side we could find be the location   wanchai be convenient , but somewhat noisy and crowd although that be perhaps the point of hong kong ! . as for the hotel itself , neither we nor the friend we be travel with have any complaints . our room   floor be the size you would expect from a budget hotel and have wooden built in furniture   wardrobe , desk , credenza . it be immaculate , with fresh towel and bed linen every day . we have no problem with street noise . harry 's bar seem to be about as close as you can get in hong kong to an english pub . the dining room 's 'dining with an experience ' buffet breakfast and dinner be so good that we soon stop bother to look for other place to eat . helpful english speaking staff . a very nice hotel , popular with brits and australian in particular at least while we be there

i stay in this hotel only one night i need a visa for china . the quality of the rooms be ok , but the in house     massage salon    call me three times if i don ' t want to come down . probably they see that i be a single male traveller

i could say that this be the lousiest hotel that i have stay at . the worse thing be they do n't even provide toothbrush . all the other hotel that i stay in provide toothbrush as the most basic item in the bathroom . the bed be hard and the blanket be uncomfortable . i ask for a non smoking room and be give a smoking room . thankfully , there be no vomit smell like others mention

i have stay here a number of times , and checking the website , the rooms look like they have be updated . sadly this be not so . i be upgrade to a deluxe room , but it look the same as the standard rooms i have stay in previously . the bath and toilet be very old my toilet need fix as it would n't flush , which they fix promptly

we have just return from a week trip from hong kong . the location of the hotel be fantastic but it have leave me a literal marks on my lower legs due to bed bug bites . towel be good for cleaning the table , we be give worn out towel and with a stinky smell     never book in this hotel even if the location be good . will never recommend this hotel to anyone

my first time in this hotel but not in hk , book the s floor . first impression be stunning , the design be very modern and up to date . the s signature studio be a compact very usefull room for traveler like me and my wife . rainshower massage bath , the   ' lcd tv , broadband connection , and the dvd player make us spoil for the   night we stay in this hotel . we feel like in some techy euro small hotel

my stay at   charterhouse hotel be locate in wanchai area   this be the middle part of hongkong island between causeway bay area and central . the rooms be not big but the price be just right   the location be very convinient to travellers    it be within   min leaisurely walk to hk convention center   you wo n't get bore while walk because the area have lots of store to window shopped    if you take the tram it will cost hk     from the east to west side of the hk island    it be near times square   min walk which be the area for the young and old   lot 's of name brand store and if you walk nearby there 's what they call an alley   for cheapper clothing , bag and stockings   and i ca n't forget this place the crystal jade resto which make shiao long bao    shanghainese steam dumpling very  very delicious the resto be locate on the   flr of the bldg . you can see this resto it be locate just across the tram wanchai stopped   sorry i am not fond of take pictures   hongkong be a shopper paradise    and lot 's of tourist attraction    must see area be the peak   you take the tram at the central area    and when you be inside the tram you can see the stiffnest of the tram in go up   and the view deck at the peak be heavenly go at night to have a good view of hk by night with all the bldgs lighted   upon reach the airport in hk their tourist board packet contain evrything a traveller would like to know and a map of the whole island be on hand ! i love hongkong this be my   stay at this hotel  

i be very impress with the cleanliness of the hotel and the location be just perfect . stafft at front desk and housekeep be very attentive and definitely i would fully recommend all who be look for a good budget hotel

we stay at the charterhouse hotel in wan chai at the end of nov early dec . small hotel in a convenient location within easy walk distance of times square and with a seven eleven convenience store on the corner . fairly small rooms , but this maybe typical for this part of the world . clean and adequately furnished . good mid range choice . good buffet breakfast and modern sport bar . efficient staff . would recommend a visit to the penninsular hotel for afternoon tea in sheer opulence

i read review on this site and choose charterhouse due to it 's central location , i be not disappoint with that but other niggles be , i book   rooms , mine be ok , as suggest small but functional , i have to ask for the blanket on my bed to be change , it do n't look clean , that be do , fine

we stay at the charterhouse hotel for a week during christmas   on their signature floor   our s room be large , clean , nicely style and perfectly adequate for our week stay . the shower and toilet be very funky ! the s floor be on the   floor , so you can hear street noise , but in general we do n't find this a problem

stay at the charterhouse for one night just before christmas . have be to hk before so the focus be on eat and shopping this time

we recently spend four night at the charterhouse . it be book as part of a package so i really have no say in the selection of the hotel and i ca n't comment on the price . i have check out the review before we leave and my experience tend to back up what most people be say

i reccommend this hotel to anyone who want to stay in hong kong at a budget . the charterhouse be an older hotel , but it be conveniently locate in wan chai and nearby causeway bay . anyone pay under     us for a room in hong kong will get this type of hotel no matter where you book

during the time of our stay there be some convention go on in hong kong so we do n't have many choices . when make the reservation we request a high floor , nonsmoking , king bed room . they give us a   floor , smoking room with   twin beds . they would n't change our room and say that they have nothing else available during all   night of our stay . how can that be ? ! next , the bathroom be probably the most disgust i have stay at . there be mold mildew within every   inch of the grout , there be nail drive into the wall above the toilet paper dispenser ,     there be a hole right above the toilet paper dispenser that someone have stuff toilet paper in . the sheet be really thin from be old     lots of washing and i could feel the rough , itchy blanket through the bed sheet on my legs . almost insignificantly compare to everything else , the light be very dim but if it be brighter you might see more of how old this place is . location be ok . not right next to the mtr . if you want a better location check out the wharney guang dong although it 's on a street that have hooker bars at night but totally not dangerous

not the most modern or luxurious hotel but clean and perfectly adequate . must have be the bee 's knee when it be first opened . good location for walk to times square   min . bus stop outside . rooms not huge but they have get everything you need . excellent buffet breakfast Â £   . polite helpful staff . great as a stopover hotel but if stay longer than   night i personally would prefer a hotel with a swim pool as after a marathon shop etc it 's good to be able to chill by a pool to re charge the battery to cope with hong kong 's hectic pace . most taxi driver seem to know where it be

we be book into this hotel 'superior room ' by our tour comapny  arrive here late eveing , give room on   floor which we reject both because of size and cleanliness , wall be filthy , bathroom also , hair in bath plug , actually we not have a plug , but they bring one to us . no bedspread on bed , only stain blankets  linen although clean have see better days , grey and with holes . no where to put luggage , escept on the very stain dirty carpet

this hotel be in a good location for hong kong island , central etc , lots of bars be close by , and the mtr , the rooms be a bit small , but fine for a lone traveller , clean , tidy , and good value

we stay here in march this year and it be a really good value for money hotel

i be put in a room on one of the upper floors . when the lift door open i be present with a corridor carpet with wooden boards and protective cardboard tape to the walls . worse still the smoke detector on the ceiling be tape up see photo   i can only assume they do not want the dust from the building work to set the alarm off ! i request another room , but as i have check in around midnight and the hotel be full they could not do this

i stay here for   days on mostly business , so upgrade to the signature floor due to size of the rooms

for the price this place charge , what you get certainly do not match expectations . the photo on the website make it look decent but upon arrive , i find a really small room even for hk     but the worse part of it be a very lumpy and non supportive mattress . the bathroom fixture be old and very worn look and the carpet in both the hallway and room be in dire need of replacement

stay here as part of the far east experience with travelscope . very very compact , tired bedroom and bathroom , but clean and fully functional rooms ,   tiny bed and very interesting light and tv operation on bed head a blast from the british   's past . everything be ok and i therefore give an overall   as the location win it for me and my husband . it be easy to walk down to the tram , very central and real hong kong , eat in some really interesting cafe just around the corner , do not know what we be eat , but you have to try things once hey ! outside hotel , bustle and busy street , loads of bus , a laundry across road , do all the   days previous wash for a snip , much cheaper than hotel . no negative , apart from small rooms , no view , but hey we be in hong kong to explore , not sleep , and space be an issue there . fine fine fine

stay at the charterhouse for two night

  night stay at the charterhouse . good location just off the main johnston road in wan chai with easy access to the mtr station

we stay at the charterhouse for   night during april , and our experience be not as pleasant as other recent reviews . our room do not resemble those show on the hotel website   the interior be in need of a revamp , with old carpet and soft furnishing as well as mark walls . there be also a hole in our bathroom wall . the bathroom could also have be cleaner . however , the air condition be in work order . due to the renovation take place in the building , there be construction noise outside the state hours ie before   . there be also construction work take place in the building next door to the hotel . note that access to the gym need to be make via the fire stairs , which be also be use by the construction workman and there be a fair amount of dust debris in this area . the gym equipment be fairly old , but still usable . note that there be no gym attendant and the gym be in a rather seclude part of the building . overall , there be better accommodation option in this area price range

stay for   days in the charterhouse and find it to be great value and handy for most place

we just return from   wonderful days in hong kong . the excellent location of the charterhouse be of great value for us . only a couple of minutes from the mtr , a few block from the star ferry , close to several shopping mall , and a great variety of restaurant nearby

the charterhouse be a reasonable size and present hotel in a good location on hk island . strictly speak it 's in the wan chai area , but it 's so close to causeway bay that i find it to be a very useful location , reasonably equidistant between two mtr stop wan chai and causeway bay on the island line . however , it be still a fair walk   min to either , so if you have get heavy bag , you be advise to get a taxi or shuttle direct to the hotel , which be locate towards the end of wanchai rd to the east

me and my boyfriend stay at the charterhouse for   night and we have a brilliant time . we contact them via e mail and they offer us a really cheap rate , cheaper than even   star hotel in the same area , they be completely adaptable as we change our itinerary four times and they also organize bus transport from the airport straight to their hotel

this hotel have its good and bad sides . i stay there for   night with my   colleague , so we all form about the same opinions . breakfast be great . room service be very good and very helpful and polite staff of room service . however , the rooms be very small and the bed be too short for non chinese people . there be no promise internet access in the room . that be , there be a connection but it require different cable than we have and we be not allow to use it they offer us to use business room internet for hkd   , which be quite unfair . then , the biggest problem some of us have be their reservation of big sum from our debit and credit cards without any warning . when we arrive to the hotel , we be ask to provide our cards     just in case you use the minibar , etc     . by the way , all   minibar be empty . we discover afterwards that they reserve     authorised    in their terminology hkd   on the debit cards without even inform us . we have to ask a few times until the problem be solve and the withhold money return to the cards . as a result we could not use these sum in hk . we think it completely unfair . then , when we book a trip to mainland china through the hotel , they take money hkd   twice from my credit card . i still do not get it returned . so , enjoy your stay in the hotel but be careful when let them use your credit cards

i have stay here on business three different times over the past year , for a total of about   days

stay at this hotel with my wife for three night during mid october   the location be superb with all the usual tourist attraction within easy walk distance . do not expect luxury at this hotel but it provide clean , honest value for money accomodation . the staff be very helpful and on hand at all times of the day . use the concierge knowledge and experience to get you out and about

