i love this hotel . the design be fun and different . the staff be really friendly and their english be pretty good . the security at the hotel seem good . you have to swipe your key card in order to use the elevator . the location be really good . it be within walk distance to the tsim sha tsui mtr station , the museum of history , the waterfront , the museum of art , the market , etc . even though it be in a busy area , it be very quiet in the room . the food in the hotel be good . i go to breakfast at their restaurant aspasia each morning . the breakfast selection be really good . the food be amazing . i order room service once . it be very good . the staff be friendly . they even bring a little dessert to the room each evening . i think that be a nice touch . i have a deal where i get free internet but i do n't bring my laptop and find out that the offer do n't extend to the internet in the business center . this be n't a big deal as the internet be n't very expensive . i do n't look at the pool not sure they have one or the gym so i ca n't comment on those but all in all i would definitely recommend this hotel . i would stay there again in a heartbeat

we stay here in may   and we pick it for the good deal be offer and its

i would definitely return to the luxe manor . great design and friendly service in a very central location . tons of restaurant and shop in the immediate vicinity

all look good when you step into the luxe manor hotel   think alice in wonderland meet over the top french designer . as a first impression , love it . but then it start go down hill . finish on most item cheap and poor , room too small and impractical to have an extend stay in . air con throughout the hotel set at   degree should be at least   +     we constantly turn down the aircon in the room . not a comfortable room really to spend any time in we have all stay in small rooms before , especially in hk , but it be the way you use the space . as for breakfast   what can i say . cafeteria food . would have to be the most unimpressive breakfast i have ever seen . for the price you pay , i expect quality not quantity . in this case it be neither . the breakfast make me decide to miss breakfast the next day and not try the restaurant . staff at front desk never greet us once when we enter or leave the hotel there be sometime   staff behind the desk . over all poor value for money , leave us with a poor feeling for the hotel

  night stay here and it be a perfect hotel offer exactly what we needed . the vibe of the hotel be refreshingly modern and very funky , rooms be clean and spacious     exactly what we need at the end of the day ! central location , delicious breakfast , helpful and friendly staff . dado bar be very cool for delish cocktails . would thoroughly recommend this to anyone , and would definitely stay here again if i return to hk

my   time to hk and the   and best hotel i have stay in so far . from the moment i step into the room i think     w o w    . huge comfy bed with soft fluffy pillows . interesting decor choices . nice personal touch with a complimentary bottle of wine on my birthday my second day of stay complete with a birthday card . the hotel have already make a huge positive impression on me ! the hotel staff be helpful and bonus point   they speak good english . right behind the hotel up a slope be a stretch with nice wine and dine place and best of all , shopping and food be all within reach in a matter of minutes . personal tip   yummilicious hot pot     xiao fei yang    just around the corner . room size be definitely bigger than your average   star hk hotels   or all previous hotel i 'd stay in . mtr be about   walk away and right at the hotel 's entrance be the airport shuttle bus stop to kowloon station where you can transit to the train shuttle to airport . all in all   i love it . this hotel have definitely liven up much of my trip this time round .

we stay in this hotel in kowloon for   nights . it 's a new boutique salvador dali inspire hotel , so if you like his funky style , go for it !

i take advantage of the stay three pay two deal that others have talk about here . with this deal , i think you would be hard press to beat this hotel . our room be quiet , ample and clean . they also offer free internet which be a plus . my complaint about this hotel be fairly minor . it be overdesigned   a little too boutique y , if you will . others have complain about the breakfast situation . it be a bit of a cattle call and we do end up sharing a table with some folks . not a big deal to me but i do n't think this be a rare happening . they also go in for the aromatherapy here so there be a distinct smell to all the public area of this place include the restaurant . it 's not a bad smell but it 's a smell . i would stay here again but only if it be a deal

it 's a breath of fresh air from the rest of the   * hotel chains . this boutique hotel have its own unique chram and character . the exterior be a vast difference from the interior . outside seem to be an imperial palace but once you 're through the main door , it 's a completely different world . you 're greet by an eclectic mix of modern chic and faux victorian class

i choose this hotel because of the location   which be ideal for me   for the     boutique    moniker and for the price . i am glad i did . i pay   room only , which give very good value in what be a funky , ironically over designed little hotel . the design be memorable and i love my room   if you look closely it seem they have not go to maximum expense , but they have use maximum creativity . and let 's not forget the price

they have bus service from the train station which be the only good thing about it i guess

we stay   night at the luxe and have a really enjoyable holiday in hong kong . we opt for a bigger room and we be glad that we did . the location be fantastic , great food excellent buffet breakfast , and the service be the thing that really set the luxe apart from the rest . we appreciate the free internet , and free local phone call and shuttle bus . the staff be friendly and helpful and have good advice and suggestion for shopping and tourist attractions . we love the funky decor , and evening turndown service with a chocolate . all this contribute to a great holiday in hong kong

i have a memorable stay in the luxe manor . the hotel room be very special and atmosphere be very nice as wel . i love the location , which be locate exactly in the city center . the concierge fo team be very professional and helpful . they give me extra information about everything , include some entertainment , quite reliable , well do

never try a boutique hotel before so we decide to try this one . first impression be that the indoor design and decor be more artsy rather than luxury . the room be a good size and be just roomy enough , although i admit i have an upgrade to the premier class . the room be nice and new , cater to a fantasy design but not that lavish as the room design be more paint art than real . it satisfy me to my need although if this be a   star hotel as it claim , i be expect more . internet be free but cable tv have little free selection . the lobby could use more lounge chair for people wait and the aircon here should be a little colder

stay for three night on a promotional offer of three night for the price of two in a deluxe room . the decor of the rooms be certainly interesting . bed be very firm but comfortable . bathroom be luxurious looking . the location be excellent with the mtr station just around the corner . the only thing be , it be in a street full of tailor , and they be constantly tout outside their shop which be very annoy after three days

i be stay at the luxe manor from   august . hotel offer great deal buy   get   free , price be resonliable location be good in tsim sha tsui , kowloon . not far from the kowloon station be easy only   away . hotel be very nice room be ok . i like to tell their service be special . i travel with my boy friend for holiday . special be their assistant manager   angela . this be my first time in my life i experience , the staff can assign a non smoking for us . then my boy friend ask that can we smoke into the room , the manager say can not . but the assistant manager say to my boy friendif he like to smoke anytime he can call her anytime for smoking somewhere out of the hotel . at that moment , i be feel strange and angry . why the hotel could offer that kind of service for the customer . i not why she could offer that service for us , during i be here just next to my boy friend . anyway so far the hotel be good other part of service be also good . but next time if anyone who stay in this hotel , please make sure to look after your other half

stay at the lux manor for   night when spending my weekend there for some shopping and meeting a long time friend

as i travel to hk for my business trip , i select luxe manor from internet site . it be ever first that i select this hotel but now i feel it will become my chioce number one during my next visit to hk

there be   of us in our party , with   different rooms

stay   night at this wonderful funky hotel . hotel staff be friendly and helpful , i arrive early in the morning and be able to get access to my room at about   am . conveniently locate with a short work to the mtr and shop

my sister and i decide to stay in the hotel because we have read the rave review about this place prior to go to hk . however the luxe manor be a great letdown and i must say that our holiday be mar by the terrible hotel experience we had . we stay for   night , and switch rooms   times

i stay at the luxe manor hotel for   night from june   ,   to july   ,   and i think it be a great hotel . the hotel be locate at the heart of the city on the kowloon side of hong kong and be about a   minute walk to the train station . there be many many food option in the area and also a few   and a grocery store . the hotel itself be very unique in that it be a boutique theme hotel and the lobby be very welcoming . although the signage outside the hotel be not very visible , there be usually a staff member stand outside welcome you in . the staff member be all very helpful , especially their assistant manager , angela mak . she be aware that my laptop be break during my time at the hotel , and she follow up with a phone call near the end of my stay to ask about my laptop situation

we book a single night for a weekend getaway in hong kong . we both love the eclectic decor . the room be spacious for hk , and very well appointed . the location be right in the heart of tsim sha tsui , a conventient location for shopping and urban exploration

you feel att home , the decoration be nice , the service be really good . you will feel good in this beautiful and clean boutique hotel ! !

this be a very beautiful , small hotel indeed . the furnishing , the decor , the choice of colours , the use of imagination and the choice of theme etc just fall into place to make it one of the most memorable , hip hotel in this part if hong kong . i especially like the manager 's armchair at the lobby , one arm with a dog etch lie low , and the other arm with the dig stand at attention as if for his master to return home . so quirky , yet so beautiful and lovable

we pick the hotel after read review on tripadvisor . the hotel turn out to be very nice . the staff be friendly and helpful . we stay there for   nights . the room be comfortable and even though we arrive early , they help us check in . one of the days , my mom be unwell and we want to have a doctor on call if necessary . the hotel be quick with their response and say they 'd call a doctor as soon as we let them know

the luxe manor be in kowloon   easily access via a free shuttle bus from kowloon station on the airport line . it 's in the middle of a very , very busy shopping and eat district and about a ten minute walk away from the local ferry terminal ferry onward to hong kong island . the hotel itself be great . the decor have to be see to be believe   outlandish do n't begin to do it justice   the bar be a little pricey , but then , most bars seem to be in hong kong . we find it a great base for dine and sight see

we stay at the luxe manor and find the rooms to be very clean and decorate in a very unique style different to the usual   *   * hotel

this hotel be in a great location , just off nathan road and knutsford terrace be just around the corner , so you 're in the thick of things , but it 's quiet ! the hotel itself be lovely   our room be very uniquely decorate in a good way ! but it be a little on the small side , though maybe that 's how it be in hong kong . we particularly appreciate wifi in our room and the little guide book to hong kong to help you get the most out of your stay . the service be great as well   we love the turn down service with little home bake treat each night . the staff be dress to impress and the service be slick . great hotel

breakfast be nice,deco be trendy,this hotel provide complimentary internet service,coffee machine,but air conditioner be not work properly very very hot ,staffs come here to repair very fast  the housekeep clean the place very well professional and charming assistant manager angela mak welciome me to stay back in this hotel , keep contact with my secretary,thank you for their tender and take care of me,i think their training department do great job to train their staff

stay at the inter or grand hyatt be great on a company slush fund but if you be spend your own money and want a comfortable clean room with a great staff in a great location this be your spot . the only thing miss be a real gym , pool etc . associate with more resort type of properties . this be my hotel of choice while travel and will be return again    and again

i stay at this hotel in hong kong twice during the past month and find it very enjoyable . although the rooms be small and the decoration funky , the service be excellent , and the location in kowloon could n't be better . i happen to check in for the first two day visit on the afternoon of my birthday and , within one hour , have receive a complimentary bottle of wine with a congratulatory note sign by edmond cheng , the rooms division manager   linus yuen , the assistant front office manager   and angela mak , the assistant manager . in my opinion , such courtesy mark the difference between an ordinary hotel and one that is  at least in several respects  an exceptional one . when i return to hong kong three week later and arrive at the luxe manor hotel , numerous employee welcome me back and state they be happy to see me again . these be small gesture but , naturally , indicate how well trained be the staff . linus yuen go out of his way to make me feel comfortable at the hotel , as do the beautiful angela mak  and when i finally leave the hotel the second time , miss mak and a young man name michael who be also on the office staff , stand outside the front entrance to wave goodbye as my taxi pull away from the curb . what traveler would n't be happy to revisit such a hotel in the future ? incidentally ,     aspasia,    the italian restaurant within the hotel be wonderful , although extremely expensive . one should have dinner there at least once while in hong kong , but save the experience for a special occasion

place be central of hk bars and pub nearby,shopping zones,sight see , convenience for

from the moment you arrive at     the luxe manor    until your stay be complete the professionalism     service from the staff be at the highest standard . the room decor be fantastic , bathroom     shower be of excellent size , free wifi and to top it off the hotel offer an inclusive buffet breakfast which include fresh salmon     italian cure meat

my hubby and i stay at the luxe manor from   to   may   on a holiday trip . i 'd book my stay online after much research . we be frequent traveller and usually stay in   * major chain hotel but decide to try something different as i be lure by the surreal design of this boutique hotel

the hotel be pretty nice just like assistant manager  angela . people work in it be perfectly smart and and great . the rooms be unique and elegant . great place to stay indeed

i do stay in the safari suite over the w e and enjoy the special ambience and cosy atmosphere very much , this hotel provide an excellent service , great hospitality,def a hotel i will recomend to friend and business partner a must see when u travel to hk i will come back again

i always stay at the luxe manor when i travel to hong kong . i love the location , and the hotel be quite charming

i have just be back from my   night holiday in hong kong . i have be stay in many hotel in hong kong and luxe manor be one of my favourites . the hotel be new , clean with very friendly staff and perfect location . the reception upgrade our room from a premier to a studio room and also offer us a complimentary late check out until   pm . my only two complaint

we get a great weekend deal in this really special     designer    hotel on kimberley road in the heart of kowloon . it be refurbish and re named in   the lobby be gorgeously mosaiced and the staff   all youthful   be amazingly smart and helpful   give the impression of real commitment to the business and more importantly to the guest that business serve

amazing rooms,different than an other hotel ive stay in looks like a   c french brothel or something   really cool   small rooms good breakfast,,,good location for

conveniently locate in tst , about   min away from mtr station

i stay   night in this exceptional boutique hotel in kowloon , good location close to nathan road and a short walk to victoria harbourfront , good connection to the airport express train the free shuttle bus   from kowloon station stop just in front of the hotel . very trendy,unique property , nice and helpful staff and fabulous atmosphere

the hotel have a interesting decoration stile,everything be special and nice

when walk into the luxe manor you know right away it be a different hotel very cute and funky with the funky furniture and lamp and wall in the lobby my sister and i could not wait to see our rooms . we arrive at about   and be pleasantly surprise they have a room for us . when we get there it be a tad on the small side however it be so damn cute and funky we do n't mind ! we be there to shop after all and not to stay in the hotel . however the funkiness be a plus . all the usual amenities be available however there be   hour   in the street as well as a grocery store so no big deal really everything u need be available

we have a   day stop over in hong kong on the way home from bali . we be pick up in a car that be incredibly hard to find   they do n't wait for you with a sign

the luxe manor be the perfect place for hongkong visitor who do n't want to stay in one of the big , generic hotels . very good service , very nice atmosphere and   most important   right in the middle of everything without be noisy . the rooms be not too big but nice and very clean . the subway be   minutes . star ferry   minutes . restaurant and bars just around the corner . breakfast be fine , not asian but good value and include in the rate . we love our stay and will be back ! all in all very good value for the price . and   spend the money and use the limousine service from the airport ! ! ! that be special

we love the luxe manor , it be such a fun quirky hotel , the rooms aren â € ™ t massive but big enough , and our room be spotlessly clean . we like the small touch like free internet access if you have your own laptop etc , the chocolate at turn down , the free bottled water , the welcome beer or cocktail . the staff be friendly and helpful , the location be very good a short walk to the harbour , or to one of the many shopping area , or mtr , so very handy to everything . the only negative we have be the breakfast it be not the best with so much choice of fab food around i would suggest go out for breakfast . we would definitely recommend this hotel if you fancy something different from the normal larger   * hotel chains

possibly the best validation of the high marks i have see write about the luxe manor by previous client on tripadvisor com , be the praise of my boutique hotel weary wife

exellent location , only few steps away from nathan road . tsim tsa tsui metro station be about   m . but there be no view at all   although our room be premier it be tiny with a tiny double bed . we change room to twin bed which be bigger . our room be at   floor and the noise be unbearable at the night . hotel and rooms be stylish and different . cable internet connection s   hkd per night

i visit hong kong   or   times a year for business     normally stay over at the hyatt , but decide to try the luxe manor after hearing some good things about the hotel

great hotel  great staff  fab rooms

a great little hotel locate about   min walk from tst mrt station . i love the kitsch dog lamp and big bureau housing the mini bar ! the rooms be a little small , but be fine and make the most of the space with a flat screen tv and shower rooms without baths . the shower be excellent after a day wander around in the heat of hong kong

the easiest way to the hotel from the airport would be to take the free shuttle from kowloon station . unfortunately this shuttle be infrequent and do n't run during late hours , so we take a taxi which whisk us there within   minutes

the room be a bit cramp for   people with   suitcase , but the whimsical design more than make up for it . there be a mixture of loud colors with unique furnish , but everything works to give the room a 'dali ' feel . the tv be mount in a frame on the wall above a fake fireplace

my boyfriend and i spend new years in hong kong and book   night at the luxe . i have read good review on the tripadvisor website so be keen to see if it would meet my expectation

stay here for   night on a stopover as we fancy something different to your usual large hotel

the hotel be nice , new and very modern . i be impress with the interior and the look of the hotel

i stay at the luxe manor for two night in august . the hotel be very centrally locate in kowloon just a few metre off nathan rd and within five minutes walk from canton road and all the other attraction in kowloon . kimberley rd itself be safe and clean

this be not my first time at the the luxe manor , and i have stay in many hk hotel , so i can say that tlm be one of the best value for       hotel

i think i may have just find my favourite boutique city hotel in asia ! every bit of the luxe manor be nothing short of stunning from start to finish . from the dramatic entrance , to the dream like lobby , to the guest room that will make your jaw drop    this place be a designer 's dream come true although i suspect the designer might have be on something when they be design this place , but the result be fantastic

this hotel be about as far from a quality boutique hotel as you can get . you arrive and it all look ok and then you meet the staff . unfortunately , they think they own the place . a blank stare greets you . i do n't know about you but i am ready to slap any front of house staff that take that tone . do n't arrive early because you will be promptly tell to go for a walk until a room be available . ok i understand that the rooms may not be available when you arrive at around   noon but normally you 're politely ask to take a seat and relax until the room be ready . why do these new boutique hotel always allow photo shoot to happen in their lobby when pay guest be arrive and would like to use the seat provided . the film crew have take over the whole lobby and there be no where to sit . the rooms have nothing to do with s .dali . he would roll over and die again if he know his name be attach to this place . dali 's art be clever and resolved . the room we stay in be silly and have be decorate by a uni student who like the idea of create some crazy . the restaurant operator be obviously not attach to the hotel . the breakfast be quite good . yes the muesli be excellent . they should clean the domestic espresso machine though because the coffee become incredibly bitter if they be not pull apart and wash thoroughly often . i have get the same one at home and if do n't do this the coffee be terrible which be the case at the luxe . stick to the english tea . we book for   night and get the hell out of there after one night

be so impress by this hotel i want to make sure i write a review . after   hours on a plane from europe we arrive before check in only to have the staff try and find us a room early so we could freshen up . outstanding . during our short stay i be constantly surprise by the level of service . adaptor for appliance , no problem . iron board , no problem . reservation and booking , no problem . wonderful . the decor as mention by others be certainly different . not my cup of tea , but appreciate the individuality . not sure what other reviewer be say about the room size . i book a premier room second smallest available and it be more than ample . definitely spacious enough for two people . breakfast be also great . lots of healthy selection as well as some hot offering ! great location and for the price i would definitely stay there again . book this hotel . you wo n't be disappoint

my partner and i stay at the luxe manor for   nights . the best thing about it be its location . right smack in kowloon , along kimberly road which be walk distance from mall , small street shop , and restaurants . the service be efficient , but be a bit disappoint when they couldnt really help me when i ask assistance for a birthday cake . the room be clean , decor be funky , but be a wee bit too tiny for us . my partner and i hardly fit in the small soft double bed and our foot be always dangling   mind you , we be not big people . we couldnt even use the bathroom together without bump into each other or without bump into a corner . but it just make us laugh , we have comic moments . the breakfast be very simple , paper napkin , and food that not really require cooking skills  nothing fancy at all . they be also renovate , so the hammer and drill wake us up every morning at   which wasnt too bad  it serve as an alternate alarm clock since the alarm clock they give us in the room wasnt work

my boyfriend and i stay for   night at the luxe manor and it be fantastic . the bus from the airport express stop directly outside and porter be extremely efficient . check in be easy and we be show directly to our room . the rooms look exactly like the picture on the website but start to feel a bit small and clutter once my shopping bag start collecting . the decor be whimsical and amusing and help me remember i be n't on a business trip . although the amenities in this hotel would be great if i be

i love this hotel . this be the hotel which be as beautiful as its photo

on arrival at hong kong airport i take the train to kowloon station and then the shuttle bus from there . very easy

my sister and i stay at the luxe manor in february   she stay for   night and i stay for   before we move to the island . we have be to hong kong every year for about the last   years and nearly always split the trip between kowloon and the island side . we love both side equally so this save a lot of trip back and forwards

this be a wonderful experience in a very busy city . the hotel be almost new . the decor be really out there and not my style , i .e . ultra modern and artistic as decribed on thier web site but immaculate and comfortable . we have a superior room that for hong kong kowloon be a terrific buy at     per night . it include a very nice breakfast and wi fi . location be superb for shopping and sightseeing . we also opt for the hk     limo service that they offer       . it be only about     more than a taxi and they pick us up in a brand new mercedes s class car , load our luggage from the airport to the car and put it in the lobby of the hotel for us to check in . after   hours of fly , it be a welcome experience and well worth the money . we think be be a good enough value that we opt to do the same on the return . there be also a high speed train that be very reasonable , but we have   good size piece of luggage so that be out for us . the hotel be wonderful , the personel be most helpful and speak english very well and the restaurant be top qualitiy , but not a great value . i recommed this hotel

the room be a bit on the small side , as mention in previous review , but fine in comparison to other big cities . we have a superior room and the design be quirky , good bathroom     shower and overall good facility

we have never be to asia before and so do n't know what to expect . the luxe manor hotel be small , friendly , clean , comfortable , and locate in a good spot for tourists . when we arrive we be tell we have be upgrade to a larger room . the bedroom storage be quaint and adequate , the bathroom shower great . i would n't have like to have be in a smaller room though , as there be not a great deal of space as it was . however , we soon get use to it and settle in as you do after the first night ! . breakfast be limited but of high standard and fresh . the staff be all eager to please , and will offer good advice when planning your days activities . there be no bar if you like a nightcap . always the mini bar i suppose

this hotel definitely be a boutique hotel . it 's very similar to hotel i have stay in in paris and london . the price be very reasonable for hong kong . the location be great , and the service so far have be excellent . it 's about   block from the mtr

this hotel be indeed unique in decoration , very excellent in location in between tst and jordan station , and very clean

this hotel be really great     unique style a little bit like versace style , great location for shopping locate directly in kowloon where your credit card start to glow , the rooms be new , very modern and absolutely perfect

the hotel decor be what attract me to this hotel and the fact that they include breakfast in the price

i have just return from a stay at the luxe manor and want to let everyone know what a treat it be to stay at this boutique hotel . the individual touch be apparent and attention to detail be consistent from the unique design , the cleanliness and room service through to all interaction with the staff . it be apparent that the staff be well train and very professional

other comment could be describe correctly i think

luxe manor hotel

great location , love the decor and the little treat each

we stumble across the luxe manor and after reading the positive review decide to give it a try at the expense of the grand hyatt where we would normally stay whilst in hk . we pay for the top room  the deluxe , in order to gain a bit more space and make the trip just that little more special . we check in via the stuffy staff at reception and be take to our room , a   floor of   floor room which overlook the aircon tower and the neighbour building . i contact reception prior to unpack our bag think there must be some sort of mix up      we will try and sort something out sir    be the response . to cut a long stort short , we do not hear from them again until we check out and aside from breakfast which we rate as reasonable the place be lame . there be no deluxe room , just a deluxe pricetag for a room which be no different to the others in the hotel . the service be average , the follow up non existent although the decor be somewhat funky and well done if you want boutique that be do well ie  cote cours hotel then you will sadly be disappoint with this kowloon joke !   out of   and never again

google 'boutique hotel ' in hong kong i come across this gem and happily they have a   night special   the exact length of time i plan to stay . i 'd always hope to stay in one of the new style of modern 'designer ' hotel and think it beyond my reach   but this place be exceptional value . it have awesome decor which admittedly will be very date in   years ' time   but right now , it 's hot ! it be a true sanctuary , superbly locate just a walk from the star ferry  mtr etc . step in off the busy street be such a relief . the staff   from the manager to the cleaners   be without fail polite , helpful and friendly . the rooms be funky , comfortable and spotless . breakfast could be a little better , but that 's about the only thing i could fault   the luxe manor be fantastic and a bargain   i wo n't be stay anywhere else in hong kong that be for sure

take advantage of the hotel promotion     stay   nites   luxe manor . go check out the hotel website if you 're planning to stay there anytime this year . the winter special offer be unbeatable value

in hong kong there be a new style of hotel emerge and the luxe manor be at the top end of the scale ! while light on facility it more then make up with very stylish rooms , great services  staff we that can do attitude and an amazing restaurant   aapasia

be impress with the hotel 's lobby   from the bell adorned huge door to the artsy mosaic floor , the unusual chandelier and surreal sofas . the room decor and furnish be funky , you will not mind the size of the room . flat screen tv frame like a painting be creative and the faux fireplace be so cool . bed linen be of high count to ensure sweet dreams . bathroom design     fixture be modern with clean , fluffy towels . room amenities be complete   wifi internet connection , wireless phone   you ca n't ask more . turn in service ca n't be more pleasing   it include bite size cookie and cake for midnight cravings . the aspasia restausrant be tastefully decorate and the food and service be superb . just behind the hotel be knutsford terrace where you can find a variety of good restaurant and bars . conveniently locate , the kowloon park where you can go swim in the public pool be just a walk distance . so be the the tst mrt station , china ferry terminal , star ferry terminal and the world of shopping . best of all , it be moderately priced . this boutiqe hotel sure provide the best value

