i have be a bit tardy with this review , as it 's be nearly   month since i stay   night at the cityview in april   anyway  

i look for a lot of hotel review and find this one very convenient , very close to the mtr station and it be just renewed    they also upgrade our room and give us a very good view to the city    i be impress of the size of the room    we be talk about hk , and most of the rooms use to be very small , but the one we get be bigger than the one i have in marriott in the dc . i highly recomend this hotel

the lobby manager be very rude to us . our trip be nearly spoil after talk to her . bad bad bad experince  

we stay here for   night at the end of september   be native to hong kong and still have family live there , it have be a long time since i last have to stay in a hotel . although the cityview be no luxury hotel and we stay in one of the rooms which have not be refurbish yet , it be still a very pleasant stay . our large room face towards langham place on a very high floor so the view be great and also it be very quiet . we have request such a room by email before arrive and be please our request have be honoured . the location really can not be beat as you be only   minutes walk from the yaumatei station . be just off nathan road mean you be in the middle of everything and yet on a quiet street . the small launderette opposite the hotel also prove very useful ! there be eatery close by in every direction but if you be look for a quick breakfast i would recommend the bakery next to   who could resist a freshly bake egg tart in the morning ? ! and obviously the shopping district of mongkok be only a stone 's throw away and tsimshatsui be only a few stop on the bus in the other direction . we have no issue to contact reception apart from check in and check out , both occasions we be treat with courtesy . we find a very good deal on the internet       off if you stay   night or more which equate to about Â £   per night , so it be a bargain ! if i need to stay in a hong kong again i would definitely consider the cityview

location of the hotel be great , yau ma tei station be around its door way . come and go to airport be easy and convenient . the most budget option be take bus   , which closet stop be only   min walk from the hotel , on nathan rd . however , yau ma tei be a bit further away from the big department store around victoria bay and tsim sha tsui . about   walk , which could be an issue for big shopper

the second hotel on our trip in hong kong . the location of the hotel be good , it 's near all , stations , bus stop , restaurant , starbucks , mall , etc . however , the front desk staff be not welcome at all . feel like     pay and get out of my face    . we reserve a deluxe room , but it be very small , even the bathtub , the room have no shaver , no comb supply

hotel in good location just off nathan road which be a bustle street full of eatery and shops also mtr at hand the staff be friendly and helpful  the room we have be clean and bed be comfy for the price we pay it be good value for money we have breakfast every morning and it be always very good and not expensive .

we have stay at the cityview for more than   week after reading the positive comment from trip advisor and we be not disappointed . the room be north american sized   i .e . big for hk standard ! yes , the room be ordinary , but it be budget price , very clean , and the size be more than adequate . we be pleasantly surprise by the great services of the staff there , esp . after they have upgrade us to the premium room free of charge . the cleaning staff there be very courteous and helpful too . we have especially like the location   which be probably mere meter away from the train station and many restaurants . the area feel safe to walk in at night . be sure to check out the neighbourhood eats in the area   the congee place and the bakery around the corner both open before   and be great cheap eats

the cityview be in an excellent location ,   walk from nathan rd and mtr station . the hotel be modern and the rooms be clean and tidy . all round great value hotel for hong

the location of the hotel be good , it 's near all , stations , bus stop , restaurant , starbucks , mall , etc . however , the front desk staff be not welcome at all . feel like     pay and get out of my face    . we reserve a deluxe room , but it be very small , even the bathtub , the room have no shaver , no comb supply

we spend   night here , the room be quite small and a bit tired dated and i can not advise if all rooms be like the one we have or if there have be some refurbishment in any area of the hotel

this hotel be locate in a convenient area as it be only a few minutes walk to the lady market and the sportswear and electronic area of mongkok . the yau ma tei station be only round the corner as well . if you be n't fussy with your hotel room and only want a place to sleep at night , then this hotel be for you

room be very small , but great location . i would stay here again

book this hotel through booking .com . choose it because of its price and the location which be very near the mtr . true enough , it be just about a minute away from the mtr station . its not like the other hotel near the mtr station but you have to take a long walk to get to the train . besides this , there be a lot of fast food establishment near the hotel  kfc , yoshinoya , burger king ,   , k store

we find the hotel a little pricey for what it be , however , apart from the bathroom be a little tired the room premier deluxe be fine , well service clean and well maintained . contrary to other report we do n't get any noise from other rooms and the staff be helpful . we have a fridge but no mini bar which be great as we could by our own drink and fill the fridge so that be a definite plus . the hotel be well locate just of nathan rd which be the main centre of activity in kowloon and only   metre from the underground railyway mrt . the mrt be easy to use and effiecent   a joy

  minute walk to subway and nathan road . good value external laundry , money exchange and   right opposite .   min walk to market , cheap shop , specialty shop , high end shopping mall , local style restaurant , bus etc . hotel be somewhat tired but clean . small room , hard bed you can ask for a soft overlie . good separate bathroom toilet with fan . reception staff be impersonal but ok , concierge staff be very friendly and helpful . they charge extra for everything . a good     western style    breakfast outside of hotel be hard to find on this side of hong kong hong kong central island be better . by comparison with other place we have stay at , breakfast be acceptable   . hongs kong 's mtr public transport system be fantastic , particularly the subway rail     easy to get araound and understand . buy yourself an     octopus    card you can cash in when leave for travel on everything rail , ferry , tram , bus . they even work for purchase at   and other store . other country should get this system

the size of the rooms be comfortable . enough space to walk around and put our luggages . neat     clean . daily necessity be replace everyday . there be security check at night which make me feel quite safe

the only good thing for this hotel be the location ! excellent for go to market and do some bargain shopping . we stay for   days and when we walk in our room , we be disappoint big style , it be nothing like the picture show on website we have be travel around the world so we be not naive enough to think it will be exactly the same but do n't prepare ourselves for this . our room be small , much smaller than you will get at the travelodge , bathroom be so tiny we could n't even move freely with one person . hotel staff be try their best to be helpful but they indeed need more training . will i be back to this hotel ? no ! will i recommend anyone to stay in this hotel ? no

its locate near an mtr so that be convenient for us . the room be tiny and compact which be kind of expected . everything be tuck away in drawers , cupboards . the concierge be helpful but cant say the same about the receptionists . we have to pay extra for the internet which be kind of sad consider that we be in hong kong

this be our third or fourth stay in this hotel . its location be very good with subway station right outside of the hotel . a supermarket very close by . a short walk will lead us to woman 's street . good congee opposite the hotel . many other great food around hotel . easy access to tsimtsa tsui district for shopping . very good service . the buffet in the hotel also very good quality . this be why we come back to stay in this hotel again and again

a friend recommend me to this hotel and i be not disappointed . i be there for   night with a young child . the counter lady be really sweet and friendly when we do our check in . we be give free upgrade and she even bring us to view the rooms personally . we stay in the newly renovate rooms which be super clean and new . the location of the hotel be near to great eatery , shopping streets malls and the mtr . the rooms be clean everyday . overall , the experiene be good . will definitely recommend to other friend and will go back again if i go to hk next time

i be excite to stay the hotel because on their hp , they say that they recently renew the hotel and the photo be amaizing , but the room i be guide be old one and be pretty much disappoint

we arrive early in the morning at this hotel and our room be suppose to be ready . it be n't and we have to wait for   hours for it to be ready . when we do get our room we be upgrade to a deluxe suite as it be out honeymoon which be lovely although a bit small but it serve a purpose of sleeping as we be out most days sight seeing . the bath be very small and my husband could n't even lie down in it but the room be keep very clean throughout our stay by the staff and generally the staff be more then happy to help us . we book in bed and breakfast and the breakfast be lovely although i would suggest not eat the the hotel restaurant in the evening as it be mostly shellfish and not much variety and for what we get it be very expensive . you be better off find somewhere in hong kong . we be well situate in kowloon and very close to the train station and only a short hop on there would bring us to the harbor for less then   for   of us ! overall i do n't think we 'd stay here age but as i say it serve a purpose

we stay at the cityview for   night at the start of our chinese holiday and initially i be n't enthral by it , but after stay in a tiny awful shoebox on hong kong island at the end of our holiday , i realise i should have give this place a bit more cred

the hotel be of a very high standard . the staff be very polite and helpful with nothing too much trouble . the location be a little out of the way but within walk distance to kowloon harbour . the breakfast be of a very high standard

the cityview hotel be close to everything , shop and even the yau ma tei train station . instead of spending money on expensive restaurant , we buy bread , noodle and bottled water from nearby convenience store which save us a lot of money . the hotel be also close to two money change stations . we choose the one near hsbc bank coz they give me more money for my dollar . be sure though to bring newer dollar bill because they wo n't accept old , dirty dollar bills . it can become a problem if that 's all you have . the mattress be decent , firm and comfortable for my back . they have a hair dryer and a safety box . the fridge though be n't cold enough , probably my only complaint . do n't forget to bring an adapter . oh , another not so good thing , the wall be pretty thin , so we could hear people talk and laugh their brain out next door . that 's about it . enjoy your stay

i arrive at the cityview well after midnight and be quickly check in by pleasant staff . when i find i be assign to a smoking room , staff offer to switch my room the follow day which they do , and meantime send someone up to spray the room to freshen it up . the rooms be small , but not by hong kong standards . there be a safe and a flat screen tv in the room and a great shower

we stay here before the name change , so it be another recommend ymca hotel in the hong kong area . we be a bit hesitant to stay at a hotel with a name we be use to associate with athletic club in the us , but the review and picture assure us it would be fine . sure enough , the lobby be nice , the bed comfortable , adequate bathroom with good water pressure and hot water . truthfully , the location be ideal ! take a stroll through the neighborhood or hop on a bus . so much right out the door . and the night market a couple block away be ideal . what have change with the new name ? i do n't know but if it 's anything like before , and you 're look for a budget conscious option , this would be the place

it 's my   stay in this hotel . be impress with the hotel staff 's service . the room be clean and spacious consider spacious for a hong kong hotel . the location of the hotel be also good , just   min to the nearst mtr station yau ma tei . and there be small eateries convenience store around it . will stay in this hotel again

this be not like a ymca . it be a hotel . a nice one . you have access to the gym , which be great . the rooms be clean . kinda small but you have everything you need   desk , chair , bed , tv , fridge , hot water kettle . the bathroom be n't as modern as i would like , but they be fine . the service be very good . and the location be excellent . very close to the subway stops . lots of sights and market withing walk distance . great value . i highly recommend

this be a great value place in kowloon . rooms be a good size and the cleaners pay attention to detail . must admit i â € ™ m not use to the uberfirm mattress but i do manage to get some decent sleep . fridge in room be handy . luggage be carry to collected from room . only niggle would be some problem with hot water in the shower . the location be excellent , close to corner shop and convenient for mtr . excellent hong kong public transport mean you can whizz all the way to hong kong island with minimal fuss . if like us you be stay for a few days the octopus travel card be a must as it allow you to travel around use all mode of public transport without have to worry about coins . i also pay for wireless internet access but the connection be extremely slow and not worth it . nevertheless would recommend this hotel and would stay here when in hk again

i return for my   stay at the cityview formerly know as ymca international house when i first stay here in   this april and be     upgraded    . the room be still in the older part of the building i think the newer side be the wing on the right face the check in counters . i should have ask what kind of room i be get before i be get upgrade ! anyhow , our room be more modern than what we have in   which include old but relatively clean look green carpeting . this time around , the carpet seem clean , the amenities updated . the room however , be smaller . we get the two twin bed like the first time around but there be a lot less space over to pull our luggage . this compare to the room we stay in at our   stay where you probably could have fit another double bed and all our suitcases . grant the bathroom be smaller and only have a shower vs . a tub

be at cityview from   for   nights . have to agree that it be the more memorable stay since we start visit hk yearly . we be regular visitor especially for the summer sales and find this hotel above its peer for value stay . the lobby be large and the counter staff very friendly . housekeping be excellent and they attend to us readily when we requested . they be also bus just outside the hotel that will bring you to causeway bay hk island and even shatin direct

this hotel provide us with a good value for money base in an excellent location . there be a number of school youth party checking in at the same time as us but the hotel seem to be locate them in the original block whilst put family and individual guest in the newer block and higher floors . we have a slightly surreal experience of have a temperature gun aim at us as we check in   the receptionist ask my permission but my husband and daughter be not ask or tell what be happening . our room be spacious and more than large enough for the three of us . it have be newly decorated . there be plenty of storage space . we ask for additional coathangers and pillow which be bring very promptly . our safe be not work but a workman arrive quickly and the fault be correct within minutes . the room contain a large double and a single bed   the matresses be firm and the bed linen new . the room be well clean and maintained . we be give a voucher for one free breakfast , so go down and try the meal on our first morning . the dine room be full of the aforementioned school party , but the meal be quite adequate . we decide however , that it be n't worth the Â £   per person that it would cost us to buy so we rely on the best baker by the station which fill us at a fraction of the hotel price ! we also try the coffee in the coffee lounge but would not recommend it   it be overprice and sloppy with coffee grounds throughout the cafetiere   disappointing . we be also disappoint to be tell that the pool and gym have be closed . our room key keep fail and have to be replaced . the hotel staff tell us it be because we be place it next to a mobile phone   as we do n't have one with us this seem unlikely

i ask the taxi driver to take me to the cityview and i give him the address . he be surprise as he drop me off with the comment     oh this be the ymca . ' believe me , if every ymca be like this then there would be no need for any more outstanding hotel ! someone have completely turn this former ymca into a jewel in hong kong

the only reason this hotel do not get   star from me , be the paper thin wall that allow the slightest noise to come into your room

stay there for   night during july   the hotel be on a superb location , just a few minutes away from the ya ma tei mtr station . take exit would , then cross the road on your right hand side , then turn right again and walk straight for around   meter . lots of great food and good shop in the area . also easily walk to the lady market and temple street .   mini mart be next to the side entrance of the hotel . the girl at the reception be very friendly and helpful . the room be nicely clean . the shower pressure be so nice , i wish i could take shower the whole day . perfect value ! !

i have just return have stay at this hotel and would not hesitate in recommend it

what a great three days stay in hongkong . make all the better by the staff at the hotel . meal and service be great and we will be go back next year

i be in the older tower . the room be small , and the bathroom be extremely filthy . the grout in the bathroom be not clean at all . the bathroom smell like someone have not flush the toilet after use for a long time . there be lot of tourist from other country . well , the upside be   the location be great , and the front desk service be great

we book our hotel through booking com and get an excellent rate . the hotel lobby be spacious and check in be a breeze . we be upgrade to an executive room which be quite spacious and it have an in room safe , slipper and bathroom amenities . the staff be fulent in english and helpful . breakfast be outstanding and set us up for the day

the first time i stay at the cityview be late last year and i make the mistake of not stay with them again on my recent trip to hong kong . i end up book a room at mingle on the place in sheung wan , which be a complete disaster . after just one night , i drop by the cityview and ask if they have a room available that very night . they do , and i check in that evening , pay hk     per night   very good value for a four star hotel in hong kong that be a two minute walk away from a mtr station . the staff who attend to me be kind enough to upgrade me to an executive room , three scale above the superior room i have request for

nice hotel to stay in hongkong . near mtr . very convenient . walk distance to markets . recommend to short stayers . book online and in advance for good deal

hong kong be famous for small rooms , but the cityview surprisingly buck this trend . the rooms be a good size , smaller than elsewhere , but still comfortably size

cityview hotel have an excellent location esp for those visit hongkong for food and shopping , it be very near to yau ma tei mtr , short walk distance to temple street and lady market . and it be kind of near to   of my favourite shopping mall , ctma centre less than   min walk and argyle centre slightly more than   min walk

good location , walk distance to woman street , nanthan road ,   walk to the nearest mrt yaumatei exit , room clean , comfortable  

i be extremely happy with my stay at the cityview . i look through so many review of all the hotel in the hongkong area and finally , after over a month of try to make my decision on where to stay , decide on the cityview . my wife and i be not disappointed . we only have one night in the area , and want a centrally locate hotel . i be very please with everything , include let us check in at       be that morning , and upgrade us to a better room

good size , clean rooms in a well run hotel . good service on check in . good location although more in the shopping district than the nightlife district   nightlife more towards the harbour . choose not to have the breakfast in the hotel . no complaint overall throughout the stay

* clean , comfortable

i stay at the cityview with my family near the end of april beginning of may for   nights . customer service be top notch . since we arrive before check in and have to wait , the front desk upgrade our room to a   br executive suite . the hotel rooms be a mix of newer and date furnishing but be clean and well maintained . the bed be standard twin size and have ample room for an average size person . i book directly through the hotel and get the same rates with a standard cancellation policy as other travel websites . one of the biggest perk of the cityview be the location . it be a   minute walk from the yau ma tai mtr station and be within easy walk distance to the lady market and mongkok . overall , the cityview be good value for the price and i would stay there again

i book this hotel through hotels com after book it directly through the hotel website and cancel that reservation because hotels com have a lower rate that the cityview say they could not honor directly . i worry that our reservation would get confused , but check in go smoothly . the location be very close to the subway   which give easy access to the whole city , and be in a fun neighborhood to explore on foot   especially the lady market . the pool be a part of the ymca , and as such be use for swim classes . on both sunday afternoon and wednesday morning , hotel guest be greet kindly enough at the pool desk , but be relegate to share a couple of lane of the with local senior citizen while the swim class take up the rest of the pool . there be probably over   flotation devices kick boards , etc . , but when my   year old try to use one , she be reprimand by the life guard . the room be small   very small , and the bathroom be also tiny , but my biggest complaint be that the bed be sub standard sized . i frequently share a twin sized bed with my daughter , but these     twin    bed be tiny , which in my view make the hotel not very family friendly . it really be n't possible for more than   people to share a room at this hotel without someone sleeping on the floor . i would only recommend this hotel to someone travel without child or to a family that plan on book more than one room . btw   there be complimentary water , instant coffee , hair dryer , etc . all hide in small drawers in the desk and tv stand

i scour the internet for deal on a hotel with location and price in mind . i chance upon this hotel and book it base on its price and the good reviews . i book a non smoking room with twin bed

hk hotel be get more expensive , and with   family member in tow this visit a cheap and good hotel be in order . our usual metropark mongkok be deem too far from amenities once we discover cityview .   min walk away from mongkok centre , around the corner from mtr exit   and nathan rd , and   walk from knutsford terrace   ideal .     , a circle k , fresh bakery for breakfast , foodstall cafe for fishballs on exit of mtr . kfc and burgerking over the road

just return from an april   stay in hong kong . hotel be expensive in hong kong . so if you would like to stay in a modern western style hotel room but not have it cost you a fortune then cityview be a good choice . it 's very conveniently locate next to the train subway . our room be big , comfortable with a plush king size bed and gorgeous modern bathroom . the hotel have two restaurant one of which serve a great buffet breakfast . i would definitely stay there again if ever in kowloon

locate conveniently , this be a great hotel with friendly staff and clean rooms . the hotel be a minutes walk from the yau ma tei mtr station and provide easy access to all areas . i suggest that the traveler take an airport express from the airport . the   shuttle service of the airport express drop you at the hotel

my partner and i stay at the cityview for   night in march   we be upgrade to a premier room . everything be fantastic . room be lovely and of a normal western size . i have stay on previous trip in two other hotel stanford hillview and ramada both in tst and both these have extremely small rooms so it be a pleasant surprise to see the room size at the cityview . the room be lovely and clean . but the best thing about this hotel be the location which be why we choose it . so close to the mtr but also we walk to the jade market and both the lady and temple market without any problems . staff at the hotel be great . we even get voucher for free welcome drink in the downstairs bar . the airport shuttle pull in to the hotel so really convenient . we check out the swim pool but decide not to use it as it be a public pool and full of kid , but we be so busy in hk that we really do n't have time for swim anyway

as a corporate traveler , i use to stay at   hotel in hong kong . as a traveler spending my own money in hong kong , i look for value . i just return from a one week stay in hong kong , spending it all at the cityview , which be a newly remodel , former ymca . our room be smallish , undecorated , but very clean , with minimal furniture   a desk and chair , nightstand , bed , tv stand refrigerator with tv bbc   not cnn . everything look new , except the carpet , which have a spot . there be a closet to hang your clothes and store your luggage   no dresser . the bathroom and fixture be all new , but smallish . someone very tall or much over   pound would find the bathroom uncomfortable . our room overlook waterloo road , but be quiet   indeed , we hear almost no noise from adjoin rooms , which be a big deal if you stay at most hotel in china . we try both the dine room buffet and the continental breakfast in the lobby . both have good coffee and good breakfasts . there be a   across the street , but no western style coffee place nearby . the cityview have a very good location   near yaumatei subway stop , and the     bus to from the star ferry be very convenient . you can easily walk to the lady ' , temple street , and jade market from there . they have a free airport shuttle . look for special discount on this hotel to make it even more affordable . there might be cheaper place to stay in hong kong , but probably none cleaner , safer or better located . and , even tho this be no longer a ymca hotel , visitor still have access to the ymca health club and pool which be co located

i be in hk from march   to visit family and friend and use the s .a .r . as my gateway before head into china . i book a special executive room package for hk     which include a newly refurbish room on an executive floor , complimentary breakfast , access to kowloon ymca facility , complimentary minibar item   can of sprite ,   can of pocari sweat , free activity at the y and complimentary city tour

i stay   night at the cityview when they 'd just rebranded from the ymca and i book my room directly through the hotel website for around   a night . the price be within my budget and the location be great  within walk distance to shop , eatery and the mtr

check in on the   march for   nites with wife and kids . be surprise that they upgrade my room to premier from deluxe for free   be also give a     discount voucher for the buffet dinner . staff be helpful and be smile always . room be big enough for my family and be neat and clean . i love the location of this hotel , so near to the mtr yau ma tei , if you exit via   , it will lead you straight to the hotel entrance . amenities around be good with   , circle k near by , temple street and lady street nite market be around the corner too . highly recommend if you be visit hong kong soon      

visit hk with mom   mar   book this hotel through 'hotelclub .com' . we get free upgrade room . the room meet standard of other hotel in hk . staff be very kind and willing to help . most thing i like about this hotel be the location . very close to mtr yau ma tei . few block away from lady markets .   be opposite site of hotel . do n't miss 'tan tard ' at the small bakery shop next to   just only   hk   very delicious

in hong kong , you ca n't go wrong with a hotel that within a short walk distance from an mtr station , a   , and several foreign exchange outlets . this hotel 's location be the main reason i book with this hotel

choose citiview hotel through booking com which be so simple and straight forward as well ! we have a good , efficient check in and be delight be upgrade to premier room even we have a special discount . our room be give to our request on a high level . it be spaciousand immaculately clean for such a good value price in hongkong . so convenient to all shop , money changers , food which be just right at your doorstep and even the mtr which be literally a few steps away . it be a good revisit holiday , explore almost all vicinity from kowloon on foot , which be so possible within minutes from the hotel which again be a real centrepoint . staff be friendly , attentive and so courteous in this more than a   hotel

the only problem we face at this hotel be that a c be too strong ! it be freeze everywhere in hotel . especially in elevator the cold air be blow out from everywhere . everything else be quite good . staff at front desk polite and willing to help . breakfast rather rich for   * hotel . executive room quite spacious for hk standarts ! location perfect ,   minutes walk to subway station . also very good value for money

have book the hotel online with it 's reservation sometime last year .   week prior to my stay , have find out that they have a different promotion . write back to the hotel and their reservation team be very kind change my old reservation to a new one

we book our hotel through hotelclub com and get an excellent rate . the hotel lobby be spacious and check in be a breeze . we be upgrade to an executive room which be quite spacious and it have an in room safe , slipper and bathroom amenities

check in be quick and staff friendly . be give a room on the   floor . lots of tour group , but hallway always seem quiet . good buffet breakfast include in rate . lobby nice , all staff acknowledge the guests . no free wifi and it be not inexpensive . wifi for one hour     or four hours     or   hours     and the time run regardless of whether your computer be in use or not . hotel be well locate just off nathan road . a subway stop be just around the corner . depend on the time of year , if it be not summer then bring some warm clothing as there be no heat in the hotel , just air condition and it be on all the time , whether it be hot or cold

i book this hotel through an online hotel book site where i manage to get a really good price for   night of stay in early jan   my rooms get upgrade straight away to executive and the staff be nice to give us a connect room . not really expect much for the room , i be surprise at the amount of things prepare for us be n't expect much for a   hotel . though the room be small as expect in hk hotel , it be just nice for everyone of us . have n't have much contact with the staff but overall they be friendly . overall , it be a good

book through www .booking .com . superb location , mtr station just round the corner so ideal for travel ,   and various shop , noodle bars just outside the hotel ,   min walk to the lady market or if you 're lazy like me and ca n't wait to get there , get the mtr to mong kok which be one stop   a few minutes . hotel be recently renovate so the rooms have be modernise , we be upgrade to superior so that be a bonus . there be a user friendly safe for your valuable , great power shower , very clean and housekeep be very quick to respond to my request for an iron ! could not fault the hotel at all , only minor thing be there be nowhere to put your suitcase

we live in and travel all over asia and have get use to 'surprises ' when book hotel online so we check out tripadvisor and cityview have good reviews . it be what we need location , room type , price , star so we book it and turn out the good review be spot on . base on another 's review i ask for a free upgrade and sure enough they bump us up to the next class . staff be extremely helpful , courteous , etc . rooms not extravagant but certainly decent , clean , tasteful , well maintained . ca n't beat location   literally a stone 's throw from subway station . no wireless in rooms but buy a local internet card and you can pick up the phone company 's signal in the lobby , or just about anywhere in town starbucks be a walk around the corner . cityview offer its own internet access wire in rooms , wireless in lobby or at desktop in bus . center but price be ridiculously high . hotel still have former ymca logo outside so when come from subway or airport shuttle stop they 're next to each other keep your eye out for it

i stay   night in this hotel . it be rename as the cityview . if you be come from the airport , buy an octopus card , take   and alight at pitt street . the bus stop be walk distance from the hotel . check in be fuss free and we be give complimentary drink at the bar at ground level but we not get the chance to enjoy it

we stay in a premier room and find our view of king 's park relax and calming . the bed be hard , but comfortable . they be good sized twins and be appoint with duvet instead of blankets . our room have plenty of space and an easy to use safe . housekeep bring adaptor for all our n . american charger for us very promptly . the shower be great   good strength and plenty of hot water

i stay here for two night in mid dec   , this be my   stay in   month i also stay another   night at citygate novotel , read my review if you be consider this hotel

i have stay at lots of other hotel on kowloon side and this hotel do not measure up compare to some other hotel in hk . location be ideal if you be tourist but not so much if you be travel for business . i book and pay for upgrade but they do not upgrade . a couple in line in front of me get an upgrade without pay for it . do not make any sense . i think i get a standard room which be not ready till the evening and no appology for the inconvinience . i book for a smoking room and they say all smoking rooms be booked . again no appology . i be too tired from the long flight in morning and long work day so do not bother put a fight . but i would not recommend this hotel as there be lots of better hotel for few dollar more

my friend and i travel to hk in dec   we actually expect our room to be small because of what we hear of hotel in hk . pleasantly surprise to find that we be upgrade for free and that the room be quite spacious

clean hotel , walk distance to the mtr exit,to bus station,to fa yuen st or the so call     sneaker street    , to the lady market and to the temple street . from the airport you can take bus   for only   , you can reach the hotel in   minutes

stay at the cityview on   november on the way back from the uk to oz . choose as a result of review on this website and i be glad to say that we be not disappoint

this hotel be not like any ymca and have recently be rename to city view

it be our first time in hong kong . i be shock with the hotel price , and then we find the citiview , a combination of a great location , comfortable rooms at a great price . the rooms be ok , nothing great about them . i would say very basic , but indeed a great value . we stay   people in a little suite     single bed in a room , and a couch in an additional room for less than us    

really good hotel . clean and nice staff

we stay at the cityview on our way home to nz from the uk for one night . it be definately really easy to get to the hotel from the airport , thank to the mtr system airport express train and the free shuttle bus system which drop you off outside the front door of the hotel . everything be really well signpost and even the 'greenest ' of traveller wo n't have any problem

we be three friend and we have a wonderful stay at the city view . i have book the rooms on the net and get a good deal for hk     all inclusive for three night  

we have never stay in hong kong before , so use a combination of price hunting use wotif com + review from tripadvisor to help us find a place to stay . we switch to the cityview from another similar hotel as this hotel be just around the corner from the mtr + convenient for walk to the kowloon shops . although not in hong kong proper , the location be close enough to the market and shop we enjoy visit

this be my third visit to hong kong and each time i have stay at different hotels . the city view use to be the ymca international but have recently change names and upgraded . the rooms at the city view be larger than other hotel i have pay more for in hong kong and much more modern and tidy . upon arrival we be immediately upgrade to a premier suite with no extra costs , this last for our entire   night stay . as soon as we arrive the conicerge take our luggage and put it in our room on the   floor . the reception staff be very welcome and helpful and assist to our every need . room service be not expensive at this hotel , we pay around     au for a main course . the location be superb , locate in tsim she tsui it be a   minute walk to the lady market popular mostly at night and a mtr stop be less than   walk away . there be a   store across the road and a wellcome supermarket a couple hundred metre away . for a low cost hotel , this be your best bet in hong kong , especially for shopper !

locate near the prime area with ya ma tei train station within   min walk distance . mongkok be about two street away . hotel price be reasonably cheap . room be slightly small . take an express bus from the airport and stop at a bus stop which be a walk distance to the hotel . if you be take the express bus , remember to buy the hk octopus card first at the express bus station area which can be use on bus and mtr

all in all , it be an okay experience . my friend and i be low maintenance guest and have minimal contact with the staff , but the people at the front desk be very approachable and welcoming . we request for an early check in which they allow

stay at the hotel for   nights . the hotel 's location be superb . the yau ma tei mtr be only about   min walk away . tsimshatsui station be only   stop away . there be   of us sharing a room and we be automatically upgrade to the suite . the superior suite have no view but it be clean and tidy and there be a bathtub . the bell boy and concierge give good advice when ask about the place of interest . the front manager could be more helpful but she direct us immediately to the concierge before we could even finish ask the question . the lady street market , sport street , electronic and it street , etc be just a   min walk . there be many restaurant outlet nearby that one can eat steamboat , dim sum , goose rice , dessert , curry fish ball , etc easily even late at night . the shop open till about   pm at night so you can really shop to your heart 's content . i would strongly recommend this hotel for family go on holiday or for those who want to enjoy the convenience

my wife and i and some of her colleague visit hk and book three rooms at the ymca international house in hk . i be pleasantly surprise at how clean and comfortable the rooms were . the hotel be very nice and i would stay there again . however , they have just change their name to citilink hotel and may change their rates and such soon . i do recemmend this place to budget traveler because it be much better in qualtiy than the name would suggest it to be

my wife and i stay here , july   to july   we be in room  



stay for   nights . be pleasantly surprise at ease of get there by airport express . location be wonderful , without the traffic noise . staff be just superb and rooms well cleaned . comfortable bed and no problem like noisy airconditioning or erratic hot shower , these be most important for me coz be travel with a   year old

i live in hk for many years and still visit hk   times a year for business . the ymca choice be for a vacation . we stay at the ymca int'l house for   night and come back to singapore just yesterday

i actually plane to stay just for   night , but have to extend for   additional , and be not sad about it . everything go smoothly , check in with no problem and even if i have to ask about some particular place in the city , the concierge always be realy helpfull

the price be great , we be unsure what to expect but   night there and all i can say be thank you to all the wonderful staff . it be my best stay overseas yet . i love every minute of it . take your family , kid its a great place

have just return from stay   nights . i be at first sceptical about stay at the hotel but i be impress with the overall service and consider it be good value for money . the room be small , but as i only use it for sleeping in it be fine . just a few point to make  

mix feelings about the ymca international house

i be really nicely surprise by this property , beening the ymca i think it be go to be budget accommodation however this be not the case at all , it be the same standard as any other hong kong hotel

i recently spend   days at this hotel and i would highly recommend it as a budget hotel . i have a flat screen tv , the room be very clean , anything i need be bring to me promptly . i stay in the tower on the   floor as the local fire department and ambulance service be across the street , i avoid some of the noise . there be a great supermarket across the street   wellcome . i buy breakfast item to keep in the refrigerator that be in my room . from the higher floor , it be possible to get a partial view of the nightly symphony of light , i do not recommend the pool , it feel more like the local y than a hotel pool . there be always million of kid in the pool from nearby apartment

i stay at ymca intl house in early jan   for   nights . this be my first trip to hong kong , i do n't have an inkling what exactly to look out for in arrange for my accomodation there . so i decide on ymca intl house since it be one of my travel agent 's strong recommendation and most importantly , be within my budget . i do not make any request for better room since i have assume the standard rooms be the same

ugh   we stay here for   days book through a travel agency on a tour . we have stay at gold coast for one night , but they be book up and have to move to the ymca . which be one step above a hostel , in my opinion . i see the picture on expedia and our room do not look like that . it be more like a dorm room . it be a tight fit in the room with two single beds . we have to stack our luggage in order to fit . the bathroom be tiny , the shower door seal be break on the bottom , so the water flow out into the metal drain outside of the shower . sometimes the toilet do n't flush   have to pump it a few times to get it to work . the grout in some parts have not be clean regularly either and the amenities in the bathroom be sparse . the best thing about the room be the proximity to the mtr and the night markets . the bakery and congius place nearby be very good

i be very impress for this hotel . compare to other website post the hotel picture , i would prefer to check on my own . the hotel overall be very clean

we stay at the ymca international , as we be n't look to spend too much on accomodation , therefore the reasonable price suit us

the location be good and the staff be very friendly . the room be comfortable and clean . the airport express shuttle drop there   shuttle bus . the tv should have offer more cable tv channels though . will definitely consider stay there again

we stay in the tower wing for   night in november  

location be

great location   mtr around the corner   laundromat and kodak shop across the road   mini marts all around us   nathan rd one street over   the market to the north and south of us   great buffet breakfast and very reasonable

comfortable , clean and good size rooms with all the conveniences you expect in an international hotel . take your own teabags and coffee if you want to have hot drink in your room , the hotel supply a jug for hot water only . the reception be unable to understand the concept of make tea and coffee in your room . apart from that we be really happy with the facility and grateful for the efficient air condition in the room   we stay in august . we would definitely stay here again . the buffet breakfast be value for money

stay in this hotel from   aug   we book the tower rooms

my family of     toddler stay here for   nights . we specificly request for the tower room . the rooms and be clean and spacious . spacious enough to put the extra bed we request at an extra cost and not feeling cramp

this be a nice budget hotel which be conveniently locate   close to the yau ma tei mtr , lady market and night market

stay at the ymca yau ma tei for   nights . book on zuji singapore and get a tower block room for s     include buffet breakfast which i think be good value . the hotel be conveniently locate with the yau ma tei mtr station entrance literally a minute 's walk away . to get into central therefore take about   to   minutes , and to tsim sha tsui about   from the airport express kowloon station be about a   minute cab ride , cost about hk        

ymca international house hotel in

i would love stay in this hotel the next time i visit hk again . the hotel be a walk distance to the lady market , mtr , cheap electronic shop , shoe shops . as a tourist i want to stay somewhere quiet but still accessible to the hk central

i have mix experience abt ymca intl house  the hhotel be strongly recommend by my parent becus of their excellent location . they be also lucky to be give a complimentary upgrade to a tower room newer and cleaner for their   night stay . however , i be not so lucky . they old rooms be old and dirty and i have to part with hk     to be upgrade to a tower room for   night

its a nice stay over at the hotel . it be very near to the mtr , within   min of walking . walk distance to lady market and fa yuen market . see some of the photo and realise our room and toilet be sort of bigger as there 's an extra angle . you pay for what you get . realise some say that the bed have a crack or be hard , i am perfectly fine with both , as long you do n't really check all areas . would choose this hotel again

we find the ymca to be overprice compare to similar accomodation in hong kong     a room . the room be date and tired   the brochure and web site show the new tower rooms , which at over     a night seem a little steep

my partner and i stay here for the   chinese new year and it be much better than we have expected . the hotel staff be friendly and we get upgrade to a tower room when we checked in . the hotel itself be very nice and our room be also bigger than we expected . the location be the best thing about this place ! it 's minutes away from lady market and temple street and the mtr of course ! we have stay in many hotel before and this be definitely a good stay . the bed be decent as well . we 're use to hard bed in china , so this be a treat   we also get one free breakfast for each night we stayed . i would definitely recommend this hotel , especially for it 's location

a friend and i stay at the ymca international house in waterloo street last       february   i check out the review in trip advisor , and from the review i get be all favorable . so my friend and i opt for this hotel and contact our company 's travel agent to book us in this hotel . from the airport we take the vigor airport express for hk     per passenger . upon arrival the front desk staff be very polite in give us our room . we reserve for a single twin sharing , and we be upgrade and be suppose to be give a room at the new wing . but i request for a smoking room and instead be give the same room upgrade in the other wing . the room be great , clean and big for hk standards . it have twin bed ,   toilet , which be very convenient since my friend can use the toilet in the room , while i can use the other toilet near the entrance . it have a receive area too . we be on the   floor , and windows face the east sunrise . it be okay since we wake up when the room get bright and sunny . the location be great , a lot of restaurant around the hotel , not to forget california restaurant where we have our first taste of pork top , the   money exchange counter beside the restaurant , the laundry shop and the mtr yau ma tei exit be accessible . one of the staff , the gentleman in the back door of the hotel be really helpful . he pull out map from his drawer and very diligently in break english informs us the direction to our destinations . and when we come back at the end of the day, , he would be very happy for us to find our way to temple street night market , hk disneyland and ocean park because of the paper bag we be carrying . i will definitely come back to this hotel , next year while me and my friend will explore more outlying island of hong kong

my husband and i do n't expect that the room in ymca int'l house in hk particularly in waterloo road would be great ! we love the room and the accomodation . the bedroom and bathroom be so clean . the bed be good and comfortable . it 's almost new . we have a nice view of the mountain . the hotel be locate near the shopping district of mongkok , just a few block away . we just make a brisk walk along nathan rd . and presto ! we 're in the middle of the shopping place ! the price that we pay for this hotel be very much worth it ! for tourist who 's look for a budget hotel , i highly recommend this place ! we 'll definitely stay here again when we go back to hongkong

we have just return from hong kong where we have a   day stopover . the service be amazing  when we arrive bedraggle after a n overnight flight at   we be offer a room immediately much to our surprise . the location be excellent   only   min walk from the star ferry in kowloon , opposite the hk cultural centre . ask for a waterfront room and you will be treat to a free light show at dusk over the water

i stay at the ymca international waterloo from   dec  

