perfect service from start to finish . clean , efficient , good location . quick walk to ferry

i want a hotel to be in the center of the shopping in hong kong and i ` have be look search in the internet and what make me like the langham how its near the mall and in the same time the port also , about the hotel lubby be beautiful so luxury and wonderful about the room i take the classic room it be kond of too much use which i think need change it as they offer me to pay more if i want to change the type of the room for some renew rooms

i be go to book the langham place in mongkok , but my wife urge me to book the langham as it be close to the star ferry and shopping . to her credit , she make a fine choice

my husband and i stop over in hong kong on our way back from malaysia . this be my second trip to hong kong and on my previous visit i have stay at the sheraton on nathan road . the sheraton be a nice , big hotel however the langham have a nicer feel to it . it be a smallish hotel but it be incredibly beautiful . it have a lovely signature scent which engulfs you as soon as you enter the hotel . we stay in one of the newly renovate rooms . the room be tastefully decorate and have state of the art technology insofar as the phone , light switch etc be concerned . the bathroom be nice and spacious . the concierge desk be very helpful . the breakfast be good . the hotel 's location be very central . nathan road , harbour city and the star ferry be just a stone 's throw away . the service at the hotel be impeccable and i would definitely stay here again

brilliant hotel every step of the way . rooms be great . staff be helpful and polite . food be good michelin star restaraunt in the hotel . location be really good for a tourist . no complaints . would love to be there again for a few days . the two words that come in to my mind when i think of it be luxury and comfort

stay at the langham hk for four night   nov     dec . nice hotel . smallish rooms as to be expect in hk . nice fragrance in the lobby , although it may not be for everyone . predominantly pink theme   slipper , stationery , you name it . come across as somewhat feminine . health club be also a little small with a nice but small pool . location be great but for the road works right in front which mean you have to use the subway just to get across the road . it do get a little tire when you have to do that every day but no fault of the hotel . there 's also a food republic at the silvercord centre which be accessible in   minutes from the hotel 's driveway through the car park

this hotel be beautiful . the rooms be luxurious . brekkie be great . staff excellent . would stay here again . one of the best hotel i have ever stay at

we stay for three night early november and whilst there be nothing wrong with this hotel , after visit the langham place in mongkok , i just wish we 'd stay over there

normally stay at the four season in hong kong . but they not have a room avaliable for me on this trip . so langham hotel oriental it was . be hope that it be of the same s

an excellent hotel throughout . i would like to highlight the most efficient check in   speedy and friendly as well as the outstanding breakfast . it may look unpretentious but the quality and selection be second to none . very good location though if you want to sip your cocktail watch the skyline on the other side you need to go the interconti

we take a party of fourteen to celebrate a         in april and we stay on the club level , rooms fantastic , service brilliant and the club lounge be amazing . great value for us as drink in hong kong very expensive , we enjoy champagne every night and end up go out very jolly on a lot of occasions

while the langham do not have the view that other   star hotel in hk do , it do make up for that with service and a sense of     place    . walk in the door after a day in the heat humidity and humanity that be hk , a sense of peace and serenity envelops you , unlike most of the major hotel in the area . we take advantage of advance discount and upgrade to an update grand room with access to the club of which we be able to take great advantage . the location be excellent , a short walk to the mtr , star ferry and the water front . i am sure many would prefer hk island over kowloon and we do spend a fair amount of time there , kowloon have a lot to offer and the convenience be supreme

move across the road to the langham after a bad couple of days at the kowloon hotel . opt for one of the grand level rooms on the   floor , which we be tell have be recently refurbished . they be extremely comfortable . roomy , with a large tub and 'internal window ' so that you can gawp at the tv from the bath . tasteful design and plenty of touch that add to the overall comfort of the room . service be extremely good throughout hotel . roof top pool jacuzzi be great

i work with the langham hotel to hold our global meeting there . the staff be phenomenal and the attention to detail be outstanding . prior to the start of the meeting we have a debrief session with all the head staff so we know who everyone be and what their responsibility were . let 's just say these guy and gal be extremely organised . i have no complaint throughout the event . the food be always fresh and plenty of it and diverse enough to cater for all the different culture attend

we stay for   night and enjoy the club deal incl . breakfast , drink , teatime , etc . what be really worth the money . also the pool area on the rooftop be very nice after exhaust sightsee , shopping,   the hotel be center very close to the harbour , shopping mall , nice restaurant and   min walk to the mtr . the staff be very helpfull an friendly ! ! ! definetly would stay there again

we have the most delightful stay in this lovely hotel . the rooms be spacious and tastefully decorate , the bed be very comfortable and the linen , sumptuous . the food be delicious , vary and interesting and the wait staff attentive . in fact it be the service throughout the hotel that really excel , the staff could not do enough . we will definately be back

we spend a lot of time checking review on trip advisor before book the langham for our stay   october , and decide on the langham base on the very positive review and the reasonable room rates which compare favourably with other options . we can only endorse all the positive comment in other reviews . the langham be terrific , and the location be excellent

stay here with my family for six night at the end of october . have book two standard rooms , however on book in be upgrade to executive rooms . the rooms be of excellent size , much bigger than other hotel rooms in hk . the rooms have be recently upgrade , with large bathroom and all mod cons . the hotel have a boutique personal feel . all the staff we camne in contact with , be helpful and courteous . the hotel convenient location , near to nathan rd , and   min walk to star ferry mean we be never far away from all the main attraction of kowloon . next door to the hotel be aqua   peking road , the bar aquaspirit on the   fl offer the best view of hk harbour at night , the drink be expensive , but who care when you see the view ! . you will not be disappoint if you book into the langham , many other hotel in kowloon charge higher price , but can not match the langham in terms of service and location

we stay for a night in the langham . the welcome be a little anonymous and the room in the lower level be nothing special , although all usual amenities for an hotel this category be available . a special mention for the nice pool on the roof and for the offer to refresh in the evening well after check out before go to the airport . this be the extra service that be appreciate

i really research hotel in hong kong for this visit as it be to be a luxurious stopover on my way back from paris . i can not fault the service i receive and even though i be travel on my own i do not feel at all uncomfortable or unsafe . i be upgrade to a nicer room and that be just the beginning of a wonderful stay . i take advantage of the langham club which be a lovely haven for breakfast , afternoon tea or drinks . the only problem be some of the other guest who do not view the langham club as a haven and be particularly loud   problem solve by glenn   complimentry tea in the lobby lounge . it be great to be able to use the pc 's in the club as i do not have my laptop . i love the massage and facial i have by wendy who be totally professional and well trained . divine ! the pool area be lovely and room service be speical , complete with fresh pink flower on the tray . love the bar and indulge myself in some very original cocktails . the reception and concierge staff be quite outstanding in their wonderful approach and it be delightful that they make an effort to use my name . whilst , i do n't use the restaurant in the hotel they look very attractive and there be plenty of choice . next time i visit hong kong i would definately consider the langham kowloon          it be fantastic

langham hotel ? be a great pleasure ! defintely high standard hotel . everything in be perfect . stylish rooms , maybe a bit small but complete and comfy . hotel staff be impeccable . they even say thank you when you ask something this be due to chinese way , maybe . only a little remark , i could not get such a wide offer of newspaper . breakfast then be above all . similar to a ceremony lunch it do offer    all ! international food sweet and salty and chinese . well   langham be a confirmation of what an excellent standard means

just return from stay at the langham after choose it from these reviews . i be not disappoint , the hotel be beautiful and the service excellent . the room be small although the bed be huge and the bathroom lovely but i am tell not a bad size by hong kong standard plus the view be not great . the buffet dinner be amazing although pricey and very busy on weekend nights . the new york deli be great ! location be good if you want nathan road but in hind sight i would have stay on hong kong side . when you leave the hotel you have to run the gaunlet of tailor , copy watch , copy handbag , time share etc . all try to get you to buy . hong kong side would have be quieter . i also find it difficult to find     normal shops    near to the hotel   there 's every designer shop you could think of here . although within walk distance of temple street market where we manage to get most of the things we be look for

my friend and i stay during august   during the time of the equestrian olympics in hong kong which be the main reson for our visit . we stop in club rooms , winnie and her team make us feel very welcome within the club . the langham be very elegant at the rooms be very well appoint , all client be make to feel very special and welcome . it be very well situate in kowloon for many of the city sights , star ferry and all the fab food hong kong have to offer

stay for   night in standard club room which be well worth any extra payment . rooms be very comfortable and staff be incredibly helpful and courteous . this hotel be very conveniently situate for star ferry , mtr and shopping . this be our first time in hong kong for many years and we love it and the hotel make it very special for us . do n't look elsewhere just book the langham

we stay at the langham hotel at the end of september   we find the hotel to be in an excellent location   close to nathan road shop , the star ferry , mtr and the habour city shopping complex , and several market

be a bit take back by the size of the room . how large the suite was . be near nathan road also help , great location and the lobby lounge be quite large . impress would stay there again

my husband and i stay in a recently refurbish grand i think thats what it be call ! room for a long weekend in may for a friend wed and the room be lovely , and large for hong kong . the bed be lovely and big , and the perfect place to finish off dome very hectic days ! the bathroom be also lovely and modern and again large . the hotel be in a great location , just a few minutes walk from the star ferry terminal and second away from the main shopping area of kowloon . the staff be friendly and helpful , and therewere no hide surprise on our bill . we get a great rate ,     off the normal price so its worth shopping around . we not eat in any of the hotel restaurant although they all look good . the only negative thing about this hotel be that there be no harbour view , although we spend so much time out of the hotel we hardly notice ! the only problem with the room be when you be inside the door not lock , although the safety latch do and we never find this a problem   it do lock when you leave the

beautiful hotel , arrive early hours , stay for   day 's and   nights   breakfast include with our room,bewared unless you have sleep there the night before they will charge you for breakfast after check in   apart from that , central location near the rodeo drive of hong kong

what a great hotel . we have long discussion over whether to stay at the langham or the peninsula   and in the end stay   night in each . whilst the peninsula be special in it 's own way it 's probably not worth pay a third as much again as the langham   especially when you can get afternoon tea , a cocktail , a glass of wine etc in the club floor lounge at the langham for free . attentive staff without be     in your face    and a great location for mtr and star ferry . we use the limo service in from the airport which all go really well . the club rooms be spacious and the bed hugely comfortable . i will certainly stay here again

the bathroom be really luxury and the bed be comfortable besides,the location be just near shopping mall and subway , really convenient

we find the langham hotel a really pleasant , quiet and helpful hotel with the bestest buffet breakfast and seafood buffet we have ever have on our travels . we just can not believe how clean hong kong be , street , hotel , shop , even the fish market on the island . it be my birthday and when we get back from shopping they have leave a mousse cake for me along with candle , match , serviette , and fork    what a nice surprise

the hotel be in the best location close to the ferry to get to macau and shopping so much shopping . its only a quick taxi ride to the cheap lady market , goldfish , night market or a bus ride or train but taxi 's be cheap

we finish our holiday with   days at the langham hotel   it be just perfect in every way   the staff and service be second to none    they just couldnt do enough for us both       cant wait to stay there again and strongly advise anyone want just that little bit more take the club deal   it 's worth every cent  made our trip just that little be more memorable   thanks langham team

when i travel to hong kong , i usually stay at this hotel due to the proximity to everything at the tip of kowloon peninsula . the location be a five minutes walk to the mtr station . the hotel be also very close to the ocean terminal and its gigantic shopping mall . the rooms , however , need update and they be bit small . the service be wonderful . however , the internet service be very expensive by the business standard . the lobby do provide continental breakfast daily . overall , an elegant hotel that provide great amenity but it need something new to compete with the boutique hotel which be pop up in hk

the langham be such a beautiful hotel   very elegant . we upgrade from a deluxe room to a grand room and it be really worth it . we get a corner room with floor to ceiling windows and sweep view of the city outside . there be also a daybed next to the windows , which be very nice . quite a bit of space compare to a typical hong kong hotel room . we have a few friend over to hang out there comfortably without feeling cramp at all . the location of the hotel be also convenient well depend on what you 're there for . its connect to a mall , the mtr be right outside and the night market be just a quick stroll around the corner

i have stay at the langham twice this year , and would go back in a heartbeat . it be locate near the harbour , not too far from the star ferry terminal , near luxury shop , such as chanel and tiffany

great location and very helpful staff . if you book through a search engine you will get a far cheaper rate , maybe as low as ¬ £     night for the standard double room . the difference between standard rooms and deluxe be   gold plate taps and   piece of fruit

a wonderful experience from the minute you walk in the door until you leave . unbelievably friendly and welcome staff that take you to your room , demonstrate its appliance and continue respond to your query and need throughout your stay . even cleaning be so efficient , we be astound

my son and i decide at the last minute to go to hong kong for a break and to do some shopping . we be n't to sure if we have miss the sales but on arrival find that half the shop be still in full swing with their sales . i look on tripadvisor for a reasonably price hotel in the main drag for quick access to the shop because we be only stay four days and we be visit a couple of friend as well on hong kong island and macau . it be such a pleasant surprise to find this hotel be much more than it look like on the internet . we be treat so very special from the time we enter the hotel , take us up to our room and at any time day or night the service on the reception be excellent . they do so much for us and answer all our question and give us the best service you could ask for

this be simply an excellent   star hotel . service be impeccable , staff be very friendly and would always approach us to ask if we need help , advice , etc . rooms be great . location be close to the subway and ferries . the pool be great , although a bit small . our kid love it , after a long hot and humid day of sightseeing . the only downside be that the cleaning staff throw away some useful travel papers that we have brought .

this be the spot . great location in the busy hustle and bustle of the     real    hong kong .   minute walk to both mtr station and ferry terminal . easy to get everywhere . although we do not use the hotle 's eatery , they look great and other traveller be impressed . the best part though , after big days of sightsee and adventure we drag our tired body back to the hotel and as soon as we get to the entrance   peace wash over us . this would be one of the most quiet hotel i have ever stayued in . there for   night and never hear a peep from anywhere . i need a power adaptor at   be and the staff deliver within   minutes with a smile and no charge . excellent

i have have the pleasure to stay at the langham for business numerous times , and i always love it every time i am there . the rooms now update and renovate be gorgeous and modern , with antique traditional touch    very stylish . the staff be so friendly and accommodating . right when you walk in the hotel , you smell the gorgeous opulent fresh flower arrangement , no matter what season , it just reek of class . the restaurant be good , and the hotel be so conveniently locate that leave you near an abundance of restaurant in the area . it 's so convenient being right by the harbour city mall and the ferry . their lobby be nice to lounge in , and i love their fresh kiwi juice . this hotel be perfect for business as well as for pleasure

we book online and avail of their early bird promo   i ask for the classic room which be the cheapest one about hkd    

i stay here with my daughter for   night in april , and like it very much . we have book a deluxe room , and on arrival be give an upgrade to a grand room , which be very nice , but i be startle at how small this upgrade room be , though my daughter assure me that hotel rooms in hong kong be always small . the bed be exceedingly comfortable , and food and service be excellent , though i do find the t'ang court rather gloomy . we both have wonderful massage in the spa

lovely hotel in luxurious decor . we pay for   night and get   more for free and be amaze by the value

this be a very smart hotel , with a stunning marble lobby and a brilliant location   just metre from harbour city shopping mall , shop and services of tsim sha tsui or the star ferry terminal . the rooms themselves be on the small side   but that seem common in big city like hong kong . the bed be superb and the pillow very comfortable . there 's a very nice marble bathroom with separate tub and shower . we try to use the pool but it have be close on that day due to a typhoon warning . we do eat several times in the american style deli downstairs , which have superb us style breakfasts . food in hong kong be a big highlight ! staff in the lobby be very business like and helpful . overall a very efficient and pleasant hotel

after travel europe for six week and rest in hong kong for a few days before head home , we be grateful for a memorable end to our holiday

this be a gem ! i travel to hk often and have stay in many of the better kowloon hotel shangri la , renaissance , sheraton , marco polo , royal garden and the langham be fabulous . upon check in the receptionist escort me to my room to make sure i be satisfy and to show me the light , safe , etc . the rooms be large by hk standard and the bathroom and shower be excellent . the light in the room be excellent for reading or working . buffet breakfast be a little expensive but outstanding food and variety . health club small but ok and rooftop pool relax

staff be perfect . food be good . location be very good though kowloon be so small , most location be convenient . business center be another nickel and dimer , but adequate . rooms be well appointed and classy . love the overall experience here . fun rooftop pool and great amenities . generally love everything

i will preface this by say that i travel a lot , be super picky about hotel and we also go to honk kong frequently . my wife be from there and we generally stay in hotel when visit her relatives . my hotel experience in hk have range from ‚ Ä ú okay ‚ Ä ù to ‚ Ä ú run away scream ‚ Ä ù

we stay at langham for a week before we go to china for the beijing olympics . i be a seasoned traveler and i be   month pregnant . the reservation desk spend significant amount of time to find the best accommodation for my need non smoking room  connect rooms  acupuncture and massage treatment at the spa   etc and then help me to configure the best possible discount package available . they even cancel a previous book when a new discount offer become available . they suggest a new book with daily brunch at about the same price  which save my grace with my in laws ' particular need , for them be the second time out of the u .s . and quite a bit on the older side , so they prefer western diet and relative convenience even on the road . the brunch also offer a good mix of western and oriental recipe for someone like me who live half of my life in hong kong and another half in the u .s . the room be small but it be expect if you know anything about the value of real estate in hong kong as well as its population density . i be pleasantly surprise by the amenities provide and i like the design of its bathroom it be pretty big and sexy . good size tv screen for watch the olympic open ceremony . i do n't get a chance to try the roof top swim pool but learn that the chlorine level be sufficient but low enough for a pregnant lady to swim in . i would like it better if the business center have more extensive services . i also like its location because i know it be easy to get to the subway , ferry , taxi and minivans . it be within walk distance to major shopping site and good local eateries . for all its worth  my in laws find stay in this hotel the best travel experience during our month long trip in china . by the way , the sculpture within the hotel be humorous and worth see

just return from accomanying my partner on a business trip . we choose to stay here for   night to experience a bit of kowloon before stay on the main island for the work week . have arrive before my partner i be very warmly welcome and whisk off to my room , no problem in me arrive before him and not have a card to put against the room etc  very understanding . although i be tell the room have be upgrade it be actually the room we have booked but there be a fab view of the nathen road designer shop ! beware the pool be quite small and not much sun on it but the gym be very spacious more then you would expect from a hotel . the best thing about the langham be the location and the rooms . the bed be huge , as be the tv ! the room be just sooo comforable . the hotel be also ideal for sightseeing    min walk from the star ferrry and the mtr . there be also tonne of nice little eatery near by , if you want to eat somewhere with the best view try a restaurant call aqua google it do italian and japanesse food and be   min from the hotel . make sure you book online for a window seat at the weekend in advance

we arrive at the langham in kowloon for our first stop on our honeymoon . i ask the lady at reception whether it be possible , give that it be our honeymoon and the hotel be not busy , for us to have an upgrade . she say that she not want to spoil the surprise but yes , we have be upgraded . we be very excited . however , when she check us into our room , she check us into the room that i have already book and pay for . the     upgrade    she be refer to be a bottle of sparkle wine that be in our room . most odd and very dissapointing

a brilliant place to stay in hong kong

this be a great place if you know what asian hospitality be all about . the club floor rooms and the lounge offer stunning view of the city

my wife and i spend   night at this hotel and would not hesitate to recommend this to anyone . the hotel itself be very well furnish , clean , luxurious with top class facilities . ok , so be many hotel in hong kong . but there be   main things that make this hotel stand out amoung the rest .   the location be superb . right in the middle of tst , within easy walk distance of mtr , star ferry , nathan road , art museum etc   etc   and all the main attraction that the tip of kowloon have to offer . and   the staff at this hotel be incredible . friendly , understanding not go into that one in too much detail , helpful and will do anything to assist you in any way they can . in addition you have all the add little extra     free water in the room , a daily weather report for the next days planning , daily room cleaning that be all day for you lazy people like me , good tv channels , tea coffee and kettle , iron and board , turn down service in the evening , a good bar with live music mild jazz ,     i could go on for ever       but wo n't

this hotel be very luxurious , and the service be second to none . i would unhesitatingly and unreservedly recommend it to anyone . it be an oasis of calm in the madness that be hong kong , yet only a few minutes walk away from mtr station , star ferry , nathan road , harbour city etc . excellent restaurant nearby . we do n't eat in the hotel , but if you like michelin star food and be willing to pay the price ! i be sure it would be wonderful . search for a good deal , and stay at the langham

right in the heart of tst , short walk to every transportation mean , rooms be clean and well appoint , also very quiet that be rare in hong kong , we be on   floor , that might help too . the chinese restaurant be top notch , the service just excellent , will be our top choice of stay next time

we have just return from hong kong stay   night at the langham hotel hongkong . the hotel staff from start to finish be professional , friendly and be always willing to go the extra mile . the hotel itself be beautiful , with rooms that be well appoint and very comfortable . we upgrade to the club lounge which be fantastic with breakfast , afternoon tea and drink and canape from     include in the tarrif . the location be in peking street which be the gateway to the hgh end retail store , with mall easily accessible . it be also very close to both the mtr and star ferry terminals . i would definitely stay in this hotel again and would highly recommend it to future traveller

the hotel be so luxurious that all the tiredness of the day at business conference go like a 'woof ' out of the window  

from enter to leave the hotel i could n't find a fault . upgrade to the club be brilliant . we take advantage of the free laundry and have spend the previous two week in china , we go home with clean washing . the food be delicious and the service great , always with a smile

we just return from stay at the langham for   nights . we have   child , so be unable to stay in the new renovate rooms my only complaint ! , but stay in a deluxe room with city views . the view be n't spectacular you ca n't see the harbour , however the rooms be quite nice . a bit date , but definitely very clean and you could tell you be stay in a   star hotel . staff be very helpful and friendly . i would highly recommend this hotel

we stay at the langham tsim sha tsui for   night with our   mo old daughter . i choose because others say it be family friendly and have airport transportation . it be a wonderful hotel with an attentive staff , but i would not call it a family orient hotel . it be clearly an upper scale business hotel that will also appeal to the well healed tourist or the couple on a romantic getaway . also , the airport transportation be not complimentary . still , the hotel be very comfortable , and the staff be very accomodating to our needs . i would heartily recommend this hotel to the business traveller or to a honeymoon couple , but not to the casual tourist with a family . by the way , the breakfast buffet be worth every cent    absolutely delicious

from the mercedes ride from the airport to the location all be wonderful . the staff be everywhere and so helpful . the langham club seem an unecessary expense at first , but we opt for it at check in . what a deal ! free breakfast , free afternoon tea   free happy hour drink and food several night we make dinner out of it . free local call , computer time and dry cleaning . we love it and meet people from all over the world in the club . it be hard to understand the negative reports . this be a first class place

just back from   night stay at the langham hotel kowloon . we choose this hotel over the langham place in mong kok purely on the basis of location and i think we choose well

slightly surprise by the negatuve reviews . great location on kowloon , less than   minutes walk from nathan road and star ferry terminus . the hotel , its staff and the rooms ooze understate , relax luxury . highly recommend

january   ,

this be our second stay at the hotel in   years ! we be impress the first time and have to come back

i book a suite for     through lead hotel of the world , who offer an upgrade 'if available' . we be show a very well worn , very tiny suite , with corn chips all over the carpet . no upgrade be available

we stay here on a stopover to thailand . i ca n't recommend this hotel enough . it truly be   star in every sense of the word . on arrive check in be quick and easy . the room we have be amazing . we eat at the hotel restaurant and again amazing . we only stay for one night but wish we have stay longer

i stay at the langham for two night at the end of a ten day around the world business trip . it be a great way to end the trip ! the hotel staff be wonderful . the room be extremely modern and comfortable . the internet connection be strong and reliable . the buffet style breakfast in the morning have a large variety of food   fresh and hot . the location could not have be better . within walk distance of the ferry station and the aqua restaurant in the building directly across the street have wonderful night time view of the harbour

stay en route to perth wa for   night   october

this be my   time stay at the langham hk . i really like all of the brand change that they made . anything with the langham logo be now pink with gold . love it . the quality of service be just the same as before   perfect ! check in out be easy , the breakfast buffet be delicious , my room be excellent   i be very happy to stay here again for work . i do n't have one thing to complain about . i hear from many people that they could here construction noise , but that 's only during the day   i be work during that time so it do not phase me . the front desk be very helpful with suggestion for direction and where to sight see . the location be good for business and for tourist because it 's close to everything . i look forward to stay there again in the spring

nearly a year since stay on the club floor of the langham , we still reflect on how wonderful our week in the hotel was . it be the perfect base for explore hong kong and , combine with stay on the club floor , be the pinnacle of comfort . right from check in we be treat like very special guest , provide with complimentary food , drink and laundery throughout the day . the staff we wonderful and very personable . we would n't stay anywhere else and ca n't wait to return where we will gladly pay the premium for the club floor experience

stay for   night in july   as the final part of a   month world trip . everything about this hotel be excellent . we book a suite and have complimentary club membership . the club facility be first class with excellent service and friendly staff who make us feel very welcome . it 's in a top location for those who enjoy shopping . lots of top end store and a short taxi ride to the lady market   cost of taxi about   hkd from the hotel . the pool and gym area be first class and we feel totally pampered . would definately recommend to others

really not all it be crack up to be . overall the rooms be average but the problem upon check in for me   may   be that the building noise be terrible . the entire hotel seem to be undergo extensive rebuilding . of course , this be n't communicate in advance so i complain and be move   times , eventually end up in a suite , which be great except for the fact that it be a very smell smoking room . the only alternative offer be a move to another hotel , which i could n't do as i be meeting colleague for meetings . noise be bad in the day time but otherwise hotel services be very good . without sound like     who eat all the pies    the breakfast be fab

i go to hong kong regularly on business and would prefer to stay on hk island . however the mandarin oriental , four season etc be now extremely expensive . a quick hop over the water by star ferry or mtr bring you to the langham

i have stay at the langham hotel several times during trip to hong kong . the location be n't bad if you like shopping at boutique or can afford to blow tons of money on name brands . it 's also right across the street from the famous     no .   peking road    which use to be     park n ' shop    about   years ago . i do like how it be a little off the main street which be fill with mall so you can get away from the large crowd of shopper

i travel with two girlfriend and all of us stay in the same room and we still have room for walk around . that be wonderful for hong kong hotel . great service and the location be great . shop and dining be all around . i will go back for sure

just in case you do not realise this   the langham hotel be a different category to the langham place hotel . the former be a tired   + star tourist property , low rise from the   or thereabouts . the langham place hotel on the other hand be a modern   star business and tourism hotel directly above the mong kok subway station

this be one of the absolute best hotel i have ever have the joy to visit

the best hotel ever

stay a total of   night at the langham and find everything about the hotel excellent . check out the ny deli as the food be excellent and there be even a picture of anthony bourdain for those familiar of his show eat at the restaurant . my server be actually in the picture . also have dinner at the t'ang court and the meal be good there as well . the location be convenient to the ferry and the metro . the view from the hotel be not good , but all one need to do be take a short walk to the waterfront to see mainland hong kong at night . the reservation people at the hotel be great also . i would stay at the langham again

immaculate , well place hotel with the best of everything within reach . the room have cleverly place mirror to add a feeling of spaciousness , and the design in general contribute to a lay back , classy atmosphere

the hotel be eveything i expect from website . we pay extra for the club facility we find them excellent . the staff be very friendly and helpful . the hotel be in an ideal position for local transport to get to the site yourself . the shopping be fantastic . i would recommend go on an organise trip to the racecourse we do sha tin and happey valley they be very good value . the people of hong kong be helpful and friendly we would have love to have stay longer

i stay at the langham kowloon about   times a year between my travel to mainland china . i find this hotel to be one of the most comfortable and cleanest hotel i stay in world wide . the hotel staff be attentive but not overly attentive . the hotel be not new but the facility be in perfect shape . langham be within easy walk distance to china hong kong city , star ferry , mtr and nathan road . i highly recommend this hotel to any business or tourist traveler

a bit tired looking . great location though . i will stay in the langham place in mongkok even though the location be not as

we have just come back from a trip to hong kong . my husband always stay there when he travel for work and it work very well for our holiday too

langhams be in central kowloon near the harbour shopping area and   minutes walk from the ferry to the island

we stay at the langham hotel twice during our last trip to hk

 great location

stay at the langham for   night in december   very comfortable luxury hotel . staff extremely heplful and friendly . very well place and easy to get to the star ferry . we have breakfast in our room on the first morning   it be well worth the   each  luxury ! would recommend this hotel and will stay there again ! first trip to hong kong but will return

we stay at the langham during the peak of the x'mas holiday season . be there with the whole family   we all agree that it 's a great hotel with the best location , shopping wise ! it 's right in between the harbour city shopping center and nathan rd . so its also very accessible . the best thing my husband and i notice about the hotel be their service  most of the hotel staff be very corteous and attentive   not very typical for hkers if you know what i mean . we also love their breakfast buffet ! selection be good plus they have the best homemade yogurt ever   to die for    p overall , i would recommend this hotel to everyone , especially those who like to be in the middle of the bustle city that be hk

the good point about the hotel be its location     room size . the deco be loud verge on rediculous . the lobby have gold paint everywhere , i guess it pemper to the local mainland chinese clientel taste not very classy

excellent location to

beautiful , luxurious hotel . deserve every great review it get     its place as the only hong kong hotel in     lead hotel of the world    . fabulous refurbish rooms with luxury marble bathroom , great light , all the high tech stuff you could want . great staff on reception , happy to help with sightsee advice ,     uniform porter to open the door , park car etc . everyone so friendly     able to make every guest seem special . wonderful bar with excellent singer     pianist     superb service . only a shame that some guest do n't see fit to dress for the occasion , but they do n't mind if you be a bit scruffy , just do n't seem right in this atmosphere somehow

stay at one of their brand new grand langham rooms from dec   to   rates be cheaper then hkd   per night + tax because of the promo period . very , very nice room but on the small side . concierge be very helpful in make restaurant recommendation and reservations . location be fantastic as it be right on peking road with all the designer boutique as well as the harbour city shopping center just a few steps away

staff friendly , rooms very clean   arrive to be tell 'we will upgrade you ' excellent news   breakfast excellent   service thoughout couldnt be faulted . credit to staff

i book this hotel directly have find out that hotels com would charge me     more . be aware of these people . i book a superior room and this have twin bed double actually and this be very elegant and superior to any   * hotel i have stay in , in europe . the room be on the   floor with a view across to the peak . room facility     service be superb . throughout the hotel the staff be friendly , polite and helpful . tip be unecessary as all services carry a     service charge . we try all the six source of food in the hotel and they be without exception , excellent . i can not understand why anyone would give this hotel a poor review . i read every trip advisor review that be available and be glad that i be aware of what to expect . everyone who review do so for a reason and mine be to say that i would recommend this hotel to everyone,except those on a budget as this be a luxury hotel . the internet service be relatively expensive but i find plenty of free wi fi hot spots include some from my hotel and i be able to use my laptop widely . plenty of free toiletry , a bowl of fruit top up daily,free bottled water and two useful gift from customer services indicate to me that these people know what they be doing . above all visit their web site and the dozen or so other useful tourist web site and you will have as enjoyable time as we do

we stay one night here before head for taiwan next evening . can be access by the airport express shuttle at the kowloon station . pay     give a room on the club level , which include local call , daily laundry allowance , lounge access w buffet breakfast , evening drink and internet . the lounge be wifi ready and for those who do n't have a laptop , there be workstation available . rooms be smaller than expect but functional with lcd tv , marble bathroom w ample toiletry and electronic curtains . courteous     speedy check in     check out . request for   check out be n't a problem . lobby be in the small size which also contend with a lot of foot traffic in the busy tsim sha tsui . do n't expect to see the victoria harbor from here b c the hotel be block by other buildings . overall a good stay

stay at the langham hotel for   night at the end of november with my friend we have a great time and find the hotel to have a brilliant location in kowloon it be near the ferry pier and also next to all the shops it be a   star hotel and be worthy of this rating the rooms be a decent size with comfortable bed and big bathroom with large walk in showers we be provide with complimentary water and slippers they have all the christmas decoration up in the lobby which be really pretty aswell hotel itself be very clean and the staff be friendly it have a lovely roof top pool which be small but seem very adequate

love this hotel . great location    few block to the star ferry , near jade market and luxurious shopping ‚ Ä ¶ . make sure you upgrade to a renovate room    with marble bathroom , yummy bed sheet and beautiful wood . the hotel service be impeccable . the staff be personable and professional . the pool be on the top floor , which be a great escape from a busy day of sightsee and shopping . if you be tire of noodles   eat at their main street deli locate at street level . the langham offer luxury at the right price . they welcome us with champagne and chocolate covered strawberry ‚ Ä ì all to celebrate our honeymoon . we be usually very demand traveler always look for a great experience at the right price ‚ Ä ì but we love our stay and highly recommend this property

we choose to stay here for   night because of the review on your website and it do not disappoint . we have a standard room that be quite large with a chair and a sofa . the bathroom have a separate shower and large tub . service be prompt , elegant , and courteous . it be really well locate near the star ferry and yet seem like a quiet oasis compare to the peninsula and marco polo hotel that be noisy and too bustle

would recommend this hotel after stay on the executive floor for five night earlier this year . room be great and the lounge serve complimentary drink during the day with snack available pretty much throughout the day . staff be very friendly and helpful particularly katie and buta . the hotel 's location may put some off but it 's situate above an mrt station so its easy to travel all over hk from the hotel . the local area be also interesting to explore and as this be our   visit to hk it make a nice change . the executive floor be worth the extra cost . however , breakfast in the hotel restaurant have a better selection and be pretty impressive . the head chef be from glasgow so you be guarantee a good selection for breakfast and for once even the veggie selection be impressive

we stay two nights . i never hear of langham but see the high rating of the other langham . this be the best location in kowloon , right across the street from harbor mall and down from the star ferry . i book the least expensive room and it be one of the best rooms i'ved stayed . service be excellant hong kong style . even the buffet meal be a mark better than most restaurant entrees . beatiful roof top pool . only down be not many view

  time we stay at langham be in dec     be n't sure about it since we have always stay at a different hotel could n't stay there since it be fully book . it be actually a good thing   love the hotel . excellent rooms , great staff , love the location . after that first stay , we have never switch hotels . i highly recommend this hotel

i travel solo to hk for   night , book a room on the club floor , and be thrill with my upgrade to a spacious suite . the langham have the elegance of a fine british hotel sister property in london , with the asian service that you would expect in hong kong . my lr suite be fairly simple with couch , desk , and flat screen tv . bedroom be decent size , and the bathroom be wonderful with large shower and jacuzzi tub

i have stay here twice , once in   , and once in   both times i book a langham suite . fantastic hotel , fantastic service . and that really say something for a city fill with opulent   star hotel

this hotel be rate as   star somehow , and many people on this forum have say its great , so i would like to share my experience

the langham hotel in hong kong be wonderful hotel with excellent service . we feel compel to make sure we post our   review on tripadvisors because we be just so delight with the staff , service , and hotel amenities . we go to hong kong for both business and pleasure . the hotel be ideally for locate for both . it be super clean , well appoint , and comfortable ! please make sure you say hello to joseph in the dine room ! he greet us every morning with a warm hello and sincere interest in our day     stay ! he be exemplifies why the hotel service be top notch

i have stay in this hotel many times and find the staff to be extremely attentive . the customer service manager glenn be very helpful and considerate and i think that there be many loyal customer to this place

i can not not believe this happen in a lead hotel of the world . i be in the health club ask for a local newspaper . the staff call the concierge and the concierge staff bluntly say it be not available . he kick the problem back to the gym staff . i be very upset as i do not believe that newspaper be unavailable . i grab the phone and tell that concierge staff to bring me a copy from his manager 's office or outside kiosk before i make a complaint . finally i get a copy there be many newspaper kiosk just outside the hotel . what make me really upset be that that lazy concierge staff immediately call the gym staff to blame her for give him troubles . i be still nearby the phone and i find that very unpleasant . i talk to him again on the phone and he do not even apologize

room have see better days and smell of cigarrette smoke mean to be a non smoking room . pool not big either . that aside it be pretty reasonably price , food be good , well locate and service otherwise excellent

we stay at the langham for   night on our honeymoon , on our way to the south pacific

stay at the langham in may for   nights   friend of mine book a room for me as he recommend it . tell me that he stay here when he come to hong kong for business

i just return from hong kong , where i stay at the langham for   night

this be a great hotel to stay in . a trifle expensive , but a fabulous find . great location , nothing can beat the location . big clean rooms , helpful staff , especially the concierge . if you be look for a classy stay in hk , then this be it

we have just return from a four night stay in the langham hotel . it exceed our expectation in every respect . we have request an early check in follow a cruise , and our room be ready when we arrive at       am . we ask if any upgrade be available , and one be find even though a large rugby tournament be make all accommodation in the city difficult to book

i have stay twice at the langham now and both times i have decent size rooms with sit area in the bay type window . i be yet to get     great views    as some reviewer comment upon   all i seem to get be a view of the building opposite but a work colleague do stay here and she get a     glimpse    of the harbour so maybe i have be unlucky . you can not fault the quality and service in this hotel   comfortable bed and great toiletry in the bathroom . little things like   every day stock up of the ice bucket and fresh fruit on arrival mark this hotel as somewhere great to stay . but i think it be the location that be the best thing about this hotel   it be very close to the star ferry and also to mtr and of course shop and restaurant around kowloon . internet access be pretty pricey but there be a very nice business centre and the staff cant be more helpful . oh yes   and there be a complimentary     breakfast    spread in reception every morning . just coffee tea , pastry etc but really nicely present and just the thing for a quick bite whilst wait for colleague to arrive

we absolutely love the langham ! from check in in the gorgeous reception area it be superb . we have a great room with really good view , staff be amazing , location perfect , and price extremely reasonable

hotel be very well located . it be in a wide shopping district where you can reach lv , gucci , miu miu etc . in couple of minutes

i stay at the langham hotel from   jan to   jan   in a deluxe room

we stay at langham hotel for six days and it exceed all our expectations . the room be excellent   we ask for one higher in the building to avoid road noise , and be place near the top in a very spacious room . the room be clean and the daily service be exemplary   the bathroom be luxurious and have both a stand alone shower and a bath . bed and pillow be comfortable and spare blanket be provide

i have a wonderful   night stay here during mid august which be just a pleasure . the staff be so attentive and genuine in their effort to delight , especially the staff in the langham club . the pool , whilst on the smaller side compare to other international hotel , have everything one could need and well shelter from the elements . the location be just perfect in the middle of tsim sha tsui shopping ,   min walk to mtr and   min walk to star ferry . i do find the main st . deli a bit over priced , and lack that certain something special the rest of the hotel provided . but essentially what the hotel lack in hong kong view it make up for in service and comfort

i stay at this hotel for   night and i be very satisfied . hotel and rooms be very nice   elegant and very clean . they have good air condition not noisy . as the hotel be locate within some other big building you don ¬ ¥ t have a view from the room window , but we didn ¬ ¥ t mind . stuff be very helpful and friendly . the location be very good too   just very close to shopping mall , restaurant the famous peninsula hotel with its felix bar be only   min . walk away and also close to the ferry to hongkong island . we dind ¬ ¥ t have breakfast there   but starbucks etc . be nearby  

we stay a night here in july   after have a not too great experience at the harbour plaza also review

my three night stay at the langham hotel hong kong be one of the best hotel stay that i experience in my over   years of travel to hong kong . i haven   t come across a hotel that have such wonderful and friendly staff through out the whole building . the friendly doorman , the attentive maid who do such a perfect job , the charming staff at the executive club lounge be just too good to be true . the concierge team carry an energetic yet informative manner , and nothing be too troublesome for them to assist

ok , stay here for   night

decieded to make the choice from the other feedback on this site . we up grade to a suite on the top floor which probably make all the difference . a spa for two be inluded . room be very modern and quite nice . pool be perfect . service   excellent . spa be perfect as well . decent hotel gym . club floor food and snack be well done . location be part of a very modern clean mall

super hotel , staff pleasant and attentive . rooms whilst not state of the art , calm , spacious and well maintained . memeber of lhw and it shows . we book through ba website who have best rate in janunary and pay less than a london travelinn . would return , more than i can say for our branson flight

i be try to restrive my reservation from the hotel web site about   days before the check in date , but i could n't . the message from the server keep say that my reservation do n't exist . i read again the policy state in the e mail of reservation send and i discover a statement say that the guest should pre registered before   hours or the reservation be cancelled . on the book it be guarantee with my credit card but reading that statement assure me that my reservation could have be cancel automatically since the system could n't find out my reservation . i be tell that langham palace be a newer sister hotel of the same group and so i make another reservation with langham palace . guess what ? a day after the stay there be an e mail from the sales manager from langham hotel not the langham palace say they charge me for one night penalty . it 's a complete scam and i ca n't believe after talk to her that she be still convince that i should have cancel my reservation firt , but how to cancel since the web site say it do n't exist . i would ask my amex investigation department for not pay the charge since it be completely the problem of the hotel reservation system . so for you out there , before make the internet reservation , beware ! internet transaction in asia and especially from the local group company be not that stable like in global hotel chains such as marriott , starwood or hyatt . i learnt my hard lesson and i definitely wo n't stay in langham again . it 's a pity since i love the room in langham palace but recall the trouble i have in the hotel , it just bring unhappily memory

