we stay twice within   days in this hotel during christmas time . the first two night we book harbour view rooms . view be excellent . everything else go alright

wasnt sure what to expect , read some mix review , but not disappoint at all . staff be helpful and plenty of them ! and rooms be compact but pleseant . my partner love to spend   min sit admire the harbour view while wait for me to get a move on . we get the hotel shuttle bus from the airport , but as we have to wait around for it , then we be last drop off , it take   hr and next time would just get the mtr airport express to central and jump a cab   much quicker and no more expensive cheaper if a few be sharing a taxi . the airport express train be fantastic , check in your luggage at the train station on your way home for hassle free travel    why cant we have this service in other major city ? ? ? wan chai mtr be about   min walk away , but there be a few different route to try out and different enterances , so try a different one each time to vary your route and see the local shops  pub etc . star ferry be   min away , and the bus to stanley be just round the back of the hotel , on main rd   min walk away and bus go to other destination from here as its a main wan chai stop . do buy an octopus card at the mtr station as its so much easier than route round for change , the public transport be very cheap and your money seem to go a long way   use it on the ferry and bus too . breakfast be quite good , but next time i would go room only and buy locally to save some cash . only   disappointment , firstly the cost of internet access surley this should be a standard free service now in hotel ? ? at least in the public area and secondly there be no bar to meet for drink , which consider the fab view seem a shame and a miss opportunity as couldnt find any other local bars which make the most of the view . overall would recommend , and we pay much less than be quote for any of the top   hotel on trip advisor , so decent value too

  minutes walk from the train station and a bunch of restaurants . very clean , tasteful rooms . pretty large by hong kong standards . if they have free internet access , i 'd have rate them   stars . i have to pay   per day for internet access

friendly reception and comfortable room , well service every day . breakfast be excellent , with a good variety of offerings . concierge be especially helpful . this hotel be well place for travel , with easy access to public transportation as well as the many pedestrian walkway around hong kong

this be the third time i have visit hk and as compare with the previous two hotel which i have stay in  ymca salisbury and metropark mongkok , the location wise be not so fantastic . reason be you will need to take about   walk to the mtr . but it be good in the sense that if you want somewhere peaceful and away from the bustle life then this hotel be good . my sleep be not interrupt at all , usually i would easily get waken up by noise . you cant hear anything next door except when someone close the door

service be excellant,would recommend and would stay there again , which we will be doing . great location,good value for

our flight arrive early morning and take the shuttle to the hotel . hotel reception be friendly and accomodating , they let us leave our luggage at the lobby for the check in still at   i be please as we enter the room  its cozy and relax just what we need after a days of walk around hk . i love the rain shower and the water pressure and hot    cold mixer be pretty good one thing i like about the hotel be the location . as you step out of the hotel its not crowd and wanchai mtr be just   min walk thru the footbridge . it be just across hk convention center and hyatt hotel . i could simply say its a great value for your money

just come back from hong kong , where we stay for   days at the harbourview . we choose this hotel for   reason       because it be right across the street from the convention center in wanchai district where my husband be go to be work all week       because of the price . there be many other hotel at much higher rates but this one do the job perfectly fine for us . this hotel be rate a   star which it is . no frill or pizzaz but what they lack in frill they more than make up for it in service . outstanding service throughout our whole stay there . the room we have be on the   floor with a harbour view . worth ask for . although you do n't normally spend lots of time in the hotel room it be really nice to have the view when wake up in the morning or come back at night . where else will you get those view

not a good hotel . the rooms be small and the bathroom minute . no bath only a shower . the single bed be also small and the room smells . the view be terrible around the back of the hotel and the airconditioning unit be noisy all night . i ask for a late check out to   and have to pay an extra   hk dollar and the guy on reception be rude . the fuse in the room go and the tv just switch itself off . oh and there be no bar in the hotel after   ! !

we stay at this hotel for   days , and this hotel be worth pay ! the location be superb ! the view face victoria harbor be fantastic and very quiet at night , far from busy buzz hong kong night life

we stay several night here while explore hk with our   year old . the double room with harbour view be not huge but perfectly large enough for the   of us and our boy sleep on a roll away bed that we push up against the window and he soon go to sleep while watch the boat light move on the river below . we spend a greaqt deal of time spot star ferry

the hotel be well position for the star ferry over to kowloon , which be noisy and touristy down nathan road etc . pretty harbour view , but the light be better from kowloon side . the staff be professional and helpful . the hotel style be adequate but dated . musty smell of age carpet throughout the hotel public areas . very good power shower . feel herd like cattle in the buffet breakfast . very busy during the week due to event at the conference centre . nowhere to hang out during the day as the restaurant be like an empty conference room during the day , but there be a nice cafe at the arts centre next door where you can also book ticket to events . get an octopus card   make life much easier  

clean , great view , good location on hong kong island   wanchai area .   minutes from mtr

we stay at harbourview hotel between jul     aug   ,   at  

this hotel be simply fantastic . it 's worth pay the little extra to get a premier room which overlook the harbour . the view be stunning and infinitely better than some of the big chains on hong kong island . brilliant location . spotlessly clean

all the other review about this place be correct and very helpful in decide to stay here . we take the   bus from the airport and get off at the hong kong academy of perform arts . the hotel be a short walk behind the academy check the free map at the airport  the harbourview be mark on it . if you be go to use the airport express , there be a free shuttle bus to the convention centre which be a   min walk from this hotel

a   star basic but adequate hotel with small and clean rooms , very hard bed , great harbour view if you pay extra   , and well locate for the hk convention     expo centre , just a short way across the road . if you be on a budget , this be great . if you be willing to walk   minutes to public transport , this be great but taxis readily available . our trip be spoil by   noisy relate family across the hall who have no manners and have kid and parent yell at each other until past midnite    par for the course as cheap hotel attract 'cheap ' clientele as well . beware   twin rooms have   single beds   and the bed be short and will not suit anybody over     . do n't bother try to sneak extra kid or people in one room   the checkin staff be very diligent and notice how many people be in each room ! rooms be too small than for   people anyway

pay about hkd   via wotif booking . small room , but clean . plastic cover on lift door change hourly . germicide spray for our hands in many locatons . unobtrusive service

do n't confuse the harbourview with the renaissance harbourview which be only two block away . the cab driver may take you there unless you tell him that it 's the harbourview ,   harbour road that you 're after . the renaissance be definitely a   star hotel so you might feel a little let down if you see that one first

the harbourview be the best value hotel i find after trawl the internet for hk hotel , with good location and great view . we arrive at hk airport get straight on the train to hong kong station and then get a taxi to the hotel know to taxi driver as the ymca harbourview . the taxi be less than Â £   , it be n't very far , but we have a couple of bags . i think the first thing that strike us be the sheer number of staff in the lobby alone , we be meet by the porter before the taxi have even stop ! checkin be smooth and the staff be very friendly . we have book a standard harbour view room , the room itself be large enough for us , with a double bed , desk and a chair and table and chair . the bathroom be clean , it do n't have a bath , but it do have a lovely large shower , which have a large fix circular shower head and a separate detachable shower head which be just what be need after a   hour flight

we stay at the harbourview for four night and really enjoy ourselves , our room , the neighbourhood , helpful staff and everything . we have absolutely no complaint at all . the hotel be list as part of the qantas airline holiday package and we have a choice of hotels . we choose the harbourview because we want to stay on hong kong island and have a habour view . the view from our room be great and we never tired of look at the ever change scene by day and night . the park opposite the hotel be also attractive to look at and we be interested in the local do their daily exercise there

my fiance and i book this hotel mainly for the location , price and the proximity to public transportation . it be a   minute walk to pacific place , one of the major mall on the hong kong side , and within a   minute walk to the mtr , ferry and bus stations . our view be horrible , we be face a parking garage and an office building , but we specifically ask for a non harbor view room for the price , so we do n't really mind . we just keep the curtain close all day , which do n't matter because we be never there during the day anyway . the staff be very helpful and knowledgeable , they provide you with a map and give you direction and other information whenever you need it . if you 're look for a hotel in a central location , close to all form of public transportation and helpful staff , all for a reasonable price , i 'd highly suggest this hotel

during our stay at this hotel there be extensive construction be do on the floor just below us , but it do not bother us at all since it be take place during the day while we be out sightseeing . upon our arrival we be tell that the hotel be upgrade us to a harbor view room to compensate for the fact that we be stay during the renovation and have not be fore warned

i guess find good value accomodation in hong kong be difficult . i think i be go to find it in this ymca run place but be pretty disappointed . there be loud construction from   to   , surprise ! the view be half obscure even though we splurge on the premier harbourview room . the location 's alright , the room be satisfactory but i would n't stay here , or even in wanchai again . head somewhere else , stanford hillview , and even the ramada in kennedy town be better

need a clean place to stay in hong kong for a few night at a reasonable price . find that i could book this hotel on hoteltravel com for     a night half the price of go direct to the hotel ! . hotel be good   small rooms but it have all the facility you need and have recently be remodelled . hotel do not offer free internet service but there be cafe 's nearby that you can use by buy a coffee . location be a bit out of the way   it 's about a   minute walk along overhead walkway to the nearest mtr station . however , it be not too far to walk to sights in central or the star ferry . there be also a bus that stop in front of the hotel bus     that will take you to central station for   dollar

we have a 'harbour view ' superior twin which cost around   hkd per night   pretty cheap for hk as far as i can see . the reception staff be very polite and helpful on our arrival and throughout our stay , there be always plenty of people on hand at the front desk to offer advice , book taxis etc . the room be cleanish do n't want to look too hard if you know what i mean ? ! the bathroom date but v clean and the public area spotless although a lttle drab . i would stay again as the harbourview provide safe , quiet accomodation for   female traveller in a fantastic location . if you could spend a little more then maybe the renaissance round the corner would be a better bet . i have also stay in the novotel wan chai and would say that it be better than the harbourview . just ok but no real complaint

this hotel , which have some affiliation with the ymca , be comfortable . the room be a bit small , but its location be very good . the room also have a very good view of the harbour . it serve as a good place to spend a couple of days between flight from the us and cambodia

i have recently return from hk , after stay in this hotel . it be a great hotel in a good location . the room price be also good . i stay in a refurbish harbour view room the best they have on the   floor and the cost be only   hkd per night plus tax service charge . it be only a   minute walk from the conference centre and roughly the same to lockhart road , the entertainment area of wan chai

very good location , very comfortable room , very polite staff .

i totally enjoy my stay at harbourview international house   first of all , because of it 's location   you 'll feel like your just in the middle of everywhere     we walk to fro causeway bay , pacific plaza     it 's just near everywhere   the rooms be elegant   though just short of a bathtub standard room and i not mind just to stay in my room     watch hongkong drama serial during the nights   if i be to go to hk again , i 'll definitely head there for my stay   cheer

stay one night last week . have previously stay in kowloon but all the budget option there be sell out so i go with this one

i go to the annual hong kong book fair last week and stay there for   night . i book through hotelclub and it cost me just usd     i be from macau and kinda familiar with hong kong , and i really think that i get a good deal this time

i stay at the harbour view for   night in may   , and all up i be very pleased . i 'd search long and hard for a reasonably price hotel in a good location , and the harbourview be certainly the best option

be refer to harbour view by someone who have live in hong kong . do n't realise it be a ymca until after i have book however base on the review here i have booked . have low expectation but be suprised

this be definitely a hotel with   personalities . all the rooms be the same small size smallest i have have in hk   maybe i have be lucky up till now but the     standard    rooms be tire and worn out where as the     premier    rooms have be renovate in the last few years . it seem that the rooms up to the   or   floor be the one that have n't be renovate recently and as i say be quite grubby scuff wallpaper , stain worn carpet , threadbare furniture , poorly set out tiny plastic bathroom which require you to step up and over approx     into the shower bath etc ie . generally worn out and have less facility that the     premier    rooms eg . no in room safe . all rooms type i experience have the same rock hard bed often find in budget hotels . not a problem for me but may be an issue for others

i trawl long and hard through tripadvisor before book the harbour view international house . everything else that look decent or have a harbour view be at least twice the price but boy be i glad i pick this gem . staff be lovely , really attentive . room be everything you need   smart , clean , good shower , complimentary toiletry etc , modern , harbour view , coffee tea make facility , complimentary bottled water , flat screen tv with bbc , cnn etc   actually beyond what you get in a lot of   star place i know , in kyoto the   * hotel granvia which be twice the price and have the surliest receptionist ever have the cheek to charge for the tea coffee facilites in the room   who do that ? . approx .   walk from either star ferry terminal which work out very handy for us . all in all a great little find at half the price

this be a small hotel , locate near the convention center in central and by walk distance to the mtr

we stay for   night at this hotel and find not only the price good value for money but the staff and room great too

this hotel be part of the ymca group and be about   minutes walk from the underground train station and star ferry

stay here for two night this past weekend and think it be a good value for the price . they upgrade me which also helped . the hotel be very close to the mtr as well as the wan chai star ferry . ~   min walk to

i be visit hk exhibition hall and stayer in this hotel . very clean and secure . if you go for exhibition , this hotel be three miutes walk . do not miss the breakfast , as much as u can eat

we pay hk     for a room night with an extra bed thru the hkia hotel agent . i think that it be pretty expensive for the hotel rating of   star as indicate in trip advisor hotel rating but later i realise that it 's worth it

i recently stay at the harbourview international house for   night

i stay here for   night although plan for   nights . leave on an earlier flight and the staff be excellent about it . the rooms be small , but to be expect in asian countries . it be a very nice room . it be clean and comfotable . they upgrade my room for free because my husband be to arrive the next day . they send a baby bed and extra bed for my two kid within   minutes of arrive for no charge . the concierge and reception be always exceptionally friendly and helpful . it be locate in a very convenient locale and i have a great view of the harbor . the ferry to kowloon be a   minute walk as well as the admirality train station . i would definitely stay here again ! !

i have be to hong kong   years ago and stay in the dread chungking mansions . so , for this trip have a bit of a dilemma about where to stay   kowloon or on the island . however , after look at lots of hotel   on the kowloon and hong kong island side , we eventually choose the harbour view international house . what a great choice ! we have a premium harbour view room   which have a huge window look out over hong kong harbour   particularly spectacular at night . we would come back after dinner and have a glass of wine in our room , admire the view ! the hotel be clean and very efficiently run   with army of staff to greet you in the reception ! free safe both in the room and behind reception be available . also   a good size bathroom as many have complain about small bathroom in hk . we get a good rate book through expedia

we my girlfriend and i stay one week and be happy of the choice . sure one choice to be repeat have we to go back to hk

it be our first visit to hong kong and we choose harbour view international base on predominantly positive review on tripadvisor .com . use rates to go , we make a reasonably price reservation   night stay in a standard room with daily breakfast for  

stay   night and have wonderful experience . great location . nice and quiet , with taxi stand nearby , bus stop a block away , and wan chai mtr a moderate walk . i like the buffet breakfast . staff very friendly and polite . tour desk help me and give great advice for my day trip to shenzhen . hotel desk handle my reservation and hotellink shuttle with no problem . rooms very clean . bed be kind of stiff and small but the comforter be the most comfortable i ever had . sort of like the one use at sofitel hotels . if i stay on hong kong island again i will use this hotel again . i recommend it to anyone

first timer in hong kong so do n't really know what to expect . this hotel seem very reasonably price consider it be on hong kong island itself and near the convention centre as well . i pay in advance and my room cost about Â £   a night . i would imagine it be lot more expensive when there be a big convention on . the room be a bit on the small side but nicely furnish and have a good view over the harbour . quite well locate for the wan chai mtr station , though i would have say it be nearer   min walk . do n't use the restaurant so ca n't comment . staff be very efficient and friendly . overall , an excellent experience and i would certainly recommend

have never be to hong kong before i be abit on edge about what we be let ourselves in for . we arrive at the airport an catch the express train to central which be clean and very quick . from then we get a taxi to the hotel which cost us   hong kong dollars . upon arrive the staff be extremly friendly and upgrade our room . a porter help us with our luggage

i stay   nite alone in the deluxe room . it be a pleasant surprise , as the room be clean and new , with lcd tv . however , the bed be a bit too hard . as i have a late flight , the hotel give me a late check out at   pm

after a horrible experience with the regal hotel also in hong kong this hotel be a complete oasis of hospitality , friendlyness , service and good food for me . friendly and helpful staff , a good check in and checkout process without hassle and money hungry clerk that demand a bloody fortune as     security deposit    in cash , clean nice rooms , with quite a couple of rooms offering a great view of the harbour . they have smoking rooms too if you like one . much of the hotel be be renovate so everything be new , clean , and tastefully decorated . nice lcd tv 's too . the staff be professional , friendly , service minded and clearly understands the concept of hospitality and service perfectly . as someone who travel weekly and have see literally hundred of hotel over the years , i can only highly recommend this no hassle , no fuss , high quality hotel

book hotel when we arrive at hong kong airport , seem good value for money , friendly staff when we arrive ask for harbour view which be ok . room be small and bathroom even smaller , the bed where the bigest problem very very hard make it difficult to sleep . no tea or coffee but a kettle be provided . no hairdryer in the room have to call housekeep everyday request it , apart from all that the room be clean . not think i would stay there again because of the bed and it be quite noisy with different people in the corridor all night

i stay here for a week on business as my company be exhibit at the hong kong conference and exhibition centre,which be a   minute walk opposite the hotel

i stay at this hotel because the ymca have a reputation for run good hotel , and also because of its location   it 's overlook the harbour and be only about   minutes walk from one of the star ferry terminal the one at wan chai , where you can catch the ferry across to kowloon side and about the same distance from a lively area with nightclub , girlie bars , convenience store , and great place to grab a quick asian take away , or catch the mtr subway . it 's quite a good location from which to travel around hong kong because of its proximity to the ferry , mtr and major bus route , and this be the main advantage of this hotel . that say , it 's not in the centre of things   if you want that it 's probably better to head for the kowloon side nathan road area   tsim sha tsui to mong kok or central if you want to stay on the hong kong island side

my wife and i stay here for two night in march   and pay gbp   per night for a premier harbour view room . this be a great hotel in a great location , wan chai . have say that wan chai do from what we could see have a fair number of adult orient club so those with family may wish to avoid . the room on the   floor be spotless with fantastic view across the harbour to kowloon and to the west , the mighty   building . the bathroom be quite small but more importantly be clean and reasonably modern . the desk will arrange an airport shuttle bus which go on the hour for   per person . public transport and taxis in hk be so cheap that other member ' comment re the mtr do n't present a huge problem . staff be all very friendly and helpful . top place

my first visit to hong kong be off to a great start when i arrive at this hotel . the location be in the district     wan chai    which be easily reach by the     island line    subway from central station . the location be very close for the star ferry terminal wanchai . it be in a nice area with very large hotel and the hk convention centre   walk away . the downside be that you have to walk about   over a footpath to get to the subway , a slight incovenience . the wanchai area be great for shopping bargain aswell as many small eatery , bakery etc . the hotel itself be a very tall building with several floor , a restaurant and a coffee lounge with internet access . my room be on the   floor and be very acceptable size , comparable to usual   western hotel . the bathroom be     compact    but spacious enough to not feel suffocated . the room be perfectly clean and the maid service be excellent . the hotel have a free safe facility to store valuable , i make good use of this . the staff be friendly , helpful and always available . the hotel feel very secure and service be discreet . it be perfect for my   days sightsee and i recommend it to anyone who want a nice no frills place to stay at a good price

