we book a six night stay at the premier room at   floor face a building with no view at all , be very cramp , hardly any place for us to move around . the receptionist tell us that all rooms from   floor upwards be consider as premier room . next day , we happen to pass another room on the same floor which be open and it be much bigger than ours and be inform that it be a deluxe room . upon query why the deluxe room be bigger than a premier room , another staff answer that deluxe room be locate at the back of the building while premier room overlook the main street . feel shortchanged , check out after   night

in september   an old lady be stay at the imperial hotel in a newly upgrade room . she have a shower and as she close the glass shower door it shattered . the staff be call , they give her plaster and they move her to an old style room . she be cover in glass and blood and be shaking .   days later she return to the uk and be hospitalized . the hotel want to charge her for the break glass

expensive , not worth the rate and room too small and some without

their website be mis leading and completely leave out critical information i .e . maintenance work throughout the whole building . constant drill and hammer from       right up until   pm at night no matter which floor you be move too . there be a notice in each room indicate maintenance work be do but it do not help if you have book online where cancellation be impossible becasue it be already pay for . their website should have indicate that work be be do   therefore i would not have book there

rooms be small but clean . staff be nice and helpful . yeah , the place look and smell old , but nothing bad ! i have see worse things in better rate hotel

this be a very busy hotel well locate on nathan road in kowloon

we stay here in early april after ditch our awful guesthouse next door after one night . this hotel be a little pricy for the quality of the rooms . i have read many review and would have to agree with a lot of them . we must have have a refurbish room as we have no mould or space issue in our room . infact , the rooms have ample size and the washroom be very clean . we also have a great view from our room , so i guess it â € ™ s down to request the proper room before you arrive . we notice there be a damp smell to the corridor and a bit gloomy at times . the staff be decent and welcome and don â € ™ t mind backpacker as some hotel frown upon . the location of this hotel be the most positive aspect as it sit near the harbour front . take the star ferry across to the island for the best view and don â € ™ t forget to plan a trip to the outskirts of the city , especially the fishing village of tai o . overall this hotel be a bit overprice much like hong kong , but what major city in the world isn â € ™ t

i feel the hotel room be too cramp and the food be terrible . the service staff be not courteous and kind !

clean room and breakfast buffet next door be ok . staff be friendly

last year when i visit here it be very good  this hotel be small but good it be situate in the mail market  it be not so expensive and provide best quality so go there

the name of the hotel be certainly very impressive . the reception look nice but the room be just awful   it be dark , damp and smelly . even the corridor be dark and smelly . although the hotel be in a good location for shopping , etc , there be a lot of indian and black merchant outside the hotel follow tourist try to sell things from watch to massage , this be very annoy and i feel uneasy as a lot of them would not go away even when be tell to . i be very disappoint with the hotel and will not stay here again , the photo on their website be somehow misleading . the only value for money would be the convenient location of the hotel

this be n't the best hotel i have stay in but no mean the worst

we also book this hotel through travel agent in sydney and be tell this be a good place to stay . but when i arrive at this hotel back in march   , my kid and i be shock , this ca n't be a   star hotel , i have check through their website and there be not much information ! ! first of all , they show us this room in level   that take about   steps from the lift and the room smell [ their explanation be because of the renovation then they should fix this problem before they open their business ! ! ] , the wall paper be dark , wet and stain , the room be also very small and the most worrisome problem be that there be another wooden door that be break to the room next door ! the toilet and shower door be break too ! ! that be unbelievable ! you could practically kick the door and it would open ! after my complaint , they take me up to level   to another room , that room be a little bit better but still have the same problems . i end up not even stay there and go to my family 's place and go back there   days later to pick up my luggage and the worse thing be that all my clothes have absorb the smell and i have to take all my clothes to dry clean ! ! ! it be the worse experience that i even had . i definitely will not go there again or recommend anyone either

we book a hotel through the travel agent and she assure us that this hotel be a very nice hotel with a very good location . lo and behold ! it be a dump . the bathtub be so dirty and the room be so stuffy

we book the imperial hotel in hong kong online use elong com which specialises in hotel in asia and be recommend by one of their staff so we be confident it would be a good quality hotel   especially as it cost     hkd per night . how wrong we be

excellent service from the staff   genuine and warm but the hotel have poor ventilation  thus not recommend for guest who be use to stay in   star hotel with powerful air conditioning

the location be good   walking distance from the peninsula and sheraton . the tub be overflow but the room be clean in general

i do n't stay here by choice . i be on a tour . the lobby seem like an average   star hotel but everything else be worse than terrible . the hallway smell musty , the room smell even more musty , the room be so tiny , the bathroom be filthy and old , there be mold on the wall and curtains . the sheet have stain on them , therefore i couldnt bring myself to lye on the bed . it be so bad i have to walk the street until the morning . lucky we only have to stay here   night . the smell and the look of this place make me think of death . i will never forget this hotel . it ruin my trip in hong kong

this hotel have a great location and great price but       the first room i be allocate have condensation run down the walls . it be very damp . i ask to be move and the second room be better but very cold   there be no heat middle of winter and i sleep in my clothes

room quite small and definitely need to be

this be the worst hotel i have stay in my life . it 's worst then a super   motel ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the room stink , the ac not work , the shower be leak and the bed be small ! ! ! ! the hotel suck ! ! ! ! i be con into stay at this low class motel ! ! ! ! ! it be horrible ! ! ! stay away from it ! ! ! you have be warn ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

we be book here for   nights . staff be friendly and it look like the cleaning staff try to clean the room , but this place look   years old . the mold be so bad i have to find another hotel for the second night of our stay . when the elevator door open i think i be in some sort of abandon warehouse . but it be the hallway

small lobby    if you can all that a lobby ! plus a hell for those non smokers and travel with

i go there with my family and my family friends . we stay for   nights . it be terrible ! i tought that the hotel be a big hotel such as holiday inn cause it 's call the imperial . than i be mortified . the hotel have pink bath tub and the bed be pink with flowers     i wo n't stay there if i where you

we stay for   night in october and after a long flight from the uk we be expect something far more decent , particulalrly as the agent recommend it to us ! the room be awful , small , dirty and dingy . i be too tired to complain which be what i think they must rely on plus it be only for   nights . it really be rundown and seedy especially on the floor we be locate , i have a feeling other floor be of a better quality . location be great but i would n't stay there again and would n't recommend it to anyone it really be dreadful and believe me i have stay in some rotten place

this have to be one of the worst hotel in asia masquerade as a good hotel . below be a copy of the letter i send to our travel agent upon our return from hong kong . they try to get a full refund but manage only half and that be from the hotel supplier in good faith . i know they havenot try to pull the wool over our eyes as my daughter works for them and dealt with it personally . the hotel itself would not consider a penny refund which be why i be post this horror story . the travel agent concern have since stop supply this particular hotel but be warn if you come across it accidentally ! the letter start

avoid this hotel at all cost . although it be locate strategically in shopping belt and next to train station , its room be tiny and clutter with furniture , damp , dark and smelly . wall have stain on them and the air cond vent be old and dusty . very noisy as well because of thin wall and poor sound proofing , so i could hear my neighbour talk , sneezing     and the wooden bathroom door be rotting . worst hotel i have stay in in kowloon . never again

probably the most disgust hotel i have ever stay in . i be charge hk     for one night stay in nov . the smell in the room be awful damp and i do not sleep under the cover of the bed as i feel it be not that clean . luckily i be able to book the harbour plaza for my remain two night stay in hong kong . i would not recommend the imperial hotel to anyone . would actualy tell anyone i know go to hong kong to stay clear of it . utterly disgust hotel

this be the   time we have stay in this hotel . the   time be in   , and our reason for return to the imperial be because of it 's excellent location , as bus stop outside the door and the mtr entrance be directly across the road . from this spot you can get anywhere quickly and cheaply     no need for taxi 's although they be cheap as chips in hong kong . the   bus from the airport deliver you to the door for hk     be just Â £   sterling . the staff at this hotel be very good , nothing be too much trouble for them . the hotel itself have everything you need but it 's only a   *   * so do n't expect a top of the range place . the bed though be very good and comfortable , which after all be probably all you will be use the hotel room for as there be so much to do and things to see in this awsome city . we stay for   nights    then move over to lantau island for a long weekend , then return to the imperial for a further   nights     i would go back there again    both location and

hotel have a great location , right on nathan road and close to mtr train system transport be amazing very good and easy we

stay at this hotel from       nov on   floor . property have just be refurbished . get an free upgrade from dbl to trpl room . the room be decent . but first night we have to fight with bed bugs . the location be an advantage in tst , bang on nathan road . very next door be the famous chungking mansions . the crowd as night be not recommend for young child . lot of fake watch agent move arnd . tst mtr be just opp or i think just below the hotel . indian food be not a problem plenty of option arnd and in chungking mansion also . the hotel be ok , but since location be advantage the price be ok . most of the location like promenade , star ferry , science museum be within walk distance of       mins . not really recommend for small family with young children . otherwise , this hotel can be consider

book imperial then read review so be expect the worse , but , be pleasantly surprised . flashy with chandelier it aint . however , the staff be lovely , the room be exceptionally clean , spaghetti house and murphy 's pub be a godsend after a hard day trawl the site and be excellent there be a musty smell in the corridor but with the humidity outside it could be expect and it be not in the room . great value for money and i would definitely stay again

my husband and i treat guest to a hong kong trip and book them at the imperial hotel . we could not be more embarassed when we arrive at the place . upon enter the lobby and checking in , there be a bell boy loiter the area . he just look at us with our suitcase , and do not even offer to assist us to our rooms . that 's just the start

my husband and i be come in to hong kong for an exhibition . as we could not get a single room in any hotel , we finally end up with the one room available at , the imperial'

oh it be n't nice ! ! ! it be tatty and spooky especially during nighttime . there be a time that somebody knock at the door at midnight and though i open it quick enough there be nobody , no noise of run or any giggle or any trace at all

location on nathan road be perfect . everything be and be working . service ok so what else to expect ?

first of all , if you visit this hotel 's website and look around you 'll find picture of the lobby and one of the rooms . i 'd say that the lobby picture be n't that deceive , if you can accept that what you see in the picture be all there be to the place , save for a tiny niche contain a circle of couch and a table . there be a toilet , but this be actually a share toilet with the adjoin restaurant , and require a walk through an incredibly shoddy and depress hallway

i personally do n't like the location even though it be quite convenient , with the harbour nearby and the kcr station which be link to the mtr just round the corner . i do n't like the sleazy feel of the chungking mansion just next door and also the crowd of people who be just stand around the hotel

greasy , sleazy , stay away ! on rip off street nathan road , amidst the camera stores with their well earned reputation of     no service   high price    lay the '    imperial    hotel . three star   well , one would be more appropriate   this hotel offer microscopic , run down rooms even for hk standard with bathroom not worth the name because who would ever take a bath there ? ? and dirty carpet and walls . the whole hotel be so run down in fact that it badly need a renovation since at least   years . the price be ridiculously high we pay   hk   in december   , room book through asia travel for this location , the rooms not worth half this price . stay away and look for another hotel , with clean rooms and most of the time a better rate . g s

we move from a very good   star as it be full to this awful hotel of the same star rating . while the lobby may be new it be uninviting , but when you get to the different floor it be awful   the smell of dampness and the grubbiness of the corridor be very uninviting . i dread what to expect in the bedroom . however , our room be not as bad as the corridors . however , there be parts of the room where the paint be peel away and the bathroom be very basic   more like a   star . i ask to see other rooms with a view to moving   and the smell of urine in one of them be just awful . this irregularity in the star rating be very misleading and hotel should give a full refund if guest have a genuine reason to move property

we get a good deal from a travel agent that recommend this hotel to us as a       star hotel    . this hotel could barely rate a two star experience in my opinion

i agree with all the reviews . the bedroom , the toilet , the carpet stink . worst of all , the front desk people do not know much english . most of the time , i have to write my message or exaggerate my gestures . i think they put on a snob front just so you would not ask for more and force them to speak in more english . hongkong chinese be some of the worst people i have encounter in asia . in bangkok and manila , even if the facility stink , the people be warm and hospitable . singaporean be ok

we stay for three nights . our room be surely not as nice as the one that be display in the internet . no reading lamp , much smaller and no light come inside , because we face the wall of a neighbor building

i be up on the   floor , face nathan road . not bad , but the hall be a bit run down . the room itself be adequate , although small

here 's the lowdown on this hotel . we stay there in   and to this day i remember the awful time we have in it . we be station in the second floor which reek of cigarette smoke , have worn out carpet and a toilette that not even flush well . what make the experience worst even be the discourteous staff , a bellhop that stay by the door of our hotel room and keep say     thank you    in break english with his hand outstretched     demand !     for about an entire minute or so that he be tipped . faze by such bad attitude we refuse to tip him and days after before check out the room be check by some none english speak attendant who call the fo and upon check out the fo officer say ,     you stole a towel from your room . we be charge you for it    . we be well travel and have never experience such a merde hole . never will we recommend this hotel

poor ambience , poor sanitation , poor toilet yuck ! poor room    stay in another hotel or else your just pay for garbage . our experience with this hotel be really bad

stay here for   nites and the room be gosh   too small and smelly cigar smoke . the room you see on internet be definitely not the nice room you will have . the front desk people be very unfriendly and you never see them smile at all    poker face ! the price for the room be very high compare to what you will get from service . bad quality curtain and mattresses . not recommendable though the location be quite nice . stay on other hotel

stay here as a last resort , because other well locate hotel in hong kong for less than   be book out . we pay   which be way too much for a small room with a frost glass window , sag matresses on the bed , musty smell , tiny bathroom , dim light , low ceiling , surly staff and arctic a c which be either on or off , no thermostat to control it . do n't stay here ! ! ! ! you may as well stay next doo in chongking mansion for a quarter of the price and similar quality

i pay half the price here than the ymca the room be small but adequate the location be good at hk     it be good value but i wouldnt want to pay more . there be no frill

first and foremost , the location be excellent ! situate along nathan road holiday inn golden mile , sheraton , kowloon     hyatt hotel be either next to or across the street . i travel in a party of four people . we reserve two rooms , each have a double bed and a twin bed . the rooms be very small with little room to maneuver . we place out baggage on the extra twin bed . both rooms be in the front of the building , overlook nathan road . because of the size of the room , just inch separate the bed from the window , thus you can hear the traffic . needle to say the rooms be not soundproof . the rooms be basic and clean . the housekeep staff be very pleasant which make up for the front desk staff , whom lack personality and charm . although the price be lower than other hotel in the vicinity , you get what you pay for   no frill

i stay here a few years ago and i have to say that i certainly hope they have improve on alot of things about this hotel . first , the lobby be small and uninviting . the fixture be old and need a good remodeling . this be the same for the rooms themselves . they be small and very bland . do n't expect any frill at this hotel . we be a group of   people but request adjoin rooms . we have request a roll away and because of the small size of the room , our only spot to put it be right in front of the adjoin room door

