this hotel call itself a 'boutique hotel ' , but it be nothing special really . it be in a tall thin building which be   story high but only   rooms wide . it have a separate bar which do n't seem much frequent , and the rooms be so so for the price . the first one i see smell of mould , and all the fire sprinkler pipe be expose in the ceiling , and rather dusty . the second be ok if you leave the aircon on permanently , but the lavatory produce some pretty odd smells . breakfast be perfunctory . not a bad place , but not really worth the money

i have stay in   different hotel in the tst area from the chungking mansion to the sheraton , and the minden be definitely the best value option . i have stay at the minden probably       times over the past   years

i have visit the minden several times this year and each time it have be the usual , reliable hotel and the cost have be real value for money a difficult thing to find in hong kong . the rooms be not large but they have all the facility that you need on a business trip , internet , desk to work at and comfortable bed . the location of the hotel be ok , on the slightly seedier side of kowloon but it be close to tsim sha tsui mtr station and from there the whole of hong kong be available . also you can walk to the star ferry and other point of interest

the minden be okay     the main positive be it 's location , right at the bottom of kowloon , just off nathan road and the price of its rooms around Â £   a night for a standard room . the room be perfectly adequate and nicely decorate although the bed be quite hard . the main disadvantage for us be that our room face onto minden avenue with its many club and bars and we have quite a lot of noise during the three night we stayed . not what you need when you be deal with jet lag ! breakfast be a bit uninspiring , toast and jam , and one type of muffin as well as juice and coffee . however you could order a full cook breakfast for     , although i never see anyone with one . the outside terrace in the bar be very pleasant and we be give a voucher for a free drink which we eventually take upstairs as we be the only people in the bar !

we stay here for a week over christmas and find this hotel to be adequate . hotel can be pretty expensive in hk and you rarely get value for money unless you 're pay Â £   plus a night . i have previously stay in two ymca 's   the better of the two be the salisbury ymca overlook the harbour but you have to book well in advance to secure a room . give we do n't want to pay a whole lot of money for accommodation , we opt for the minden   which , at the end of the day , we get what we pay for . the hotel be modern and clean i agree the reception staff be crap but the bar staff in the brilliant   floor bar be great and very polite but the room we be give be on the small side   which be n't unusual for hk hotels . the bars on the other side of the road be not seedy despite what an earlier review say but be ultra trendy bars to have a drink   take advantage of the   but remember it only count if you each order a full price drink . i agree about the noise level after dark though   very very noisy   we have to buy ear plug to drown out the noise to get some sleep ! overall , i probably would n't stay here again . ymca salisbury be the best value for money if you ask me

we be look for a conveniently place hotel in kowloon and this be fine location for get about . however it 's in a seedy street with late night club and bars and even on the   floor we be surprise at the level of noise until   be each night

we stay at the minden for   night in april   on our return from australia . this hotel be ideally locate on kowloon about   minutes walk from star ferry . we find the rooms to be very clean , as be the rest of the hotel

the hotel be in a great location , close to public transport etc

the minden provide very good value for hong kong hotels . the location be very good and be close to mtr , kcr , and subway to the museum and waterfront promenade

the location of the hotel be great . it be two minutes to the nearest mtr exit and close to almost everything a tourist could ask for . it be also clean . the toilet be not fancy but its get nice finishings . it be value for money

this be my   visit at the hotel   from the previous year   and as much as the location be ideal   near mtr , train , ferry as well as have many taxi 's available , the horrible service   or rather     no service    will stop me from return to the minden

we book with the minden after some internet research . they give us a good rate for their deluxe room as we be stay two week , and it be after the chinese new year

this be the second time i stay at this hotel well locate , most place in tsim shat sui be a short walk from this hotel

it have quite a good location with the kowloon     lan kwai fong    below , it have a quite yet not desert feel . the staff be quite polite and they always clean up our room after we come back from outside . the room be clean although not very big . the most different be that they provide continental breakfast for guest for free as we know hong kong hotel do not provide breakast for guest   as least for free   they have shuttle bus outside that shuttle us to the kowloon express and be near to all the shopping area

business trip , stay for one night on arrival before travel to china . free shuttle bus to the hotel from kowloon station if travel from airport by airport express . fantastic location in the centre of tsim sha tsui , in the middle of all public transport but set back away from main roads , so easy enough to travel anywhere and quiet enough to sleep

book   superior twin rooms . the rooms be clean and simple design . toilet be a bit bare

