very trendy hotel , just off nathan road , kowloon . service be very good   especially chumm at the front desk do an excellent job . rooms be relatively small but well equiped . fantastic breakfast buffet . fire alarm go off false alarm in our room . in no time security knock on our door to check things and reset the switch . drawback   all public area in hotel be extremly cold   airconditioning go full blast ! we be not inform when we book that spa be beeing renovate and therefore not accessible

i book this hotel for   night under impression of very positive review on the web . although it be not a disaster , the hotel turn out to be hardly above the average level of comfort . regular room of the club floor that i be initially give be quite small , nevertheless would be acceptable for a single person unless a putrid smell come from the air condition soon after it be turn on . fortunately the problem be limited only to one wing and there be a vacant suite available in another wing of the club floor for extra   per night , so i move there

great hotel in an ideal location in the heart of tourist hong kong with easy access to the mtr whichever way you turn

awesome service , excellent kowloon location , but what be truly remarkable be the supermodern design of everything from the lobby to the rooms . ca n't recommend highly enough if you be into modern design and like to have a glass wall between bedroom and bathroom !

mira be a recently renovate and certainly try hard to be   century hotel . its location be very convenient and easy to visit everywhere you like shopping , catch mrt to lantau island and yuen long . they provide a mobile phone which guess could use if they not bring any phone to hk . the cafe downstairs be nice but too expensive . the consierge be very helpful but the porter be very slow . they keep our luggage for   hours even though after call them   to   times . eventually i need to come down and insist of take our luggage upstairs myself , before i actually get really upset

the mira be an excellent modern hotel in tst . have a similar dark , stylish , yet cozy feel like a w hotel , but with additional technological features . this hotel will definitely appeal to techie , business traveler , and savvy tourist

good location within like   walk from tsimshatsui mtr   exit . opp have miramar shopping center which have plenty to offer . down the road , local delicacy resturant til midnight or convenience shop just steps away

enjoy our   night stay at the mira . we arrive late on our check in date almost midnight and the moment we get off our coach transfer , the concierge rush over to help us with our lugages . now this be what you call a   service ! the front desk be extremely helpful and be all way out to accommodate our fussy request , guess that 's how chaotic things can get when you travel with family member

they be so rude and inconsiderate ! ! ! i move to the marco polo after the first night because i could not stand how awfully they treat me and their other guest

things we love about the mira

this be one hotel who have complete a refurbishment and do not compromise on quality   it seems . nothing look cheap . all works well . amenities in the room impressive . bose sound dock you have to love ! and staff be fantastic

stay at the mira for   night last week . the hotel be a pretty cool place and all the positive review be spot on . i go to hk about   times per year and almost always stay at the renaissance kowloon because of my status with marriott . never again will i stay there . the mira have a hip look a fantastic crew and nice ammenities in the room . i particularly enjoy the bose ipod speaker and the free internet which costs me a lot in other hotel , the rooms be a good size for hk and the light be nice

the mira be outstanding . amazing refurbishment to the whole hotel , perfect location and we love that everything be brand new

hotel be very modern with in room computer supplied . the rooms be small by western standard but be very comfortable . the park on the other side of nathan be great place to get away from the bustle of hong kong for a few . do not eat at the restaurant there be plenty of place nearby . knutsford terrace be just across the street and have everything from star buck to steak house

the mira hotel be one of the most modern and stylish hotel , with a sensational attention to detail . upon walk into the lobby , you be enchant with the massive modern wave entry way , and the dark modern ambiance . be in the hotel make you feel very classy and chic . the staff be very nice and accommodate , not stuffy at all . one criticism , i wish the check in time be a bit shorter but , it be a busy afternoon

the mira be an unexpected , fantastic hotel   probably the best i have stay in ! spend   years frequently travel on

i recently stay at the mira hotel and have a wonderful stay . the hotel be hip and cool without be overly chummy . the staff be friendly but do n't cross the line . i do n't want a new best friend just good friendly service

i book my stay at the mira base on a visit to the hotel last march during a very quick visit to hong kong . from the lobby the hotel look like my kind of hotel , modern minimalist and functional

we have be to mira a number of times in the last decade before its recent transformation     though it have lose some of its 'old charm ' and 'roomy space ' , it be certainly for the better that it have decide to move on

we have a chance to visit hongkon recently on the business trip . it be a urgent meeting therefore we only have   days to prepare ourselves . we decide to pick the mira hotel from the internet . when we get there , we be please with our choice

first of all let me say this   the mira be not on my wishlist

i be lure to this hotel by one of their staff member who take my details from the langham place hotel where i be a regular guest , when she change job

this hotel be under construction , and you will hear it every morning . this also mean that there be no pool even though there 's still a picture of one on their website . i am sorry , but provide ear plug do not compensate for be wake up by fire alarm and jack hammer at   in the morning . hotel staff be apathetic to these concern   no compensation be offer for the lie i .e . the pool and lack of information no mention of construction post on their website , only simple promise of 'oh , i 'll let my manager know that' . if i have n't have to pre pay in full on priceline , i would have walk out the door the second i arrive

my husband and   year old son stay at the mira hotel . we be treat like royals . i highly recommend this hotel . it have flat large flat screen tv , wireless unlimited internet , rain water showers . the hotel be very modern and sophisticated and helpful , friendly staff . the bed be big enough that the   of us could sleep in . overall the best hotel i have ever stay at and i do n't want to leave , we be spoil

we do n't usually book expensive hotel whenever we go on vacation but , reading about the mira , we decide to make this an exception . we be not disappointed . we book the hotel package that include breakfast and airport hotel limousine transfer for   rooms

i spend   night with my partner in this newly renovate hotel . i have not stay here before but the new look be indeed very impressive

the reaction to this hotel will be a personal one . for me , this hotel be outstanding , but for a more traditional person , the modern feature of this hotel can be a little daunting

exceptional hotel , the first of it 's modern class i have staued in to . the room be classy with complete button,s polish clear glass for the bathroom , large plasma and even a nokia phone connect to the room number which the guest my bring outside , the room i get though have an ugly view outside , froting the back of another building . tastefully designed . price maybe above average but certainly worth the feel of it

know as hotel miramar when we stay in july   , the hotel be undergo major renovation but they manage them well so we be not interupted . however , our room do not have a window ! not something i have ever feel i need to request in a hotel room . the curtain wall open to an opaque glass window with a lit up brick wall behind it ! make the room too gloomy     the bed be too hard as be the case in alot of hong kong hotels . however , those   things aside it be in a great position , nice     central and the staff be very pleasant

we stay at the mira from jan   to jan   ,   and the entire family love it ! the accomodations be probably one of the best i have ever experience

we have just return from a week stay at the mira hotel . the hotel be magnificent and we have never experience such incredible service before . it be indeed an awesome experience

arrive late at the hotel which be be renovate and when show to the room be blow away by the standard and the quality of the finish

so a little background info , hong kong be the final leg in the trip across china , and have only ever land at the awesome hong kong airport before , we think a daytrip in hong kong be in order so book one night   with hindsight i would recommend a minimum of   or   night in hong kong

great , great hotel

this be a great stay for anyone who want top class service and amenities in hong kong without book into a chain . the rooms be a little date compare to some of its competitor , but the miramar be have an overhaul . the location could n't be better with tst on your doorstep and central two stop away by metro . be sure you get a non smoking floor

i find the staff here to be extremely helpful without exception . i be with a group and everyone else have positive experience as well . my room be unrennovated , so its furnishing be a little dated . but it be quite clean , nonetheless

this be my   time stay in this hotel . the last time i stay , i remember the rooms to be rather dim , so it be a pleasant surprise to find the rooms nicely light

we stay here in august   as part of a family holiday   kid for   nights . the location be great very central close to mtr stop and a   minute walk from the star ferry terminal with a bus stop outside as an alternative . there be plenty of shop and restaurant right outside . the hotel be busy and check in take some time . we be upgrade to a suite which turn out to be an ashtray   it stank of smoke disgusting . we be then give a 'normal ' room overlook the park which be no smoking clean and perfectly adequate . breakfast in the atrium be poor and expensive   we be give one free breakfast and would not eat there again . better option nearby . there be a small pool in the basement which be good for the kid to let off steam . great location and despite the bustle the room be quiet

we stay at hotel miramar in kowloon for   night

we stay at this hotel as a second choice as our first choice be under renovation and low and behold this hotel also be under renovation which be not pleasant   on arrival our book be stuff up and take a bit of fix but the staff be very helpful . we have nice room but maybe old rooms as they seem date but we be together which be what we wanted . the staff be really nice and very helpful and nothing be too much trouble from the concierge to the cleaning crew . despite the renovation we have a pleasant stay and it be very central to all the things we want and a   minute walk from the train station which be handy

situate relatively close to the star ferry this hotel meet all your basic requirement with reasonable luxury . it be a big hotel in a very busy city and this will impact on your opinion . we find it fine , with good breakfast clean rooms and helpful staff . we would use it again and as experience traveller this be not always the case

hotel miramar ,   nathan road , kowloon . we stay in a club floor room which be on the   floor only . inclusion be buffet breakfast , complimentary beverage after breakfast until   , complimentary cocktail reception   , unlimited b band

a modern hotel set in the bustle kowloon district . the staff be very friendly and the rooms be above average in size . we do not eat in the hotel as it be quite expensive and there be so many fantastic restaurant close . the rooms be well sound proof as you do not hear a thing from outside

have a smash stay in hong kong third visit ! help by the location of the hotel . easy access to many of the great hk attraction , on foot , by mtr or kcr , by taxi or bus ! the hotel be comfortable and have everything we need i do n't go on holiday to stay in the hotel the whole time ! . room be clean , massage be great , food be okay for a hotel , but most meal be take outside in the wonderful street cafe ! will certainly return to hk and would stay in the miramar again if the price be right

we recently visit hong kong and stay at the miramar . all i can say be     stay somewhere else    . it be terrible . the rooms smell of that musty mouldy smell . they be in the throw of renovate so it may be better once the reno 's be complete   it would want to be . i complain ferociously and tell them that it be more a   star hotel than a   star and demand to be shift which i be after sit in the foyer for   hours demand to see management . they be go to upgrade me to a new room if i pay ! ! ! in the end i get a newly refurbish room at a normal rate . not worth the hassle as it be our first stop on our   week trip away

just back from a week stay at the hotel miramar . great location , excellent service , staff very friendly

spend four night at mirramar hotel and find it to be a excellent hotel . the accommodation be very nice and the staff from front desk to room attendant be very friendly and helpful . we include breakfast with our book and this be excellent

miramar hotel best feature be its location it be locate close to kowloon park and equal walk distance to mtr and night market . short one stop mtr ride or long walk to shopping area and entertainment surround pennisula hotel and star ferry terminal

we stay at miramar on may   we be give a choice of either a room with no view or a room face kimberly road but have to wait till   we opt for the latter the room be spacious with   arm chair     coffee table . the front desk be fast in service with just a few form to fill up they be friendly  they give us a card to access a seperate lift to go to the gym swimming pool which be heated . i get my room for     the bed be double which be a little cramp for   but manageable . location be excellent with a lot of resto and shop that open early and close late       . its so easy to get a taxi and airport express bus stop right in front of the hotel too . overall , i would not hesitate to come back to miramar with my   kid age        

excellent location   room very comfortable and room service efficient . although in the center of kowloon on nathan road ,

pro   nice breakfast , okay location on nathan rd , rooms be     okay   

stay in superior room on     hotel be well maintain , clean and neat . not as sparkle as the   business hotel , but more than enough for leisure trip . staff be very helpful , service be quick . room be at good size consider it be hongkong . the twin bed be comfortable and it be a   wide twin bed . mtr be one minute walk distance . not much view from my room which i guess will be the case for most superior room . in the middle of shopping area , restaurant be all over the place . will certainly comeback

i stay at this hotel in early january   the location be very good and rooms be ok for a   star , nothing really special but worth it for the price . we be very lucky we be upgrade to a suite . personnel at the front desk be really helpful and very friendly

very clean , nice entrance and staff at the door to welcome you in . double bed very small lengthwise but standard room spacious and have all that be needed . situate on nathan road , ideal for shopping but slightly too far out when walk to the star ferry for hong kong island . ideal for kowloon park which be worth a visit to chill after the tremendous pace of the city . be sure to visit stanley road market   you need to catch a bus no   from hk island but it be well worth it and the scenery on the way down be great

we stay at the miramar on a stop over to mauritius and i have to drag my husband to hong kong scream and kick all the way i then have to drag him away , we love it . this hotel be a fabulous base to see hong kong island and kowloon , we could n't have choose better for the price . the lobby be beautiful and the restuarant clean . the breakfast would keep us go for the day . full english , continental through to my favourite dim sum what a start

i stay here for three night this october on route to australia and could n't have be better pleased . good location , clean rooms , attentive staff . the groundfloor restaurant be use for breakfast and be excellent . buffet style , well lay out and again , attentive staff . very handy for most location and within walk distance of star ferry , temple street night market a must see ! ! etc . room size be good , clean and with a minibar . i would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone . we will stay their next time

we stay at the miramar for four days in september and find it to be very comfortable with easy access to

we stay at the miramar for   night and find it to be a good hotel for the price we pay approx   per night exclude the     tax . the hotel be well locate on nathan rd with tsim sha tsui mtr just a couple of minutes away . plenty of shopping and food place just outside the hotel

my mom and i stay in this hotel for   days and   nights . the hotel be locate near a mtr station tsim sha tsui which become more convenient upon travel to different place around hong kong

hotel be good , reception staff leave a lot to be desire though as do not speak good english . ask for breakfast in bed but keep get tell they do not do buffet . wake up one night wonder why there be a little girl in our room , she be dress in old fashion clothes , just as i be about to turn the light on to take her to reception of course not even think how do she get into the room she disappeared . thing be though i do not feel scared . partner also find that anytime he go into the bathroom he feel as though his head be spinning . my first and hopefully last visit from a ghost . watch out for her as i be sure she do n't just visit one room . good hotel apart from that but view from room be of a ventilation system and we get the noise from the elevator shaft at all time or day and night . great place to be if you want to be central though . would stay at another hotel next time i go

just return from a   night stay in the miramar hotel . the location be great . it be opposite the miramar shopping mall which can be access directly from the hotel so you can go shopping with out have to go outside when its raining . this also connects to knutsford steps which have a good starbucks . the mtr station be only a   minutes walk away which give access to almost anywhere in hong kong

the front desk staff give us a bad first impression . not one of them smile to the guests . in fact they only smile when they engage in their small talks

book it on expedia , get half the rate of a very luxurious hotel right in the middle of the great city center . superb location , super

the miramar be a busy hotel base in the middle of

our adult family group of six stay at this conveniently locate hotel on nathan road in kowloon for   days in late june   and occupy three different units . then , four of us return   days later to occupy two rooms . the staff be accommodate and service be excellent . they store luggage for us until our return . i book through expedia

explore the street of kowloon on foot can be an intense experience for any visitor to hong kong . have a comfortable place to stay in the area be essential . after our two night stay during a sightsee stopover , we be satisfy that the miramar fit the bill

after stay here for five night in march i can say i find the hotel very good the hotel staff be excellent anything we want no matter at what time day or night we get in minutes the two trip we go on to the big budda and disneyland be book at the hotel and we be pick up from the lobby,good value and service breakfast be excellent have great choice and service room be big and clean but do need modernizing hotel be in great location and as we pay about   pound a night good value for money i would recommend traveller on this sort of budget to stay here

other reviewer seem to have a love hate experience   we get just what we be hope for

three of us require a night 's stay in hong kong and unfortunately do n't book a hotel room in advance . we preferred to stay in the harbour area of kowloon and decide to walk around and pick out a hotel . bad idea . most hotel be book up and we end up at the mirimar hotel . happy about the location and the fact that a room be available , we decide to stay for about     usd for the   of us in one crowd and dreary room . there be no view at all because the window would n't open and the glass be cover with frost transluscent plastic . it be a non smoking room , but still stank of stale smoke and one wall have mold stain on the wallpaper . also , the extra bed be jam up against the control for the light switch and we have a really hard time turn the light on and off . the service be lukewarm and an overall mediocre experience . i stay in way better hotel in hong kong for much less money . it pay to shop around in advance

rooms   upon check in , we be upgrade to executive rooms , all   rooms in total . the rooms be splendid   spacious , clean , newly renovate and classy . i be delight as this be by far the best tourist class hotel i have experience in hk . even better than kowloon hotel , holiday inn . offer great value for  

i have stay at the miramar   times , as well as the holiday inn golden mile and the bp international over the last   years

miramar be in a great location . i stay for   nites in september   i would definitely stay here again . i book my standard room thru expedia at a good price     be able to use the swim pool big     empty , i have the whole pool to myself at no extra charge . the bathroom grout be dirty , i not have liquid soap for bathe on the first day , the key to my in room safe not work     the manager never fix it , there be only   public phone in the lobby     the staff be not knowledgable about the free airport express shuttle bus , which stop right outside   but   i recommend miramar cuz of the excellent location     spacious room     nice toiletry

we just get back from a   days stay in hongkong . we stay at miramar hotel . the location be accessible to all mode of transportation be it ferry , bus or mtr . the rooms be clean and have a complimentary bottled water everyday . the hotel staff well train and attentive to our needs . from the airport we take airport express to kowloon station there 's a free shuttle which stop right at the doorstep of hotel miramar which be locate in nathan road tst . nearby be the famous granville st where you can find great bargain for lady clothes and accessories .   min walk you can reach harbour city  ocean terminal a huge shopping complex famous for brand items .   , mcdonalds , kfc , some dimsum restaurant be just few block away . we will surely come back and stay in this hotel

i have stay in many hotel in hong kong i would say that if you be go to stay in kowloon this have the best location . it be right by the mtr , bus , shop , good restaurant etc and be in a bustle part of town . i would recommend the chinese restaurant in the hotel at which we eat a delicious and very reasonable lunch on two occasions . the cafe buffet on the ground floor be also good . i use the pool and gym which be satisfactory and as a guest be surprise to be charge a small fee for this

stay for   days in jun   for the third time . do n't let the lobby fool you . the rooms be not as impressive as the lobby

miramar be locate in heart of kowloon , only a short stroll to mtr     within   minutes walk to star ferry , or just take a red cab which be in abundance . it be opposite kowloon park which be a lovely place to relax away from the hustle and bustle . hotel staff be very friendly and always willing to help . room be average size , with the bed be very comfortable . the buffet breakfast be also very good . i would not hesitate to recomend this hotel as a place to stay whilst in hong kong  

