i have use emperor hotel a few years and so decide to spend   night there again while in hong kong earlier in november . but god , i be very terribly disappointed . i request week ago to have a quieter non smoking room at higher level . instead , i be give a smoking room on the   floor which be also very close to the elevator . the wall be paper thin and i could hear people talk loudly near the elevator at       be midnight . the room be tiny . it be actually smaller than the room that i have in tokyo two week ago . i think hotel rooms in japan be already quite small . the bathroom 's wall be dirty and moldy . while i try to turn off the shower , some rusty metallic parts fall out of the tap ! i sleep poorly that night because i could hear water come down intermittently in drain pipe somewhere in the wall

the lobby and location of the hotel be nice . i do n't expect the room to be so small for the price . the bathroom be good with modern facility and clean tub

excellent hotel with nice staff . my only regret be that i eat in their   floor restaurant where the food be appal and the staff not care and still insist in charge full price

we stay   night in this hotel . we will recomend this to amyone visit hong kong . the service be excellent with very helpful staff . the rooms be clean and of good size

we stay at this hotel on a stopover from nz to uk . it be a long way from the airport and not ideally situate for a one night stopover . however the rooms be good and clean . a little small and the bed be hard but this be apparently normal in hong kong . we take the airport express to hong kong central and then the mtr to causeway bay and then a taxis to the hotel . on the return the hotel provide a free shuttle to hong kong central which have a cathay pacific check in desk , which be great for get rid of suitcase to allow for stress free site seeing . although the hotel be not convenient for us it would be great for go to see the horse racing as it be walk distance to the race track . the staff be all polite and the hotel be very nice

