we love his hotel , which be the place we stay for the hong kong leg of our honeymoon . we be very lucky to be upgrade to a suite , which be beautiful and enormous . bed be comfortable , the bathroom be incredible   with a huge round bath and our sit room be very stylish . we find the staff to be very friendly and helpful . the spa and pool be great   although i would suggest better light round the pool for people who want to read while their partner swims . breakfast also come highly recommended . would definitely stay there again

we stay at the landmark for   days , and absolutely love it . we have the   the bathroom be so luxurious , the bed be very comfortable . my daughter love the live room area , so she could do her drawing on the coffee table , plus lie on the couch to watch tv . the location of the hotel be fantastic , so near the eatery of lkf lan kwai fong . the staff be very helpful in everyway , even down to the doorman , who be always willing to help with direction and recommendations . our only complaint , which be a minor one , be the coffee serve at the lounge , though breakfast be good . sometimes i wonder why hotel just ca n't seem to serve a decent cup of coffee ? but other than that , i highly recommend this hotel . * no security issues . room safe be , well , safe

perfect hotel for business . from the moment i step int he door the staff be professional and courteous . would definitely stay there again

what can i say ? really

date of stay   june

this be most favourite hotel in asia . hong kong be a very busy city and to have this hotel in the middle of the best location be an absolute oasis . the service be at the very highest level i have epxerienced anywhere in the world . whilst not the cheapest hotel around , its ammenties etc be equal to the price . mo bar on any friday night be a must for a nice cocktail

we spend the first   days of our honeymoon at the landmark mandarin on our way to bali . this be one of the best hotel experience i have ever had . we be extremely jetlagged from our   hour flight from nyc and i have a pull muscle in my neck with inflamation and lots of pain . at some ungodly hour my husband go down to the front desk to see if they have a heat pad . they do everything they could with a hot water holder and then immediately the next day bring us a proper heater . the next day i rush to the spa for a hot stone massage that basically take all the inflamation away and significantly reduce my jetlag . the beautiful and relax spa be perfect . they have heated chair in the water room and a relaxation room with tea and individual headphone with relax music . they also have a gorgeous shower room and give me a small vanity kit . i do n't know what i would have do without that massage . the people who work at the spa be extremely knowledgeable and professional

everything about this hotel be pretty     a +  

i recently stay   night at the landmark mandarin oriental in a   deluxe room . my friend and i have an amazing stay at this hotel . i have nothing bad to say

have always want to stay at the landmark . have hear that it and the four season be the place to stay in hk , and it do n't disappoint

the room be great , very large and spacious by hk standards . two lcd screen in the room , and one in the bathroom . many free hd feature via the in room entertainment . low profile lobby . blackout blind to catch up on sleep . all in all , great business hotel , for serious travellers . for leisure however , i 'd pick something else

whilst there be absolutely nothing wrong with the hotel and it have fab service like pretty much everywhere in asia the rooms have no view and the redesign of the rooms be just plain weird . fab bathroom take up nearly     of the floor space in a   room and block the light from one of two windows . i am not quite sure what the designer be smoking at the time he design this hotel          

my parent and i stay at the mandarin , hong kong , for several night over christmas . as we enter the lobby and pass the giant , aromatic pine christmas tree while staff courteously greet us , i already know this would of the most memorable , magical christmas i would be bless to have . we stay in a suite as there be   of us , where chocolate christmas sculpture mysteriously arrive in our room everyday ! even the sofa bed i sleep on be the most comfortabl sleep i have have , with its thick   count eygptian cotton sheets . the view of hong kong be stunning , with the skyscraper around us and the harbour before us . i spend a few relax hours in the gigantic , stand alone victorian sink bath in the centre of the bathroom , watch the tv above it ! the hotel facility be fabuus , especially the spa where my mum and i have a blissful massage . the food be wonderful . my friend and i meet for hot chocolate in the mandarin cake shop  this consist of hot melt chocolate with a dark chocolate spoon and cream . we be in heaven ! then we see the nut cracker ballet from the clipper lounge , put on by young child from a local dance school , which be so sweet and festive . the mandarin be perfectly situate in central , walk distance from lan kwai fong , where you can find a vast range of classy nightclub , funky restraunts , boutique shop and swanky bars . there be also mall like the ifc close by , or 'the lanes, ' if you prefer street shopping . mtr and bus stations be all nearby so it 's not hard to get around . the most incredible thing about the mandarin oriental though  with hong kong as its flagship , original hotel  be how perfectly it encapsulates 'east meet west, ' blend british colonial charm with beautiful chinese accents . no hotel chain do this like the mandarin and so if you truly want an luxurious and unforgettable , hong kong experience , this be the place to stay . although it have be newly renovate , make it more opulent than ever , the mandarin remain an authentic piece of hong kong history

do not stay at this hotel unless you want your money stolen . money go miss from our room safe and hotel refuse to except that their staff be rip off their guest

lovely hotel and great rooms but major security problem from supposedly the most secure hotel in hong kong . substantial amount of money take from two separate safe in two separate rooms around the same time . they only stole part of the currency hope we would not notice  left approx half ! very suspicious especially when the safe reader say safe be not open from time of arrival to the time we discover it miss the next morning . obviously some device have wipe the memory of the last three times it be open so police say there be no evidence

we be expat live in hong kong . every time our wed anniversary roll around , we celebrate by check ourselves into a city hotel for the weekend . this year , we choose the landmark mandarin oriental because it be in the very heart of central and directly connects to the landmark shopping centre , threesixty organic supermarket , the other mandarin oriental hotel and the prince building which have oliver deli and numerous high end shops . outside you have marks and spencer and shanghai tang plus the bar area of lan kwai fong . there be also a huge taxi rank . it be a fantastic base

be to hk a number of times and stay over at the peninsula , original mandarin oriental and lkf . have to say that the landmark mandarin oriental beats them all . location be second to none   right in the heart of central , so perfect for shop , restaurant and bars

we stay   night at this hotel in a   room . it have a very contemporary design and be in a great location . the hotel be in central and the main bar and restaurant precinct and also as mention previously attach to an exclusive shopping mall . we have breakfast one morning next door in the landmark cafe and it be really good . we do not go to any of the hotel bar or cafe but the bar in the lobby be very popular

amazing hotel in an amazing city . stay there for a week while visit family in hong kong . enjoy so very much the fantastic service in this hotel with particular mention of the incredible spa . divine experience ! hong kong be such a vibrant city and this hotel capture the essence of this amazing city and yet be an oasis in its own right . the suite , services , spa and mo bar all contribute to a lovely experience and for those of you who be fan of zuma in london , zuma hong kong be right there in the landmark . oh    last but not least , what great shopping . we love it , but be ready to spend some money and have fun    

stay for   night at the landmark mo on business last week . book an   room but be upgrade to an   room upon arrival . the spacious , well equip and beautiful room be one of the best if not the best contemporary hotel rooms that i have recently stay in . take a lot of photo as the design give me a lot of idea for my own apartment . the bathroom be huge with a circular bath tub and be well equip with lcd tv and boutique aromatheraphy toiletries .   more lcd tv   one in the bedroom the other in the live room . there be also a separate dress room which can be close off from the bedroom

as soon as we arrive at the hotel we be greet by the super friendly hotel staff and immediately make us feel special

spectacular room and bathroom   mind you you pay for it but the rooms be really excellent in every regard . particularly like the attention to detail at breakfast on the   floor and staff be simply attentive in every way . so you definitely get what you pay for here

if you be look for a grand lobby with chandelier and huge floral arrangement to greet you when you enter   then this be not the hotel for you . the hotel lobby design to be minimal and discreet . the times that i have stay in this hotel i have never see more than   people in the lobby except for the staff

i love this hotel ! the service from start to finish be impeccable , very frendly yet professional at all times . the room itself be a good size and well lay out , i particularly like the fact that there be a day bed next to the full size window , as be the desk . my view be of the ferry terminus and across the bay . it in fact look exactly like the picture on the webpage   which be n't always the case !  the bed be huge and very comfortable . i think the layout of the bathroom be quite unique   but i like this . there be all the accessory you need , include hermes toiletry   and a tv in the mirror if you want to lie in the bath and watch

we stay in the   series of room . the room layout and amenities be be excellent and with think to smallest detail

the landmark and its staff be absolute perfection . they have a complementary service where they greet you as soon as you get off the plane and zoom you through the airport . it be very useful if you arrive at   like i do

after stay at a number of good business hotel in hong kong i have recently return to the landmark mandarin oriental . i arrive very early on a friday and know that my room be n't ready . the very professional and friendly receptionist recognize me from a previous visit , offer me the use of the spa facility to get change and freshen up . she also arrange for a complimentary breakfast at the exquisite hotel bar restaurant on ground level . i use and enjoy both , then go to work and return later in the day

stay here for two night en route to perth . from the word go the hotel staff be excellent and we be show to our room get upgrade to an   and give a comprehensive overview of the hotel and the city . the concierge walk tours provide free of charge be well worth it if you 're new to the city . we be lazy overexcited tired and use the limo service that the hotel provide which be great   it costs about two and half times what a cab will cost . also , the landmark have a meet and greet service for all guest at the airport . again , this be useful and save us a very , very long walk

the hotel be pretty commendable in terms of its service , cleanliness , facility and bedding . the only problem that i have , and a major one at that too , be the layut of the bathroom

this be by far one of the best place to stay on hong kong island we prefer this location to kowloon which be much more touristy and where solicit tourist for watch etc be prevalent

great location , helpful staff

comparison   besides the mo landmark , i also stay at the four season and the island shangri la in the past . rooms at mo landmark be the most spacious and the services be the most personable . four season , situate at the waterfront , have the best harbor view and locate next to the expensive ifc shopping mall and be above the airport express train . ifc mall be great for window shopping but be so overprice   for example , clothes in the brooks brother cost three times more than the us â € ™ s . the most impressive about the island shangri la be the   atrium feature the world â € ™ s largest   high chinese silk painting . although the mo landmark and f be both top notched hotel and mo â € ™ s rooms and services be slightly better , i prefer the f purely for its harbor view

this be the model of what a luxury urban hotel should be . from the rooms , replete with sophisticated technology , marble clad bathroom and sleek furnishing , to the spa , which be large , comprehensive and soothe , this hotel offer its guest nearly every service imaginable . and they do it well , and in great style at that

this hotel be quite simply superb , after stay in the peninsula hong kong for   night , we hate it so much that we check out and check into the landmark mandarin oriental

a mix bag of feelings after stay at this hotel    

i think i have book myself into the old mandarin . instead , i find myself at the landmark mandarin oriental hotel what a mouthful

that be the last hotel on our visit in china and it could n't be better . the hotel be small , which be a merit for me , after travel for more than a month and stay in huge crowd hotel . the rooms be big however and very clean . the bathroom be a bliss . ok , you do n't really have a view , since the hotel be on the busy street cross , but that do n't bother me . i have stay in hongkong often enough before , also in the hotel with the view

the landmark , in central , be good hotel if you like to shop or be in the thick of boutique belt . the rooms be large , and have very funky bathroom    rainshowers , large circular tub , and interesting amenities . but there be no view . tuck on queens road central , beside harvey nichols , the hotel be very accesible . the pricing be steep , but service quite good

this be an excellent hotel . location be good in the middle of central , the service be outstanding , the room be very spacious and have a huge bath , it be very clean . i would have give it the highest score if it be n't for the overall layout design of the room itself

what be good

stay here for   night in september , and have travel a lot and stay in a lot of   * hotel , can honestly say this be one of the best

i be totally in love with this hotel ! there be not one thing i woudl change about my stay apart from i wish it have be longer ! we take advantage of the honey moon package we werent actually on our honey moon ! and get an enormous huge   foot round bath and lots of lovely treat like chcolate dip strawberriies and a huge bunch of flower and they even give us breakfast in our room , whatever we want at no extra cost ! ! ! wow ! i have stay in so many hotel , and have to deal with so many diffrent kind of customer service and this place be heaven

we book a standard room in the landmark and arrive around   a .m . , well before the usual check in time . the polite front desk staff apologize for not have the room ready for us but ask if we would like to upgrade to a suite at no extra cost for the inconvenience ! ! now that 's what i call service ! ! the hotel be beautiful  modern , sleek , refined , but much more intimate than many other chain hotels . our suite be huge , with a king bedroom area , separate live room business desk area , and a great , circular spa tub and shower bathroom bigger than most people 's master bedrooms . all the modern amenities  free internet , two plasma screen television , flat screen tv in the bathroom , music system sound everywhere , dvd player , etc   are available . the entire hotel embrace the spa concept , from the rooms to the in house spa , and i have never stay in a place that be more peaceful and quiet in a major city  they must have spend quite a bit on soundproofing . the location ca n't be beat  you 're in the landmark building , which be probably the most expensive shopping mall in hong kong . the hotel be just two block away from the subway system , and be very convenient for any business traveler . our package include breakfast , which be pretty good , and locate in the chic bar area at the entrance . we have stay at the hyatt and the four season in hong kong , but we think the landmark , with it 's tranquil set and perfect service , be the best

first , to make it clear , landmark mo be a great hotel . however , when compare to the four season , i think it 's just not as good . stay at both hotel on recent business trip and here be my take compare the

the hotel be actually outstanding . location in hk be the possible best , facility and services really impeccable , it 's consider the coolest in hg . connection with landmark mall be direct . not to expect huge hall , show off entrances . everything perfectly tailor for what 's need for a a perfect stay , both for business and leisure . also pricing , though high , be well balanced by services and facilities . strongly recommend

stay here for a weekend getaway , yes , it 's possible to have the experience a getaway in the heart of town ! once i check into the hotel , it be as if i enter into another part of town , serene n relax with discreet be the key . as with any other stay in any mandarin , the service be excellent . i personally prefer contemporary deco so the room be stunning n the   be what it say it be , around   sq ft , bigger any standard size hotel rooms still try to figure out how they manage to install a shower n hide all the pipe in the middle of the room , with the surround wall make mostly of glass . anyway , i definitely would n't mind stay there more often

firstly , before we get start , there be a few things to bear in mind if you choose to stay at this hotel

the hotel be very accessible , excellent downtown location . we stay in an   corner suite  spacious room with an excellent layout . all mod cons    tv , huge circular bath , aromatherapy associate toiletries  in fact , you can actually trust the picture on the mo website  what you see be really what you get in this case ! my husband and i book facial in the spa  well worth it as it be the best facial either of us have ever have ! the sap itself be stunning  there 's free internet access there also . breakfast be best in the amber restaurant . it 's buffet style in the mo bar but you 're perch on bar stool and it be quite crowd the day we eat there . the mo bar be very chic , the bar area be incredible though service can be slow . great music with free vodka for girl on thursday when we be there . service be consistently excellent elsewhere in the hotel . we check out the original mo while in town and be glad we choose the more modern landmark . shopper beware  the landmark be part of a high end shopping centre of the same name  gucci be right beside reception       bargain wise , the market be super cheap but the quality match the price . any cosmetic but especially sk ii which be much cheaper compare to uk  ireland price

stay a couple of night in early may . it be definitely worth pre booking the hotel limo and greet service . our bag be ready to go whilst we wait in the immigration line , and we be then escort to the limo suite at the airport to pick up our car . the room be extremely well equip , and whilst the view be n't great other large building , the location be perfect for shopping at the landmark centre , and access to the mrt and star ferry be easy . the mo bar be a cool place to hang out , and the snack and cocktail be spot on . overall the service be very good indeed . try dinner at man wah upscale chinese in the sister oriental hotel   it be great . will definitely stay here again   as soon as possible please

extraordinary service , decor and food . not one single complaint . current favorite hotel anywhere in the world

  stop during our round the world trip , stay at this   star hotel in what they call an   superior king room . very spacious , tasteful decor , big comfy bed , separate sofa     work area with fruit , refreshment     choc leave daily ,   tv 's include one in the bathroom . amazing walk in shower plus a   person tub ! room have some of the most modern gadget i have ever come across , great fun . hotel have excellent spa     pool and even though we do not use , the bar and restaurant look very nice also . the service     staff be great especially the concierge who be very knowledgeable . would definately go back

i travel to hk monthly . i use to do all my stay at the conrad , but now stay at the landmark mandarin

i have stay at the lmo twice    once in late   , and most recently at the end of january      and may i just see ,     wow !     the lmo be in a three way tie with the peninsula and four season as my favorite hk hotel . for my first stay , i book a     suite deal    package for the   suite , the hotel 's largest and worth the extra hk   , for me and a friend . the package include round trip airport transfer in the hotel 's mercedes s class , breakfast , and other amenities , all for about hk     less per day than the regular , non package suite only rate . the airport pickup service be perfect   as others have describe , you 're meet at your gate , seat in an electric cart , and whisk past all the other deplane passenger to immigration . hk 's airport be already the world 's best airport , and the lmo meet and greet service make a pleasant airport experience all the more so

so many others before me have attest in great detail to the beautiful atmosphere and extraordinary service at the landmark mandarin oriental that i can not do much more than add my wholehearted accord to the deservedly glow reviews . our very first moment promise an incredible week long stay . eva , the kind and ultra professional front desk agent , efficiently check us in and then show us to our room , go through the many amenities with us â € “ a delightful arrangement i have never experience before . my room , the smaller of the two type available , be large , comfortable and amazingly outfit with the latest in technology . i be happy to find a leather box with all the cable i would need to connect my laptop to the internet and my ipod to the fully integrated entertainment system . the large , wall mounted flat screen tv serve as the interface for all the entertainment component and be a delight to watch

from the moment i step out of the plane from paris to the day i leave the hotel , the landmark experience be the most extraordinary one i ever have in a   star hotel . the escort from the desembarking jetway , the staff include the room amanager wait for me at the hotel entrance , the light breakfast display in the room before my arrival , the in room check in , the concierge efficiency   all be perfect . all seem easy . the   room be spotless , the spa be amazing of tranquility , simplicity . breakfast at amber restaurant be fantastic

just add my two penny worth , the previous review be very comphrehensive , but here be my experience of the baby mandarin

how could i describe paradise find ? the hotel be exquisite . we opt to utilize their airport transport service , and we be meet right by the gate by a staff member , and whisk through the airport on a golf cart through customs . our luggage be the first one out and we be escort to a luxurious mercedes . a hotel staff member be wait for us at the curb of the hotel , and we be immediately lead to our beautiful corner room on the top floor . it be almost like a dream

from the moment you arrive in hong kong the exceptional service begins . even without a hotel transfer the staff meet you at the gate and ensure you breeze through the airport . check in be swift and courteous . the deluxe rooms be superbly appoint with exceptional attention to detail . make sure you check out the spa , one of the best i have ever encountered . this be the ideal hotel for business and well locate in central hong kong . unbeatable

the spa rooms be bathroom with a room ! room would Ã © cor be very modern and stylish . the perfume scent in the corridor and in the rooms be delicious . the technology gadget on the rooms be super and the rooms be very well appointed . service be outstanding . if you like stylish modern rooms this an excellent option with outstanding service . the location be great from the night scene , wake distance from the best club and bars in hong kong

the trauma involve be have to leave . this hotel be the best i have stay in , anywhere in the world . it 's even better than the original mandarin oriental a couple of block away . the service be different   it 's not as olde worlde as the original mo , but still light years ahead of most other places . we have a landmark suite   which be not cheap at â ‚ ¬   a night , but   honestly   it be the best money i have ever spend on a hotel room . the room be sumptuous   enormous   flat screen tv   rainfall shower   aromatherapy associate toiletry     different kind of robe   gorgeous bed   fruit   the works . there be no harbour or city view at the hotel , but that 's more than make up for by the rooms , spa , bar , service and location . book it

during my recent trip to hong kong , i manage to stay at the island shangri la , langham place , jia , landmark mo and hotel lkf . i have stay at the four season     grand hyatt previously . the landmark mo , without a doubt be the best so far . it be unquestionably hk â € ™ s most glamorous , sophisticated , ultra luxury , contemporary boutique hotel . it set such a high benchmark for other top hotel to follow

i stay here back in january and be still smiling . the staff be incredibly efficient and very accomodating . check in be a breeze , the whole thing complete in our room in minutes . the hotel be very responsive to email enquiry and request from the uk . i ca n't fault it . it would always be nicer if you could get a bargain but you pay for what you get . it 's a great central location . efficient , clean , competent , comfortable and to cap it all i propose to my girlfriend in their fantastic mo bar and she say yes . i will deifnitely go back if ever in that part of the world again

there have be a lot of hype about this hotel and that have largely be warranted . from this entrance to the rooms this hotel simply works . the rooms be huge   mine contain a bed area , a sit area and a massive bathroom , all of which contain plasma televisions . there be also an abundance of useful technology include power operate blind and an intelligent light system . at the time there be no swim pool , something that will change in september , but i do make use of the free area of the spa , containg steam room , sauna , hydrotheraphy pool and scent showers . i never use spa but this be absolutely wonderful and very relax after a busy day in hong kong . the restaurant be impressive but it must be say very expensive . another nice touch that the hotel include be be transport from the plane to the passport check on a bugy . this just highlight the attention to detail that the hotel pay and it be really the superb service that make this hotel . if you do n't mind the lack of view i highly recomend this hotel

