we take this hotel for five night and our stay be perfect ! the room be a bit on a small side but very clean , the staff   from front desk to housekeep be all very friendly and helpful . be in the heart of kowloon   tsim sha tsui , this hotel have a perfect location

staff in club lounge be always friendly and eager to please . deffinately recommend buffet breakfast and the afternoon tea and cocktail hour mean that you could say on food and drink

the registration process be very easy and the staff be very friendly and accommodating . we stay in the premier wing on the   floor , room   and have a great view of the harbour . i agree with the other review that the rooms be small in size comparison to usa standard , but they be clean . i would not consider have more than   people per room . the washroom be clean , although the grout be get old . the toilet do not always flush the first time . it always take at least   try to flush properly . location be great to catch the mtr , high end shopping and ferry to hong kong . amenties below the hotel have ferry access , food and banks . we book the room online with special pricing , so i feel the value be good for the room we get

the location be fantastic easy acces to kowloon park and shopping mall etc . room unavailable even though book well ahead   check in     go for a   walk   then     be seat in foyer while we check again    no follow up so i have to ask again later   very poor . room service be non existent   unable to get fresh milk even after several tries . in my opinion the towel be a disgrace , all tattered at the edge with bit hang off . hot water taps be dangerous   bath very hard to turn off ! bed like a rock   good for samuri warrior not a senior australian

where do i start

a good hotel by the seaside of kowloon side    and with an excellent breakfast buffet ! close to shopping , good restaurant , subway and in the same building as the ferry terminal for macau and china main land

they cover half of wall with dusty carpets . and i have asthma ! ! ! . they could n't change my room because hotel be full . hotel be rate   star hotel but building be very luxury but room be big failure . a c be problem . you can not open windows  i never stay there again . but location   tsim sha tsui it be like heaven very close to top shopping mall , harbour plaza . very luxury brand    gucci , louis vuitton , rolex , dolce

we have stay at the royal pacific several times this year , mostly because of the convenience to the hong kong mainland ferries . now that we 're more familiar with hong kong , we will be stay elsewhere in the future

i want to try this hotel when i see it a few month back , so i decide to book here and i must say it 's a good choice . though room rates during october jack up but still its price remain competitive . i book thru the hotel 's website and avail of the     discount if you stay for   night you get     off . since there be three of us we be book at the tower wing , i am expect the usual extra cot for the third person but to our surprise the room be actually for three person with three single bed , though their bed be the usual single bed but still comfortable for one person . check in be a breeze we arrive early around   and be able to get our room at   ,     simon    even upgrade our room to have a better view of victoria harbor . check out be also not a problem we be even give a complimentary late check out until   though go to the lobby be a bit confusing specially for the first time but you 'll get use to it once you start to go in and out of the hotel . as mention in previous review , the hotel be a bit old and have show sign of better days , but still they maintain it clean and comfortable , probably they 'll soon renovate the rooms to give it a modern touch . i just have a few comment that they should consider   for a hotel on this price bracket they should have at least provide complimentary drinking water and since the room be for   person the glasses and coffee cup should be for three persons . but i 'll definitely consider this hotel again on my next trip

every experience here be great , i and my business partner,staying here for business     pleasure , very much enjoy the stay here . also we love the restaurant downstair which provide very nice buffet dinner . i visit hong kong quite often for business , but i do n't know better hotel than this hotel . there be prenty of place to shop , eat around this hotel and we also enjoy ship     eat out , too . since it be christmas time , around here , pretty much christmas shopper , illumination , etc   very warm atmosphere . anyway very very enjoy the stay

i stay in the tower wing so can not comment on the hotel wing

everything about this hotel be tired and old . the rooms be a decent size and have a exec floor tower room , the view be good . however , these be too few plus for the money pay

we stay at the island pacific when we first arrive in hong kong , go across to china and want to book this hotel again , i rang them and accidently book into the royal pacific   obviously a language barrier when call up ! ! however when we finally arrive at the hotel it be lovely . the room wasnt as big but we could have get a larger room but we opt for the cheapest , the view wasnt great but round the back of the hotel if you get a harbour view it would have be stunning . they have a pierside restaurant with people sing and a bbq outside ! really charming !

i pass through hong kong at least four times a year for the last   years or so and have stay in many hotels . due to the extremely convenient location and the good price , i stay in this hotel more often than others . i have to say that over the years , i watch the hotel age , non gracefully , to the point that after the latest stay last month , i feel it be time to say good bye to this hotel for good unless the management finally decide to renovate it

we stay for one night while travel through hk . the location be the best thing about this hotel . it be locate right above the ferry terminal and connect to shopping and eat

i stay in this hotel with my wife and teenage son for   days . i must admit to be slightly apprehensive at first as i have book the hotel when the review seem more positive . in the few month run up prior to our visit , they seem to slump a bit in the trip advisor ratings . however we have book two tower suite at a siginificant discount directly through the hotel . this be slightly more expensive than use someone like expedia . however by do it this way , we be ensure that we would have a harbour view , and more importantly , we be guarantee access to the executive lounge on the   floor for inclusive breakfast , evening drink and cocktail , and free internet access

have nothing but good words for this hotel . i stay in june for   night and july for   night before go back to canada . it the most convenient location in hk for all transportation include ferries . take   different rooms , one harbour room in june excellent and the next a deluxe room,july , good . have a mall next door and shop in the hotel bottom floors . great staff , willing to help at all times . the partial harbour view rooms be the best value for the bigger space in a hotel room . eat should be outside of the hotel . too pricey if your on a budget . many eat place within   mins . i will stay there again for sure

we stay   night in this hotel and would stay there again if we ever go back the price be amazing ! my   year old daughter and i be both verrrry please with this hotel we stay on the   floor room   in a tower wing grandluxe room with a partial view of the harbor,which be a great view without pay the price ! the room be a good size by western standards the bathroom be wonderful,beautiful marble and large,with a separate bath and shower even the shower be good size with plenty of room and great water pressure

hotel be alright  

be a bit worry when i book this hotel after read subsequent non favourable review on this site   but have to say this hotel be an excellent choice . location be superb ! right on harbour , next to shopping mall     a short walk across a pedestrianised walkway bring you out into kowloon park   complete with flamingo     great walks . the staff at the hotel be very accommodate     eager to please . have never be ask for our body temperature before on registration but the chinese be take swine flu very seriously as further evidence by the number of notice confirm disinfection of certain area at regular intervals . the room we stay in be on the   floor , spacious clean     very acceptable breakfast buffet be great     set you up for the day . would recommend this hotel     definitely stay again

honest best and locate in the heart of hongkong   will come again and

expensive

this be likely a once great property that have become shopworn . the biggest concern be the musty smell in the rooms . would not recommend unless you be on a tight budget . also , be aware that the hotel be not in hong kong   it 's in kowloon . it 's like stay in oakland instead of san francisco

the fist impression of the lobby and surround be good

the room we get be very nice , clean and comfortable . i will really recommend to all my friend and relative

the royal pacific hotel be ideal for our stay in hong kong . it be close to the star ferry terminal and if you shun canton road and use the pretty walkway along the waterside at the back of the hotel you can get to the ferry terminal almost without be ask if you need a tailor or a rolex watch . the hotel be build over the major ferry terminal , so if you want to go to all ferry destination in china , include macau , it be as simple as take the elevator . there be usually a long queue of people checking in and out at the front desk , but the rooms be quite nice and the staff helpful . there be also a walkway from the hotel over canton road to kowloon park , which be a nice patch of green in a hectic city . within second you can leave the crowd street and be sit quietly watch a flock of flamingoes . we find it better to be in kowloon look at the spectacular view of hong kong than the other way around   and catch the star ferry be always a bit of add fun . next time in hong kong we 'll be stay at the royal pacific

this be an excellent hotel . the room be a good size and well equipped . the location be excellent for see the city and its attractions . it be within walk distance to the ferry and the waterfront . the breakfast that come with the room be

i stay at this hotel from   december   to   december . the location be excellent if you want easy access to the harbour and star ferry terminal . just a few steps down from the hotel on canton road you 'll find numerous shopping mall with a large selection of regular to high end to very high end stores . on the other side of canton road be a selection of the usual mix of hong kong store and restaurants . a block further over you 'll find tailor shop , grocery store , jewellery store , an hmv etc

i move to this hotel from the regal riverside hotel , shatin cos i want to be closer to the city centre . they have a winter promotion of buy   free   average price come to about hk     per night . come with a small room could n't fit a cot in there , queen bed , daily fruit and friendly counter staff . be there with wife and infant . do n't want to stay in the dodgy     mansion    areas . it have a great location , be walk distance to restaurant , shopping and ferry terminal . it even have a pedestrian bridge to the park next door . mrt stations be about   min walk away . however , there be n't any mini market around . that mean that buy bottled water become expensive i need clean water for the baby . to sum up , it be smack in the shopping district so everything become expensive when compare to shatin

i book the hotel due to a promotion which be go on . for premier room of consecutive   night ,   night be free . however , it be not a good experience

things that can be acceptable in a     guesthouse do not pass in a more     expensive    hotel

i be concern about the hotel after read the feedback below , but my stay be very pleasant

i stay at the royal pacific in a superior room for   night on a business trip . the location be ideal for shopping and overlook hong kong harbour and be close to the harbour ferry . the decor be slightly date   a   chintz to everything give it away but it be well look after and price seem to be average for the area . breakfast be generally not include in the room price so you may well be better off get it at one of the local shopping centre rather than pay the high in hotel prices . i be n't overawe by the experience but it be good enough

i stay in the royal pacific for a business trip to hong kong . our hk office arrange the reservation , as this hotel be walk distance to the office . not a hotel i would willingly book for myself , ever . first room be on the   floor of the tower wing  upon opening the door i be present with a narrow hall with a closet and very little light . around the corner be a bathroom and   twin bed cram together with dingy comforter and old look pillow , along with a musty smell . suddenly the whole room begin to hum and shudder   it be incredibly loud . the motor system for the elevator be   door down from me . i complain and be move to a   room on the   floor   smaller , quieter but still dark , dingy and very very smelly . i drop my bag and go out to window shop and grab some dinner . upon my return later that night i see how truly decrepid the bathroom be   black mildew or mold be grow on the side of tub and along the tile trim in the shower . the shower curtain itself have a mildew dirt ring around the bottom , and there be sound of gurgle and glugging from the bathroom floor drain all night . i would not recommend this hotel to anyone . i be be force by my company to stay there again next week   supposedly in an     upgraded    room after they contact hotel management about my experience  but even that be not reassure base on the general dinginess of the hotel overall

we stay for two days in this hotel . the location be very good ! the ferry station be just below the hotel . we just take the elevator up and voila we be already in our rooms ! the room be quite small though , my husband and i keep on bump into each other as the space at the edge of the bed be good only for one person to pass by . it 's neat though . at around us     , we think it 's good value for our money

we stay in this hotel for   night august   in our first visit to hong kong

this place be locate about a   minutes ' walk from the star ferry terminal , and about   to the subway . and great walk they be , one down canton road and the other across kowloon park . also , the boat to macao departs directly from the hotel building . it be quite luxurious , and inexpensive in us dollar

this be probably one of the better hotel i have stay at in hong kong . the view of the harbour be amazing , the price be fair ,     the rooms be quite nice . the location 's good for the tst side , it 's just above the ferry terminal     closer to harbour city     the star ferry pier

my family of   stay at this hotel from aug   ,   we book through a travel agent and we be give two rooms ,   in the tower . rooms be clean , bed firm , pillow soft , carpet clean , bathroom bigger than usual with a separate shower cubicle and bath . i can only fault the light as it be too muted . the staff be courteous and helpful . i opt to include breakfast , as advise by one review , and we enjoy the buffet . in the cafe . it be a mix of west cearals , hotcake , bread and east congee , vegetarian rice , steam dimsum . the gym be open   hours and though small be complete with a treadmill , weight machine and stepper

ok   let me start by say i know some people who happen to really like this hotel    i be not one of them

i have stay at the royal pacific many times because of the convenient location china ferry be   steps from the breakfast buffet ! lately i have be stay in the executive side , and the staff there have a much better attitude , but on the other hand you pay for that , and it be still an extra hkd     per print sheet of paper from the     free    computer in the executive center

we stay at royal pacific hotel and tower for two separate nights . choose the hotel because of its close proximity to the china ferry terminal and a free shuttle to kowloon station for the airport

we stay in this hotel for   night and   days . it be a brief , but wonderful . the hotel be very nice , and the spectacular view of victoria harbour be excellent . great location . a perfect place for the family . the staff be very helpful and we enjoy one of our best meal at the caf Ã © on the park . it be close for everything , like ferry terminal , shop and parks . we would definitley recommend this hotel to others

this be my second trip to hong kong and i select the royal pacific hotel after read some of the review and the description on their website . my girlfriend and i have a great time and enjoy our stay there . the staff at the hotel be very nice , friendly , and attentive . i book a superior room in the tower wing and find the room to be very comfortable , ample , and very clean . the bathroom be very nice , clean , and have a separate shower and tub , a bit larger than other hotels . the hotel be close to virtually all location in kowloon . you can walk to the back and walk along the waterfront , cross over to kowloon park , or take the escalalators down to the three story mall , where you will find pacific coffee house and a starbucks   the bottom floor exit on canton road where you will find the harbor mall and many other store , restaurant , and attractions . five days go by too fast for us and we hope to return later this year . we will definitely stay at the royal pacific hotel again and would recommend it to anyone

the primary motive for book a room here be the location   as the majority of my trip be spend in the mainland , stay directly above the ferry terminal to mainland china be a great benefit . during the rest of the time in hong kong , the location also provide easy access to the rest of hong kong . it be near a mall , very close to the walk of star where the nightly laser light show can be see , the museum , and the ferry across the bay to the other side of the city

this hotel have certainly see better days . the book rooms be sell out so we be upgrade to the best category of rooms they had . a good size room give hong kong standard . the room be clean , although there be a sizeable from the bathroom door to the center of the room stain on the carpet . fresh fruit be provide each day . the front desk staff and everyone else on staff that we meet be pleasant and very helpful . if you be planning on go to macau , an excellent choice , as the hotel sit overtop the actual ferry terminal . two escalator down from the lobby and there you are . about a   minute walk to the mrt hong kong subway system and from nathan street one of the major throughway of hong kong . overall , a good hotel , but i be sure there be better choice for the money

the location of this hotel be unbeatable ! the price be reasonable compare to the other hotel in the area

we stop by here for the chinese new year in hong kong

we stay here for the convenience of the ferry terminal to macau

i miss the last ferry to shenzhen so i pick this hotel simply as it be part of the complex . i just walk in and ask for a room

i have return from hong kong and i have absolutely no regret that i choose the royal pacific . it be a beautiful hotel and the room be big , clean and simply perfect . stay there with my mother who be also very pleaed with the hotel

my wife and i stay here for a few days before head on to bali , and we like it a lot . they do upgrade us to a suite . it be a good price for the room , and it be n't a big us chain hotel . the rooms be of course smaller than at home , but they be very clean , modern and make good use of the space at hand . they also leave us some fresh fruit in the room when we arrived . we be able to get to it use the free shuttle bus from the airport express train station in kowloon . that be a big relief after a long flight from canada . from the hotel it be only a   minute walk to the famous star ferry terminal that get us over to downtown . for tourist , this be a better way to go than book a hotel in the more expensive central district

just return on   dec   comfortable stay . conveniently locate within walk distance from tsim sha shui mtr

it be a very enjoyable stay , near the cruise centre and the main street . the bed be very comfortable and the window have view of the sea . very good experience

i and my family stay in this hotel for   night from   nov to   nov .   contrary to some negative comment , we find there be nothing wrong with the hotel in terms of conditions and locations . i book   rooms and be give one upgrade room at the executive floor overlook the harbour . the view be nice . both the rooms i book be in excellent condition , clean and cosy

we stay here go to and from china for a total of   nights . overall we be happy with our experience . the rooms be large by hong kong standards . yes it be a bit shabby but that be not uncommon in hk . the room be a bit older and the bathroom would have be wonderful   or more years ago . but no complaint

first stay in this hotel in   and again in oct   which mean you can tell this be an old hotel . rooms be old but properly maintain and bathroom be extremely small . renovation be ongoing during my stay in oct   which mean it be a little noisy during the day which mean you can not sleep

i stay by myself in this hotel earlier this year for   nights . the package deal with my travel agency include a free upgrade to one better than the cheapest room i ca n't remember the name

the deluxe room give to us look to me like a superior room because i be expect a separate shower facility as advertise in their website but ours be only shower bathtub . i know   rooms with separate shower facility , deluxe and grandluxe rooms . deluxe rooms face the city building while grandluxe rooms face partial harbour view . since there be no separate shower facility , i presume i be give a superior room ? ? i write an email about this but there be still no reply from them

we stay two night at the royal pacific in the midst of the conference season and secure a tower room for   hkd . it be not the height of luxury but be large   square metre and perfect for a family of four one infant . location be excellent with a traffic free pier great view to hk island and nice to relax at night on one side and kowloon park on the other   both great place for kid to run around

the front desk at the royal pacific tower be very friendly and helpful , we have book the room through travelocity for a great deal for   rooms ,   double and   triple . only that the triple be a smoking room , we want a non smoking room , they offer to spray down the room so the smell of the smoke would go away , but we be pretty insistent that wouldnt work and plus all of us have allergy so that would have be a bad move . they be very helpful in change room to a non smoking floor . much better but the room not look like what their website show as for photo of rooms . the hotel part where the double room be small but newer but the bathroom be not updated . our room with a rollaway be a decent size and the bathroom be too , so we be pleasantly surprised . their cafe on the park restaurant be good . the area of the hotel be prime location for shopping so we be very thrill

ask for room face the victoria harbor on the tower wing    and you can sit there and enjoy the light across the harbor every night . never regret for choose that hotel for our stay in hk . there 's a ferry terminal beside the hotel and mtr be tsim tsa tsui just walk across a park . the rates we get be great and it be package with cx airline

we stay at the royal pacific hotel and tower because it seem to be one of the cheapest quality hotel i think it 's a * * * , not a * * * * as state in another review in hk and we want to stay in the peninsula for our final few days . the rpht enable us to do this without spending far too much on our stopover from sydney to london . furthermore , the hotel be situate directly over the china ferry terminal , and we want to take a ferry to macau from this terminal on one of our days there

it be quite nice    the rooms be not above the european standard , but they be clean and spacious . the location it be in quite place , but very close to the main street nathan   . i would stay again in this hotel

i stay in the tower wing deluxe room , the room be much more spacious than what i expect , and the bathroom be huge . the bed be comfortable . fairly good location , with shopping arcade just beneath , though obviously pale in comparison to other hotel like miramar , as it be quite a distance from the mtr station walk able distance though

my husband and i stay at the hotel wing over the weekend . we

hi , this hotel have the greatest location , near shopping , ship , mtr all , but my room be very old the bathroom be scary roof be fall , from how old it be , their towel be as thin as papers . the pillow stink . wall in the room dirt be realy dirty , carpet full of stain . i have to put my cloth on the pillow to be able to sleep on it . however the size be great , the people there be eager to help when they can speak english . cheking in be fast . i would stay there again if they renovate the rooms . location , again be really great

stay there between   and   of may   , the the hotel wing . stay on the so call   floor there be n't that many ! . the lift end on the   floor , so one floor for the poor bellboy to lug our luggage ! . rooms be pathetically small and uncomfortable . we have a connect room , the connect door of which could not be fully open without touch the bed in either rooms . air condition be function below par in one of the rooms , but be promptly set right . staff be indifferent but efficient . the major plus point be the location   lie above a huge mall with all sort of eatery and store , and the metro and ferry be just next door

ok hotel . we be in a standard room in the hotel wing and it just adequate for me and my son  there do not seem to be any facility other than a lift and the lobby and the coffee shop downstairs which get most of the credit   nice coffee and danish and free internet  we be in hk for a week and i really do not feel they notice we be there  apart from if we leave the curtain open at dusk when some one come up to close them

the royal pacific have a tower wing and a hotel wing . we find the layout quite confusing as there be seperate lift for different floor etc

we stay at this hotel for three night in late march . it have an excellent location in tsim sha tsui , directly above the china ferry terminal ferry to china and macao and a   walk to the star ferry . there be a pedestrian bridge to kowloon park , a walkway to view the hong kong harbor , and a mall downstairs , and lots of restaurant and shop in the area . the concierge be extremely helpful . the standard rooms be very small , and have old furnishing and carpet . the shower have lots of mildew between the tile , but housekeep take care of the problem immediately . this be not our first hotel choice , but many hotel be book due to a big conference . nevertheless , we be very happy with the hotel . we pay     for the first two night and     for the last night . book early via the website for discount

we book with expedia and pay nearly     for one night stopover . we be terribly disappoint

this be a peculiar building , separate into two physically distinct low rise tower beside the china ferry pier . i stay in a 'club executive ' room for five night , at a rate that be n't especially low but not real high either , compare to luxury hong kong hotel like the island shangri la

stay here with my husband and two child and think it be ideal for us

since i am come in through macau , i think it would be ideal to book myself at royal pacific tower , which be just above the ferry port . true to the core , it 's a floor above the arrival hall the only frustrate point be that the macau ferry port be such a long walk to the exit gates of a floor under the hotel lobby

the royal pacific hotel be a very good hotel to stay in hong kong . it be conveniently locate along canton road where public transport be so accessible

this be not the first time i stay at the royal pacific hotel and i love come back everytimes . staff be all friendly and nice , and they even recognize me ! location be great as the ferry to china be just downstair . the hotel seperate into   wings , hotel wing     tower wing . i stay at the tower wing everytime and the room size be good enough . it provide wireless internet service at hk     per day which be a hong kong price . sometimes i can see the victoria harbour view from my room , it be beautiful at night ! i also love the bathroom as it have seperate shower and bath which can not easily find in most of the hk hotel . with no doubt , i will come back to stay in this hotel next time , for sure

we arrive in hong kong after a   hour flight and proceed to go by bus   minutes to kowloon to check into the hotel . there be   in our group require   rooms . we be offer an upgrade to the top floor   which be reserve for smoking   this floor give us a view of the star ferry area and the harbor . the maid clean the rooms wipe down wood and spray to rid of any smoking odor . the rooms be spacious   twin bed hard as boards beautiful full marble bath with tub and separate shower . the amenities supply in the room be first class . there be a restaurant locate down one floor from the hotel , which comp those stay in the hotel for one breakfast each day . excellent food   generous   buffet to include hot , cold , eastern and western and continental foods . also locate beneath the hotel be the bus and ferry stations to depart to go to macau . shopping center be also accessible from this location via underground walkway , as well as kentucky fry chicken and mcdonalds if you must . the hotel be alongside canton rd which have wonderful shopping plaza plus there be an internet cafe nearby free of charge with a purchase of a drink . the hotel have a business floor   offering internet service for   hk   per   min   not worth it as their connection be too slow and troublesome . suggest you use the internet cafe

we stay   night on   the room be a little small , but the be a small minus . friendly staff , very clean and modern hotel   i would say give it at least   stars . great location at canton road , just a short walk from star ferry . there be a really nice cafe downstairs with wireless internet

come from the hotel business myself , i find the lay out a little strange . we get drop off in a parking lot and have to go through a renovation process . once up , we have to cross some kind of walkway to go to the actual lobby . the breakfast restaurant be one floor down , in which seem to me , a ferry terminal slash shopping area . also , for some reason they have a few steps to get to the elevator for the tower . have to bounce the suitcase up and down , as there be n't always someone pay attention

just come back from a   stay in hong kong . stay in the hotel wing with my gal pal

this hotel be very well run and managed excellent location to all shopping and rapid transit the rooms be spacious and very clean response time to request be incredible and sincere this be very well appreciated i be in the hotel business in canada and travel frequently and must say that this be one of the best run hotel kudos to the gm,nelson lee who i have not meet but judge by hotel benchmarks,my family and i highly recommend this hotel to any traveller come to hong kong whether on business or pleasure

we have a great time at the royal pacific            opt for the club floor but the additional expense be well worth it . great service and good quality breakfast , tea and evening drink

we spend two night in the royal pacific tower , and have the follow observation

i stay here in august   , with my friend when visit her dad in china , we stay for   days at the begin of our holiday , it be beauitful hotel , styaed in th exceutive suite which be incredible as the view at night be amazing from our room , we have the breakfast buffet in the morning which be really nice , everything be near by , plus there be a shopping centre under the hotel , use the stair near the reception , you get the river at the same and bridge which look down one of the street , brilliant photo chance , very comfortable bed , nice and clean , and alot of

after stay in another hotel on our first visit to hong kong we be very disappoint when we check in to this hotel . yes it be quite conveniently locate close to the fun shopping area , but the hotel wing really need attention . we be originally give a very small room in the hotel wing with   twin beds . after complain , we be upgrade to an equally small deluxe room , also in the hotel room . at least this room have be refurbish and be fine for a short stay , but still not worth stay in . eventually we end up in a premium room in the tower . finally a room be what we have originally expected . this hotel be worth stay in , only if you get a great deal , and only if you be in the tower

