what can i say about this hotel ? it be very grand and opulent . roomservice be superb  really good pasta in a timely manner ! the bathroom be nice , especially with the tv in the bathroom too

the peninsula exceed our high expectation ! it be off the   scale

the best urban hotel in asia . extraordinary rooms and service . cleanliness , dignity , goodness , and comfort . my only plaint be the location   kowloon . a more average locale in light of the hotel 's gloriousness . of course the pen . be expensive , but well worth it .     for a great , big , beautiful room . great fresh fruit at breakfast . amazing light and ac . free wifi . felix trendy bar up top be overrated . tea downstairs be also overrate , but perhaps worth a whirl . the lounge in the basement , madame ning 's be loud and silly but fun

just return from   days stay at the peninsula . from arrival to departure the service be slick , and all attention to detail be present . we be regular traveller to hong kong  singapore and have stay in the other chains eg oriental   intercontinental   shangri la and i must say for us the peninsula top ! ! it might not suit everyone though especially with strict dress code and old fashion values but for us it be right up our street

just stay at the peninsula in hong kong again and enjoy it just as much as we have previously

we get upgrade to a harbour view room , and it be amazing

the moment we arrive at the airport , we be receive by the guest service agent of the hotel as well as the airport staffs . the man from the hotel sorry i forgot his name be there to make sure everything go well and to take care of anything that we may need . we be then chauffered away in the hotel 's signature limo , the roll royce . the journey take about   minutes or so

this be our second time to the peninsula and the welcome back be exceptional . we be meet at the airport by our personal attendant who escort us and our luggage to our wait rolls . we be meet at the hotel by staff who be well train in international etiquette and our transition from long flight to suite be flawless . you be tend to with exceptional service that make you feel like royalty . absolutely perfect

we alert the hotel that we be celebrate our   wed anniversary and they make this a celebration that we will remember for the rest of our life ! upgrade to the peacock suite  corner suite on the   floor  floor to ceiling windows in every room , include a harbour view from the jacuzzi . champagne and cake and a butler await us upon our arrival . restaurant reservation be make by the concierge in advance and be perfect

this hotel be simply one of the best . staff be great and accommodating . rooms be beautiful . i usually stay at modern look hotel but this one have a very nice atmosphere to it despite its nostalgic charm

ok   difficult one this . we use to live in hong kong some   years ago and whilst want to visit the peninsula we never do find the opportunity . it be an experience i regret miss so when the opportunity arise to spend a couple of night there we leap at the chance . be i disappoint or be i ecstatic ? neither really   the old lady certainly live up to my expectation of a     grand hotel    with some gem   the swim pool for example , the size of the room , the attention to detail but equally some things disappoint   the lack of tea make facility , the lack of flower in the room , the expectation that you would have a blouse iron rather than leave an iron in the room , the fact that the room smell of , well , damp . we stay elsewhere in another   * hotel for the other   night of our stay at about a third less in cost   equally good   but if i am talk about cost then i accept that maybe i am miss the point          

i visit hk every month and stay in some nice hotel the four season , mandarian etc . i realise that after   years of visit i have not stay in the pen   so i spen four night there this month

on the evening of september   ,   at approximately       p .m . i be at the peninsula hotel in hong kong . my husband and i be meeting a friend for cocktail at the felix club bar . however , i be refuse entry due to my birkenstock footwear . the staff say since they do n't a have heel no half moon shape heel glue to the sole on them so they be not acceptable shoes as they be neither fully leather nor do they have a heel , thus be consider beach shoes . meanwhile i am neatly dress in smart casual clothes   a sleeveless polo shirt with a collar and a skirt . the birkenstocks i have on , patent leather gizeh thong with a suede line footbed , be a high quality , well made shoe . in order to gain entrance the staff suggest that i go out and buy a pair of sandal with heel for   dollars . anything with a heel , no matter how small would do they say

another stay at the penn     not quite as good as in previous years

i have stay several times at the peninsula and always find it to be extremely good . the staff and rooms have always be lovely and i have greatly enjoy my visit there . this trip i arrive to find a confusion over the room book which take two hours to sort out . after an   hour flight , however , most people want to shower and change clothes immediately , so this delay be quite uncomfortable . this be eventually resolve and i be take to the suite . this be not like the suite i have stay in before . there be no plant or flower and it seem very bland and characterless . it be also at the back of the hotel overlook some extensive roadworks . other than this the hotel be good . although on previous stay staff member tend to remember your name this time i may as well have be one of the many tourist visitor that wander through the lobby

on our way to the olympics in beijing , we stop in hong kong for three night at the peninsula . i have be fortunate to have travel all over the world and to stay in many exceptional hotel , but the overall experience at the peninsula in hong kong top any hotel in which i have ever stayed . from the pick up at the bottom of the jetway at hong kong 's huge international airport , to the roll royce limo transfer to the hotel , to the in room check in , to dinner our first night at the roof top felix restaurant , we be amaze and wow at every turn by the peninsula and its staff

stay at the peninsula for five night as the first leg of our family trip

we stay a single night take advantage of an offer include a courtyard room rack at about hk     + ,   way rolls royce transfer their fleet of   rrs be a Â £   loss leader , breakfast and several small benefit for hk     net

my husband and i stay here on the last leg of our   week honeymoon . when we arrive , a beautiful bouquet , box of handmade chocolate and bottle of good champagne await us how different from the start of our honeymoon when we stay in a suite at , supposedly , the best hotel in vancouver and receive a bottle of undrinkable sparkle wine . my only negative comment be the felix restaurant which i do n't think be particularly good and we go on chinese new year so you 'd expect something really fab ! and the afternoon tea which be disappointing . however , the pool be a delight and the hotel really be rather special

my boyfriend surprise me with a trip to hong kong . as i do n't know i do n't have time to do my research . when we arrive at the airport a roll royce be wait for us to take us to the hotel . when we arrive we go striaght to the room where we check in . there be no wait at reception . the hotel and everyhting it bring be excellent . the only issue be high tea this can make the reception area very busy due to the tourists . however the staff always put the hotel guest first . the concierge be excellent and very helpful

what a lovely stay   luxury beyong compare . have two rooms   a beautiful courtyard room for the child , and a     beyong compare    stunning delux suite bigger than most home in the world . rooms be immaculate and decorate in the utmost of glamour . hard to keep a poker face when first enter the suite   kid go crazy exploring . beautiful dine room ,     family room    , luxury bedroom , luxury bathroom and powder room , expansive walk in closet , and all the amenities your heart could ever desire and then some

best in kowloon . quiet and peaceful oasis in the midst of the frenzied kowloon activity . exceptional staff provide flawless , unobtrusive service

second stay at the pen after a four year break , but many visit to hk . wonderful service , harbour view room worth every penny to watch the coming and going on the water front , and of course the light show each evening . rooms beautifully equip and room service superb . staff wonderfully helpful retrieve a bag leave on the incoming aircraft , yes you be be pay a hefty tariff but its worth it for the all round experience

i have visit hong kong before and stay elsewhere and always have afternoon tea at the peninsula 's lobby , vow i would stay their on my return someday . they be run some special and so it be a good value to stay here on this trip and it be spectacular . the view of the harbor be terrific , especially at night . and get pick up at the airport in a roll royce , well , let 's just say , that do n't happen all the time and i 'd better not get too use to it ! the furnishing be designer perfect and give a very relax effect . we use the pool and fitness center , enjoy the bar scene in the evening too . the service throughout the hotel be very friendly and top notch . the shop in the hotel be also of high quality and the price be n't bad . the location be fine for take the ferry and get to major sights . i especially enjoy visit aberdeen

great hotel , wonderful atmosphere , friendly service,delicious breakfast

i have visit hong hong on many occasion and the peninsula remain the favorite . others may be superior in one , or another category , but the peninsula be the most elegant . this time we splurge on a corner suite that surpass all expectations . fresh flower in each room , furnishing that best those in most designer home and many small touch include a lovely tray of welcome chocolate , fresh fruit daily , a welcome gift in a beautiful lacquer box and an incredible spa tub in the corner with view over kowloon . view from the higher floor corner suite be amazing they come equip with a telescope    they be especially wonderful to watch typhoon molave batter the city below during our stay

this be the first stop on our honeymoon and as such arrange a pick up from the airport in a roll royce â € “ such luxury ! ! our room be beautiful and have everything i could want , include a view of the harbour . my favourite things where breakfast in the lobby â € “ i â € ™ have never see such a fuss make over tea â € “ just fab ! ! and the pool area where you can sunbathe and look over hong kong harbour

there be not too many hotel that make you feel like their most important guest . even in our humble taxi , pull up along side the peninsula â € ™ s gleam fleet of green rolls royce phantom make us feel , well rich

stay here during a fly visit to hong kong in april   great rooms and excellent service . not sure about location as we spend our entire time in and be whisk between business meeting elsewhere

after get marry in hong kong , my husband and i spend a couple of night at the peninsular before go on our honeymoon . we be unsure where to go as it be such a special occassion , but have many high recommendations . the hotel be great , the staff very helpful and nice without fawn too much

i spend the weekend with my girlfriend in one of the superior harbour view suites . normally that costs a large fortune but they be currently run a deal whereby if you pay rack price for the first night in a suite , the second night be free . so only a small fortune . and it be worth every cent . well , kind of   can such luxury ever be justify

the staff be helpful and friendly   location be terrific . the river view , especially at night with the neon light be awesome . rooms be     not cheap    but worth the price     in hotel    restaurant be good . the hotel be note for it     high tea    in the afternoons . preference in seat if you be a guest   wait in long line if you be n't . highly recommend this property

i have such high expectation of the peninsula that i be bind to be disappointed . other hotel i have be eager to try on this trip ie . the oriental in bangkok have be less than delightful , and the peninsula have such a high reputation to meet . it could not have be a better experience . this be simply the best manage and most wonderful hotel in the world . i can not imagine a more hospitable and efficient staff exist anywhere . the hotel building itself be gorgeous , the room be incredible we have a suite , and the whole package be perfect . i be picky , we have complex need travel with child overseas for a long duration , and we be travel weary upon arrival . i feel like we be wrap up in a great big cashmere hug during our visit to the peninsula , and i still dream of return

stay for   night with my husband and brother in feb   , what an amazing hotel , be pick up from the airport in one of the famous roll royce phantom , for an extra charge but well worth it , checkin be do in the room so no hastle at all , fresh fruit and hand make chocolate on arrival and every night , perfect sevice and so clean and efficiant , loads of designer shop in the hotel so not forget the credit card , felix bar on the top floor perfect for cocktail and view across victoria harbour , i definatly would would go back again , perfect

when i leave this hotel , the concierge give me a teddy bear to take home â € “ she remember that my young son have a birthday come up . this be the sort of place the peninsula be

the peninsula be a good hotel but it fall short of the high expectation i have , maybe because i stay first at the superior mandarin oriental

stay at the peninsula with my two child after have stay there with my husband the previous year . my child be   and   and they be beautifully accommodate down to chocolate in the room and special bed linen . we be even tell where it be not appropriate to take them in the hotel which be very helpful . we be upgrade to a harbour view suite which be absolutely amazing , it even have a small room for the luggage with its own door to the corridor

the peninsula hong kong be among good company in hong kong , although it be a clear stand out ! in hong kong there be so many hotel to choose from   mandain oriental , grand hyatt , four season , etc     i be able to have a meal at each of these establishment and thoroughly enjoy all of them ! even though we go here on vacation , i know several people who live in hong kong or on the island and be able to take me around to the various dine and shopping establishments . i shall talk about that later in my review . from the moment the green roll royce pick us up from the airport we know this be go to be an incredible stay a feature that guest be treat to free of charge , no matter the room rate or category . after a light traffic ride we arrive in the driveway . the peninsula be a grand dame no doubt and be very tower and impressive . we step into the lobby and be take to haven ! it be so beautiful and ornate . we be check into our suite which be quick and efficient . have absolutly no complaint about the suite . it be spacious , in the newer and taller tower and have an impressive view of the hong kong skyline and victoria harbour . we then decide to kick our week long stay off with a nice dinner at the hotel 's most formal restaurant , gaddi 's . a local institution that have be around for many years serve high quality gourmet french cuisine . we would have never know we be not in paris if it be not for the cantonese writing on the menu , the service be impeccible and the food and atmosphere superb ! the next day by myself , i decide to check out the much anticipate peninsula shopping arcade ! i be so impress that i never buy a single thing outside the hotel , everything be inside ! ! ! all the designer you could think of to boot ! ! ! i also treat myself to afternoon tea in the hotel lobby , even though i be go to have it the next day with a friend . this tea be the best of many throughout the entire trip and would definatly recommend it to a friend . i have put it at the top of a     to do    list before we come and have hesitation it be go to be a tourist trap when i see the amount of people but once again in peninsula fashion , the serive , atmostphere and food quality all delivered . not to mention the tea selection ! which be one of the largest i have ever see in a restaurant . that night for dinner , we be treat to a cocktail reception and dinner at the hotel 's felix which be locate at the top of the tower . i really enjoy the quite modern restaurant compare to the more subttle gaddi 's but find it enjoyable and fun . i opt to again not explore the city the next day and call my friend to see if she could take me out shopping . she take me to causeway bay , hong kong 's verision of a times square or picadelly circus . the lee garden mall   and   be absolutly stunning and have just a selection that the hotel have in their shops . we then saunter over to the financial district to the also famous mandarin oriental hotel which have just open after a multi million dollar rennovation . my friend be a regular there and everywhere else we go , recieved an extremely warm welcome and be give a table , even though we do n't have a reservation , in the clipper lounge to take afternoon tea . there be many people who also do not have reservation that be turn away who look rather upset but we do n't care ! ! ! the tea here be also fantastic although not as much of a production as the peninsula ! the set be also a little more lay back and casusal just off the main lobby instead of in the middle of it like the pen ! that night for dinner at the hotel again , this time in spring moon a traditional shanghai restaurant . this be a beautiful two story dine room that be model after a   shanghai nightclub supperclub but be also very glamorous in an old world way . we be serve a combination of dim sum and peking duck and have a wonderful time again . the food fest continue the next day when i meet my friend as reserve for sunday brunch at the grand hyatt ! a beautiful buffett at tiffin the hotel 's casual restaurant although very large and somewhat noisy ! it offer a lovely view of the surround cool office building and have a very casual lounge like set with an impressive display of food ! one of the best brunch i have ever have ! we then venture out to ocean park , hong kong 's most popular theme park where we have great fun the rest of the day on the ride and see the animal shows . she and her driver then drop me off at the hotel where since i be run a little late , practically run to the restaurant we be have dinner at , chesa again the pen . with absolutly stunning swiss cuisnine , a group of us order fondue and raclette in various version and love every single one ! this be probably the most friendly fun dinner of the entire trip . the next day , i choose to book a tour so that i could really see hong kong , this include a trip to victoria peak , star ferry cruise and of course lunch at jumbo , the float restaurant . jumbo offer nice food but have tourist trap spell out all over it . the only i would not advise do but oh well . that night i suggest that we venture out of the hotel for dinner at go back to the mandarin oriental in central , however instead of the clipper lounge we go to the very upscale pierre on the top floor . this french restaurant be a cross between the pen 's gaddi and felix . it be great and be similar to joel robuchon 's atelier restaurant series in my mind ! the next day my friend take me to lantau island which be where disney world or land be locate ! have be to both california and florida this do not even come close but be rather enjoyable see as how i adore disney anything ! i then meet the group at the four season hotel again in central for our last dinner in hong kong , because my friend life at the four seasons . we have dinner at one of their two signature restaurant , the french one obviously , caprice . it be absolutly stunning , again high quality french food . this restaurant have a fantastic view of kowloon and the harbour we could even see our hotel lit up ! ! i really really enjoy my entire trip to hong kong and would certainly go back in a heartbeat ! i preferred it over beijing for sure ! our final day , we eat breakfast as we do every morning in verandah and then pack into the complimentary roll royce that take us to the airport this time about a   minute ride ! we then fly on to our next chinese destination

my husband and i stay here on our honeymoon in november . we book the roll royce transfer which be absolutely amazing , such a nice way to be greet when you arrive off a long haul flight

my husband and i stay at the peninsula a few summer ago while on holiday in asia . the hotel be absolutely beautiful and about as   star as it get ! gorgeous lobby , and gorgeous rooms complete with marble bathroom , flat screen tv 's , and nightly turn down service complete with heated slipper and chill evian by the bed

my son and i stay at the peninsula hotel in hong kong during a trip to china . we absolutely love it ! the rooms be luxurious , the service superb , and the food divine . i have never enjoy a hotel stay more

stay   night in this hotel and if it be not perfection , it be as close as you could ever get

the sheer luxury of this hotel will not disappoint . it seem a little impersonal and busy when you arrive to find dozens of people all have afternoon tea in the lobby , but once in the sanctury of your room , its absolutely amazing

my wife and i have the pleasure to stay at the peninsula during our christmas   year   holiday   it be our first trip to hong kong and we really want to stay at the peninsula base on its reputation   the experience live up to very high expectations   the hotel manage to blend the traditional with the modern   the lobby be bright and open and fill with white marble and column accent with chinese prints   the rooms we have a harbour view room be decorate in a classical chinese style yet have all of the modern amenities   the view of the harbour be mesmerizing   i could have stay in the room all night to watch the light of hong kong and the ship in the harbour   the spa area be lovely but my wife say the treatment be only ok   one note , the hotel be on the kowloon side of hong kong not on the main island    this give you the best view but there be arguably more to do on the main island

spend   night at the peninsula in january   my wife and i book a     deluxe harbour view    room . although the room be very expensive , we feel it be worth the money . the view completely take your breath away every time you enter the room

stay at the peninsula hk for   night , just after christmas . stay at a deluxe king size bed room and find it to be spacious , comfortable , although not over the top luxurious e .g . , no espresso maker , high tech ipod audio system , etc . rooms do in very tasteful and classy manner . pure old school and do very well

i stay two night at the peninsula at it be probably the most memorable hotel stay i ever had . everything in this hotel be about high end quality   the service , the furniture , the food . the club sandwich i order be the most delicious sandwich imaginable . the   o Â ´ clock tea time in the hall be excellent . highly recommend be the spa with a fanastic view on hong kong bay . if you want to enjoy the atmosphere and luxury on one of the best hotel in the world , check in at the peninsula

be spend time in hk but do n't stay at the peninsula . go there for the high tea and have the follow comment

what a disappointment . we have a deluxe harbour view room on   floor . when we walk into the room we would have walk straight back out again if it have n't be for the view . the rooms have no character and need refurbishment . i must admit that the bathroom be fantastic

when i be a student visit hong kong about   years ago , i stay in a grotty place on nathan road and swore that next time i be in hong kong , i would stay at the peninsula . the opportunity arise recently when my wife and i decide to make an overnight stop on the way to new zealand

hotel interior be as usual grand but definately not the best as in some others  ,probably in the good old days yes , its the best interior but with so many newer   star hotel that have better lobby hotels staff in the reception be good but cant be say about the other staff in the lobby where the grace n smile r obviously missing looks like courtesy be not a priority here  must avoid the verandah at the first floor,service be bad n food be miserly little my house maid have more grace n manners serve meals ,not befit a   star status plates n spoon etc r not lay ont the table in a nice way,more of be force to perform n also there be no eyes contact at all with the customers only good things about this be the limousine service n the airport pickup which of cos be pay for at a high cost other than that i cant say much good things about this hotel sometimes im confused by some review that say that the lobby be extraordinary which i not think so i think its ok but definately noit a must see attraction

my first recommendation as a peninsula guest be to pre book a roll royce transfer upon arrival at hong kong intl airport . at the arrival gate , you be meet by an airport staff who escort you through immigration and help you to collect your luggage . what a shame i fly cathay pacific Â ´ s first class and automatically be the first passenger to disembark the boeing  

we spend   night in this hotel as part of our honeymoon and have no hesitation in say it be the best hotel we have ever stay in

stay there for one night in november â € ™  

wonderful hotel ! we love the location and the whole experience . the morning breakfast in the lobby be awesome . it be break up in the multiple course , we love it . a word of caution , we come down one morning as american tourist ready to go for a day of walk around and i think i be wear flip flops . the waiter be very polite but ask me the return in pants and shoes for breakfast there . maybe a little over the top formal but worth it and it create a nice feel

we have stay all over the world and continue to feel that this hotel be the best in the world . the service be understate but really fabulous   the restaurant be vary and excellent   the location and view ca n't be beat   and the gym have absolutely everything you want . tea in the lobby be fabulous , and you should definitely stay here if you can

this be my hong kong heaven . upon arrival at the airport the peninsula staff greet us directly from the aircraft and guide us to the wait roll royce . we be check in with speed and we have originally book a deluxe harbour view room but be upgrade to a deluxe harbour view suite . the suite be on a corner so the windows overlook the harbour and star ferry site . a good size with lobby , lounge , bedroom , dress area and a fabulous bathroom with a jacuzzi bath which be surround by windows overlook the city . we be locate on the   floor in suite   the room have fresh fruit daily , we take breakfast in the suite every day as the peninsula have a strict policy of no flip flop or sandal in any of the restaurant which be a pain as due to the humidity this be all i have with me . trainer or enclose shoes be the only acceptable footwear no matter how fancy your sandal or flip flop might be ! breakfast be limited and they only have smoke bacon . you pretty much get what the menu dictate and extra be not readily offered . drink in the lobby be on average Â £   for tea or hot chocolate . no kettle in the room so this be the only option unless you want to go out of the hotel . the hotel view be fabulous on a clear day and the hotel be centrally locate for hong kong transportation and kowloon central shopping district . the concierge service , particularly edwin and jackie , be amazing . this be a   star deluxe hotel and i enjoy every moment . the gym and pool facility be excellent , the spa be a little overprice but what i would expect from this type of hotel . the bar at the top of the hotel , felix , be disappointing and be actually quite tacky consider the price and rating of the hotel . overall we enjoy our stay here and feel it be in a great location with good view and a great place to end our trip

when we walk through the door of the peninsula we know we be in for a good time , the service be faultless from start to finish . checking in be swift and efficient and we be personally show up to the room . our room face the side street and for a city centre the room be pretty big , spotlessly clean and come with a huge bathroom with separate walk in shower . everything you could ever think of want be available in the room and a floor butler be on call for anything else

the peninsula be the best know hotel in hong kong . have first open in   , it have be witness to a significant part of the region 's history . often refer to as     the pen,    it have be hail as one of the world 's finest hotel since its opening . create in the glamorous   , the legendary     grande dame of the far east    epitomize the confluence of western and eastern culture â € ” a blend of the best of occidental and oriental hospitality in an atmosphere of unmatched classical grandeur and timeless elegance

after reading all the wonderful review of this hotel and my pleasant experience recently at the peninsula , beijing , i decide to stay   night at the peninsula hotel , hong kong just a few days ago



return to the peninsula hotel in may   and be immediately impress by their new meet and greet service at the airport on arrival . we be meet as we step off the jet way and whisk through passport control , hand off to a peninsula staff member and take to our car which happen to be one of the new rr black phantoms . on arrival at the peninsula we be even upgrade which be where the problem started . arrive late we order a room service snack ,   minutes later we have to chase up room service , a further   minute wait bring a cold and inedible snack . not what one expect from a premier hotel . if this be the premiership the hotel would be fight relegation to be fair the duty manager the follow day do everything to rectify the situation

we book a couple of stay at fairly shortly before we arrive and unfortunately be not able to score ourselves a harbour view room or reasonably price suite on either time so go for a deluxe courtyard view room and also a grand deluxe kowloon view room

the only way to desciribe this hotel be  the world

stay at the peninsula hong kong for a couple of night in may . if this be your first time in hong kong , either make sure you have several night in town , or do n't stay at the peninsula

i have stay in some fantastic ,   hotel , but this be the one . the peninsula hong kong be the best hotel that i have ever stay in

we stay at the peninsula hong kong on two occassions in june   previoiusly i be a hong kong ritz carlton loyalist but this property have be shut down for redevelopment give me an opportunity to experience the wonderful peninsula hong kong

during the christmas break , we decide to book a short   night stay at the peninsula hong kong . we be celebrate our anniversary and have reveal this information while book our room , a superior harbour view suite

even i have be more than   times to hong kong and stay in many hotel this be our first stay at the

i can not say enough about how much love i have for this place . i be in hong kong for the first time on a business trip , and this place make me feel right at home . we be greet at the bottom of the ramp of the airplane and whisk away on a cart to the customs entrance . after leave customs , we be meet again at the door and take to the mercedes they deeply apologize that the roll be unavailable at the time of our arrival . upon our arrival at the hotel , we be greet by a cheerful young man by the name of wingo who quickly check us in and then show us up to our room

we arrange the roll royce transfer to collect us which be lovely . a staff member meet us off the plane and take us to immigration where there be a huge queue so they go on ahead and collect our luggage

beautiful hotel   great asian flair

different class of luxury . we use the roll royce airport transfer which be well worth it . have a suite which be huge . amazing service and standard of hotel , this hotel set the benchmark for me

my wife and i go there for a weekend getaway and anniversary celebration , and we have a wonderful time together

i decide to take my wife for ou   wed anniversary to a top hotel without the chidren and choose what be suppose to be the best in hong kong . the roll royce transfer be great , the welcome and the view as well , the room have zero default . i organise flower to be put on the rooms on arrival that be not there     , we book for afternoon tea on arrival . an hour later we be wait ten minutes in the lobby on the side of a huge queue , the table be set up for   , there be   of us , the service be hectic fast , unpersonnal , you could see that this be a money factory machine , a shame for this great lobby . i want to leave ask four times for the bill , i leave without sign at the end , but be be still charge on check out

if be make to feel welcome be important to you then stay well clear   go to the mandarin oriental

we decide to splurge for our first three night in hong kong , so we stay at the peninsula . while it be a bit pricey , it be well worth it

i have be to hong kong many times and always want to stay here

stay at the peninsula for two night whilst attend wed in hong kong . the     pen    be   years old this year and be repute to be the best hotel in hk over the years   a title it still deserves . the service be excellent from the lady at the reception who show us to our room to the staff at the swim pool

reading some of your negative review compel me to write my own regard the peninsula . we land on february   the beginning of the chinese new year . as your other reviewer have write we be also meet at the airport and take to the hotel where the staff be wait for us to advise us that their parade be starting . from the moment we arrive to the moment we leave the staff be all wonderful . the de luxe harbour view rooms be beautiful not in the least bit run down as describe by one critic and the bathroom be just as luxurious

we have really look forward to stay at the peninsula . the hotel room itself be fine . very comfortable , nice bathroom with molton brown toiletries . what make the stay so unpleasant be the attitude of the staff . a waiter during breakfast manage to spill hot tea on my cream linen trouser with no apology offered . we be unable to take tea in the hotel lobby after be out sight seeing . the reason give be that i be wear flip flop      no , i be not , but be wear teva sandal ! to compound the misery of that day , late ion the evening , i be stop from take photograph of the lovely ceiling in the lobby . overall , i be make to feel like a second class naughty child . after speak to the duty manager of all the days incident , he do apologize and waive our payment for the roll royce transfer back to the airport . very small recompense

arrive at the peninsula in hong kong be a true pleasure . the many luxurious car give a glamorous feeling . the restaurant be outstanding and deserve a michelin star or two

after travel through japan and stop off at singapore for a week our last stop be hong kong . it be our first time and also our last sector of the holiday so we think we would bite the bullet and stay at the peninsula . recommend by my mother and reading all the review i though it must be fantastic

a   hotel through and through . from be meet off the plane , escort through immigration , a smooth trip in the wonderfully luscious and decadent roll and swift check in at the hotel this be a great stay . staff be very efficient and helpful even if they do n't always know the answer or understand the request . the rooms be nicely appoint and a view of the harbour be to be recommended . the building set up for new year year of the rat and the olypmics be the best   apparently better than handover day

we be on a winter getaway package , and this package can immediately upgrade your room the next level suite superior

this be the fourth time in four years that we have stay at the peninsula and they continue to amaze me with their consistent , gracious service and the high quality of their accommodations . each time we have stay on average   nights . have work at one time in the hospitality industry , i be a very demand person when it come to hotel and i appreciate how difficult it be to maintain a high level of service on a consistent basis the peninsula somehow manage to do just this . i have only two negative things to say   the lobby be very busy during the middle of the day   it be especially noisy and swarm with people at tea time with people wait for a table . also i have downgrade felix , the bar at the top of the peninsula from a chic     must do    to a frumpy     must skip    . we be there with a guest for pre dinner cocktail and all three of us be surprise to see be full of people in jean , snow jacket and knapsack push to get the best views . such be the price one pay for success

stay at the pen in hong kong just before christmas be one of the best hotel experience i have ever have

quite where the accolade of best hotel in world come from i find bewilder !

what a fantastic property . what set this place apart be the service level , which be world class throughout the hotel . whether you enter the spa , one of their restaurant or simply spend some time in the lobby   every member of staff seem to take incredible pride in what they do and this be exactly why this property be amongst the best hotel in the world . the only disadvantage all this fame bring with it be the fact that there be mass of people try to get in to take picture of the place

what an amazing hotel ! the room be large and luxurious

we stay at the peninsula on the first leg of our honeymoon ad love it

i stay at the peninsula a couple of years ago and be incredibly impress by it . that time i take a basic room and it be fantastic . this time i go for the full harbour view room and it be simply breath take

stay at the peninsula in early may   en route to australia and it be the highlight of our trip . for me , this be the best hotel i have ever stay at example of other hotel i am compare it to include raffles singapore , the dorchester london , george v in paris etc . . beautiful room and amenities , fantastic staff , gorgeous pool and the food at felix be probably some of the best i have ever have in the world . the location be also great with amazing view of the harbour and the island . the hotel 's proximity to the star ferry one of the must do journey in any case make it convenient to stay in kowloon . one additional tip   book the roll royce transfer   it 's well worth the money

have live in hk for several years in the   's my wife and i decide that the only place to celebrate our   would be the pen . a business trip see us stay at the intercontinental grand stanford then move to the pen . from good to amazing

we stay here for our honeymoon and it be wonderful . be pick up by the green roll royce at the airport be definately worth the small extra cost . the only fly in the ointment be that we could n't get a restaurant book until   , which be dissapointing . we have also book a return transfer with the roll royce but tell they be unavailable and we have to take a town car which be lovely but not what we 'd order . the staff be helpful and the spa be amazing . the nicest thing about the hotel be the value for money . they could really rip you off here but they do n't and it be all very reasonable . we love stay here and feel really pamper and special . its worth the rep

no question this hotel be a great hotel . i just have a thing about front desk people who work in these top tier hotel who think they be so damn high and mighty . nothing burns me more then when the front desk people be sneaky and deceptive to be they be let you know that you have come to a great hotel and their for you must bow . screw that nonsense . after that the hotel be incredible . i love it and the rooms be great in size and decor . i love the dim sum restaurant they have spring moon very highly recommend rather stay here or not and make reservation and lobby restaurant the verandah no reservation usually need and do n't try the food but do indulge in the over price beverage be cool for morning coffee , afternoon tea and cocktail in the evening or perhaps a night cap smoking allow if that be something that float your boat as it be in most of hong kong â € ¦  i like have a martini and cuban in the afternoon after see the sights . this hotel have the comforts and service of a great hotel . but really in hong kong the service i have experience be pretty much exceptional so i really don â € ™ t want to rant about it consider a majority of hong kong be a service orient place anyhow . overall exceptional and it be what you expect in a round about way when pay the price you pay to stay here and it be on the kowloon side . hong kong side have the other perspective with the ritz carlton and what not . if you â € ™ re after a high end super nice hotel on the kowloon side of hong kong then this one should do it for you . i think all of the staff be very helpful but they sure do in my perspective have an arrogant side to them but some people like that and expect i guess . i would stay here again for sure . one interesting thing i look into but didn â € ™ t do be a helicopter flight from the hotel to macau . i think that would be cool to do . i little expensive but available but the better side of my conservativeness say ah just go with the turbo prop ferry . oh well always something to do on a later date

this hotel be just amazing , if you go to hong kong you must stay here . the service be the best service we have ever experience in a hotel . the spa be fantastic ask for magic hands if you want a really good massage and the breakfast in the lobby be a must , as be a ride in one of their roll royce 's

stay at the pen for   night last month and it be fantastic . we book the roll royce transfer from the airport and be treat like royalty all the way . there be   staff wait outside the pen to greet us as the chauffeur have phone ahead of our imminent arrival . we be show straight to our room even though we have arrive at   well before normal room availablity times

in theory , the peninsula be a top hotel . the service and attention to detail be truly astounding . doorman recognize you from your stay several years ago . butler show up at your door within minutes . and , as many have mention , they truly have do a nice job meld old world style with the modern age . it 's no wonder that the peninsula remain as popular as it be

not as good as expect , although it be a very fine hotel . all the     top    things we want to do   early check in , dinner at felix , roll royce transfer to the airport , be unavailable , or only available too late , i .e . , felix dinner at   pm . the suite in the original building be very nice , exceptionally well set up and furnish , but it could have use a bit of silicone in the bath , and the include breakfast be at best marginal . high tea in the lobby restaurant be a bit of a disappointment as well . one positive note , we do take the slightly lower cost hk     mercedes vs . hk     for the rr transfer to the airport , where a liveried attendant await us with a baggage cart , and guide us through the formalities right up to security   an exceptionally nice touch . a hotel of this caliber and price set your expectation very high , and unfortunately the peninsula do not deliver ! seven years ago we stay across the street at the regent now the intercontinental and find it a bit better

the staff here know it have a reputation to protect and they work hard to do so . i have a deluxe room on the   floor with a harbor view   i think you get a better value by take the junior suite at the intercontinental but the location here be a bit more convenient . food and beverage be excellent   the spa be at the top tier in the world   and if you call for anything from housekeep they kick butt in terms of get it to your room almost immediately . concierge be very helpful   they arrange to have my shopping box ship to the us so that i do n't have to carry everything with me and make sure that the box be seal well . tea in the lobby be a treat and breakfast be quite good . definitely a place to try out at least once if you 're in hong kong

if one top hotel in the world should be benchmark for the luxury hotel business , it 's the hongkong peninsula

we have be to hong kong for   times and each time we have walk past this hotel and say     one day we will stay there    . we finally do in september for   night , our stay be fantastic

i 'd be to hong kong for the past   years and often stay at hotel around tsim tsa tsui area because it 's close to some shopping areas . this time , my family and i decide to stay at peninsula . when we step in , we find nothing exceptionally special about the decor . just plain , white pillar , and the design be probably european style but much simpler . the receptionist be excellent and guide us right into the room . customer service be just excellent until the next day when we go down for breakfast . once i sit down , someone tell me something in break english and point to my pants and sandal so i believe he be talk about my short pants and sandal but for heavens sake ! i spend so much money stay in this hotel in the middle of a hot summer month just to be ask to dress into something more 'approvable    . just because of that , i will never return to the hotel . seriously , sheraton be much better just right across . they have no such restriction , it 's half the price , their bed be heavenly yes , better than peninsula 's and the people speak excellent english plus , they have a sky lounge with very fresh oyster

we stay here for   night as part of our honeymoon . we have a delux room and book the roll royce airport transfer

not get me wrong this hotel be a beautiful and be of   star standard but i be really disappoint with the level of service of the conceirge and the construction go on around the hotel

if , like me , you regularly look up hotel and destination on trip advisor to get an idea of how good or how bad a place be , let me reassure you right away on the peninsula hotel . if you be planning on stay here , you have make an excellent choice

my wife and i stay there last

we decide to stopover in hong kong after a holiday in new zealand which be fabulous   and air new zealand be great and choose the peninsula as an end of holiday treat . what a great decision

we splurge and stay for   days at the hk peninsula on kowloon . it be fabulous that they pick you up from the airport in a roll royce , that be a real treat

me and my husband get marry recently , and shortly after the wed we have to host another party in hong kong for my relative who could n't make it to the ceremony in the uk . our party be host in the peninsula so we have   free night in their suite , but we extend our stay at the hotel by pay extra . we stay in the normal double room for the first night and the suite for the rest . and i am glad to say that our stay do not disappoint

simply one of the best hotel in the world

wow ! this have to be the best hotel in the world by a long way

pure luxury spoil you from go any where else in the

after almost   week of china , settle in at the peninsula be the best

hong kong 's grande dame still

one of the worst experience i ever have

after a month travel through china we decide to treat ourselves to a few night in the iconic peninsula hotel   and it certainly be a superlative hotel . generous , well equipped rooms even a multimedia centre to look at your digital picture on the room tv ! gracious staff , row of roll royces outside , appropriatey overprice f    b , but sit in the lobby be like be in disneyland   there 's non stop line of rubber necking , gawk , chatter tour party pour through it . and that make the pricey exclusive hotel a boor

see 'the pen ' on a tv documentary of the world 's top hotel and it rank number one with many . en route to australia we decide to use it as a   night stop over . it be a legend and rightly so . pay for the roll royce phantom   shuttle , which we feel be great value   hk     and it be worth every penny . check in be fuss free , the room [ deluxe harbour view ] be lovely . we have afternoon tea but we wait in the queue with the rest of the world instead of let someone know that we be resident   this would have save us   minutes , which in the scale of things be hardly an issue . the service be excellent   exactly what we want , attentive but not 'in your face ' and you really be make welcome by everybody . we would not hesitate to return and would recommend it to any discern traveller

i stay in the peninsula hong kong in april and fall in love . i be on a two week trip to asia tokyo , osaka , kyoto , and hong kong and stay in five star hotel at each destination , but the peninsula stand above the rest

this be the hotel standard that others should aspire to . go to celebrate my sister 's birthday . recommend the green roll royce transfer . on check in be upgrade to a suite which be amazing . room service and food and bar fantastic . our flight home be n't til   p .m . so we have a late check out at no extra cost . i would n't stay anywhere else in hong kong . staff knowledgeable and helpful

what a special hotel . really fantastic in almost every way . stay for about a week in march with my partner and we be blow away

i have stay in several   * hotel arond the world , but this be a class above anything that i have experience bafore . from the second you be meet in the arrival hall you be enter into the world of the peninsula   the operation be so slick it could not be improve upon . we be escort to the await roll royce for the transfer excellent value at around Â £   and treat like royalty . there be no wait and every person who i be pass onto greet me by my name .     good afternnoon mr jones    . as the car come to a halt outside the hotel , the door be immediately opened . just excellent

we be treat like family . we really feel take care of . our   year old son join us on this trip   days in hong kong . the breakfast be wonderful , tea in the lobby ~ outstanding . the pool be beautiful and plush . everything be top notch ! the food at the chalet be good , but a bit heavy lots of cheese

the peninsula be a real treat from the very moment you approach the reception desk . we be personally lead to our room by one of the reception officer , and be give an attentive and personal reception . in our case the room have one of the best view across the harbour actually , one of the best hotel view we have have so far , and be confortable and well furnished . the best thing of this hotel , apart from the position , be the service   whenever you need them they 're there . at the same time , they be almost invisible if you do not need them

for our first trip to hong kong , we choose the peninsula base on its reputation and historical role over the last   years . it be superb

the grand dame of hong kong hotel be as sprightly as ever on this visit the roll royce transfer round trip be fabulous and a real bargain ,the rooms be a good size and superbly appoint and the service be just about as good as it gets the swim pool be a delight and the harbour view from the roof top bar cool design be stunning

my first dealings with this hotel be back in   when my wife and i visit hong kong . have hear of this legendary classy hotel and want to try it out , i ask my friend   who be local   to see if they could get us a good package

i decide to treat our family on our trip back from london to hong kong by stay at this landmark hotel . overall , it be be a fabulous experience . as we be travel with our two small child age one and three we be concern about whether the hotel would suit them , but it be fantastic . we stay in the original part of the hotel , and have a hotel room which be large by any standard . my son have a roll out bed on the floor , with bright colour bed provided . there be child size robe and slipper , and colour pencil and teddy bear for the kid

hotel have one of the best view in hk , overviewing hk 's skyline , which be the nice one to see

this hotel be wonderful . the service receive be second to none and nothing be too much trouble for the staff i mislaid a ring after check out of the room , tell reception and they take me back up to room to look for it , by the time i get there with the manager there be   staff search the room and a plumber turn up to check the drain ! thankfully the ring be found . the rooms be very comfortably appoint and the spa be very relax with a wonderful view of hong kong harbour . two things you must do be go up to the felix bar and go to the toilet , the view in the evening be breathtaking and book the roll royce transfer to from the airport well worth the penny

fantastic location , beautiful room , great restaurant , excellent gym and spa . i 'd definitely stay here again

after travel by backpack for   week in mainland china , we decide to splurge and book our last night in hong kong at the peninsula hotel . the best decision we could have make ! everything about this hotel be first class . we have an incredible suite package which include dinner for   at any of the hotel restaurant , we choose felix at the top of the hotel overlook victoria harbor breakfast for   the next morning , hotel transfer and free minibar consumption . the suite be opulent in every sense of the word . fruit basket , chocolate and even a peninsula bear for my daughter ! the minibar be stock with champagne , red and white wine , chocolate , cookie , snack and several brand of liquor . we call down for a playstation to be deliver to our suite and several dvd from over   + title ! we never leave the hotel for the next   hours , instead choose to enjoy the pool and spa . the hotel even arrange a room for us until   since our flight do n't leave until       pm . when we arrive at the airport for our return flight , we be meet and escort with our luggage right through to immigration control . we have travel extensively around the world and i can say without hesitation that this be by far the best hotel experience to date

everytime i want to fall in love with this hotel , something would spoil it    everytime i want to fault they would do something so wonderful that i would fall in love with it all over again    pick up at the airport , fantastic have to get the rolls    no sense in do things by half     when we arrive they usher us straight to the suite to check in there . very classy . and what a room . spectacular . we be travel with our infant and not only be there a crib set up in the room for her but in the crib be an amazing amenity kit for her include a teethe toy , a peninsula bib , a teddy bear , a bath wrap , etc . and in the bathroom be a baby bath for her . it do not get any better than this

we would agree on everything the last person write ! an absolutely unbelievable hotel for service , and complete   century facility in a perfect old world style hotel , not a     modern box    . we too have the roll royce transfer , pay for it ! meet at gate and do n't touch our luggage again until it arrive with our welcome tea from personal valet in room . nothing too much trouble , every possible facility in room as standard . we want to go back

fabulous location     impeccable service  staying at this hotel be amazing . we be pick up at the airport in one of the hotel roll royces and deliver to our hotel in style we pay extra for this service . previous to our stay , the hotel email me to find out how old my son be he be   at that time upon tell him his age , they thank me and say that they would not be decorate our room with teddy bear after all ! during the stay my son get sick and the staff doctor come to our room , since he have chest pain , they send us to the hospital in a cab with our own butler guard . my son be fine and the next day when we return from sightsee , there be a     hope you 're feeling better    platter of fruit and pastry . also , our luggage have be lose upon arrival in hong kong and the concierge make it his top priortiy to track it down which he do . we have a fax machine in our room and recieved fax update us on the status of our luggage   ok , that 's enough  you can see that service be exceptional . the accommodation be traditional and very nice . the room be a good size and the food be great . many tourist come to our hotel for     tea time    in the lobby , another excellent experience . we book through our travel agent who discover that the breakfast package be cheaper than book the room alone ! if you can swing it , stay at this hotel ! !

there be just one word to describe the peninsula experience        outstanding ! from the moment you be pick up from the airport in a roll royce to the moment you be drop off you enter a world of understate opulence that be almost beyond comparison

superb hotel . we be pick up at the airport in a roll royce after a long flight in from new zealand . all tiredness melt away as we be transport into another world . rooms be lovely , service fantastic . would not stay anywhere else in hong kong

excellent service . beautiful room . absolutely live up to the hype . expensive , but worth it

we stay at the 'pen ' as she be affectionately call for just one night after a   day tour of china . i must sound like a philistine when i say that that night be the highlight of our trip in spite of the incredible sights we have see in china . it have be an exhaust round of tours , airport and flight and the last straw be when we find we have be book on a non existent flight from hangzhou to hk . we arrive at the pen at   instead of   and i be break hearted . but we be upgrade to a deluxe harbour view suite and i think i have die and go to heaven . i will not repeat what all the other review say but it be all true . you be spoil and pamper and you enter a world which you do not want to leave . have breakfast or tea in the lobby be entertainment itself  people watch at its best . there be very little formality  just old fashion courtesy . it be the only hotel i ever want to stay in

what a wonderful stop over . we have a fabulous room overlook the harbour . the staff be so attentive and the meal in the gaddi restaurant be a must . i have stay in some top hotel in the world and this rank in the top   so far . if you want to spoil yourself make sure the roll royce collect you from the airport we cant wait to go back

we spend   night in the pen at the end of a   week holiday in china . i 'd read so much about this hotel and never have stay in a   star hotel before , i be determine to stay here for some luxury at the end of our     once in a lifetime    trip

i book three night in a basic suite on a stay over on my way to china to adopt a baby . upon take off our plane catch on fire and we have to return to la and leave late the next day . i email the peninsula to update them on our situation and the concierge change tour reservation , dinner , room , airport pick up , spa , everything i have planned . she manage to fit in   days worth of sightsee into a measly   hour stay in the city . we tour the city by mercedes , be pick up in a roll royce , we be upgrade to a truly unbelievable suite overlook the harbor  the scroll suite . i 'd say it be   sq foot with   foot ceiling , chinese antique , giant windows , a dine room table for   people , a wonderful bed and a deep comfortable tub . we arrive at   and our room be ready for us . the front desk know what have happen to our plane and greet us with a ,     hello  we be glad you arrive safely after what happen on your first flight    . i lose my voice from , well from scream so loud when our plane be on fire , and could n't even whisper when we arrive at the hotel . the concierge be so thoughtful and worry that i would n't be able to speak to our baby when we meet her a few days later that she suggest home remedy to help and write me a get well card . i just ca n't say enough about how lovely our stay was . the hotel even arrange for me to meet someone in the city who sell antique cameras  i collect them . i love hong kong and think about our brief stay there and the hotel all the time . it be the best trip we have ever take and it be only a little more than a day long

the peninsula could n't get a bad review out of me if it tried . the service be impressive and by far the best i have experience anywhere in the world . my husband and i be there for two night and it leave a lasting impression . our room be in the older part but we would n't have have it any other way . it be very clean , nicely decorate with a sit area , desk , large bathroom and view overlookg the water to hong kong . once you have settle in you can ring the valet to bring you a pot of the hotel 's welcome tea . from the king size bed to the shoe shine service and the tv above the bathtub , attention to comfort be not miss by the hotel . the staff be the most helpful and friendly i have encountered . it be n't   second before the valet be at our door when we rang for him . we eat the buffet breakfast each morning include in our stay and it be wonderful   a subtle mix of asian , western and european foods . the pool     even if you do n't go in , go take a look   it 's unbelievable . the hotel have high tea as a string quartet play classical music from a balcony above the lobby . there be many high end store in the hotel include a tiffany 's . the daytime concierge know his stuff and direct us on a daytrip to ngong ping the large buddha and tai o old fishing village . it 's a beautiful hotel inside and out and look awesome when it 's lit up in the evenings . it 's pricey but go for it

we stay here for   night to celebrate our   wed anniversary and my wife 's birthday on new year 's day . throughout our stay we receive nothing but outstanding service in this beautiful hotel . as soon as we arrive we be upgrade to a suite , offer complimentary champagne which we decline as we do n't drink   they substitute with peninsula chocolate ! , and invite to use the spa whilst they prepare our room , as we arrive at   in the morning and check in time be   emily on reception make sure our stay be everything we have hope for . the room have a giant lcd tv , dvd player , tv build into the marble clad bathroom wall ,   set of bathrobes bathroom and bedroom     towel replace twice a day , exotic fruit bowl also change daily which comprise ornately decorate napkin and china plate with cutlary . on arrival at the room we be ask to press the valet button on the wall , and tea arrive instantly . the electrically operate curtain mean we could watch the lazer and firework show from the bed without move

the peninsula hong kong be simply the best of the best . a truly beautiful hotel with breathtaking view from very tastefully decorate rooms ! the harbor view suite be particularly splendid and the view simply unmatched . service be truly beyond words . each staff treat every guest as a vip and they almost know you personally , go out of their way to cater to individual needs . impeccable and graceful service without the stuffiness . there be no place to stay in hong kong other than the peninsula

transport to the hotel by roll royce very

stay at the peninsula for four night as the first leg of our honeymoon in september  

stay in this hotel as part of trip to far east , have stay in two great hotel in bali the peninsula have to be something really special to top them

definitively be a nice hotel but it be too much and there be better options . service be quite disappointing in several areas . after have stay at the four season in shanghai , peninsula in beijing , and also mandarin in hong kong , the service at the peninsula kowloon be far beyond what other hotel provide in china . the service at this hotel be very slow pace and need to be push by the guests . it go out of their hands . the rooms be ok , the welcome gift be very nice but those things don â € ™ t make it for all . i do n't mean that be a bad hotel . if you have the time to wait stay there

what can i say about this hotel that have not be say before ? the 'pen ' truly be one of the best there be

this be our second stay at the peninsula in about two years . this time , we stay in a deluxe suite , which have an absolutely stunning view over hong kong harbor . it be mesmerize to watch all the activity , and the hotel graciously provide a very nice telescope to watch all the activity . and the room be quite spacious , with great bed

it be my second visit to the phk . as expect it be a perfect stay

simply the best place in the world . through amex be upgrade to a full suite with     bath and ove   ft

we stay at the peninsula last yearand enjoy a most relax stay with excellent service this year we be in hk and stay at both shangri la hotel and the     pen     certainly the island shangri la and the pen be of a similar luxurious standard

we stay here for the first   night of our honeymoon and they treat us like royalty . a triple upgrade to the   floor , champagne and chocolate

i 'd want to meet a friend in hk for dinner , so book a weekend at the peninsula with a table on sit night a felix , contact the hotel directly

my wife and i stay here for five night in july of   as part of a round the world trip , and can truly say that this be a world class hotel . it really do live up to all expectation

after a rocky flight from tokyo , it be wonderful to hit the tarmac in hong kong . everything about the city exudes class and efficiency . the airport express to the pen could not have be any easier . once we arrive , we be whisk away to pure luxury . the view of the harbor have to be the most magnificent in hong kong if not the world . everything from the tea to the bubble bath   while watch the nba final   quickly strip the stress of travel away . i recommend that you splash out for the grand deluxe courtyard . the breath take view make the increase cost well worthwhile . be sure to visit the pool as well . you will feel like caesar , himself , while swim a lap . i could n't imagine anything better . you would be hard press to match another hotel in the world that combine this luxury and

i make a reservation , be give confirmation number and money be take out of my account . ten hours later , i receive an email state that they make a mistake , there be no rooms available . they still have my money not good business . why do n't they tell me initially that there be no rooms . why take my money until there be a closure on the reservation process . bad business practice . dr . alfred jones , wuxi ,

we be at the peninsula for the first time during a vacation time for japanese and the french and the hotel be full . this may have cause some of our problem , but i will say that our stay at the peninsula be a let down . we book a regular room and then call back to book the suite experience a few days before our arrival . we be not pick up by the hotel limo a roll , which be silly , i know , but i think might be fun and the airport butler also do not meet us where he be suppose to but by an older model benz and when we arrive at the hotel discover after about half an hour of one on one check in that we be not book for the suite experience , but just a regular suite with a view into the office building across the way and all of the things that be include in the suite experince be not include inclduing the trip from the airport which we have already take . i feel i 'd be very clear with the reservationist . my husband have be sit in the room while i make the call . after much argue and back and forth , we be give our our suite experience at the regular suite price . the lobby be completely fill , day and night , with throng of tourists . tour bus park right in front of the hotel and they come pour in . to see what , i am not sure . the lobby be nice , but could be in any nice big city hotel . the line for tea in the afternoon be somtimes   people long . as a guest at the hotel you can cut to the front of the line , which be a nice perk , but also somewhat unsporting to people who have be stand there an hour or more . the hotel could not get us a dinner reservation for the time we want in one of the hotel restaurant , although we dine at the same place earlier and it be not full at the time we have originally want to be there . again , tourist be come up in their flip flop and arm full of shopping bag and have a drink or just gawk while we be have this overly formal dinner . a bright note be the new spa that be open on our last day there . it be pretty amazing , have a lot of great amenities , but still also require lots of formality and be lead around to different door and instructions . i just feel the whole place be very high maintenance not to mention expensive and would probably stay somewhere that be not on the tourist map next time i visit hk

we stay at the pen because we could n't get in anywhere else . it cost an absolute bomb and my husband be really cross that i have n't book us and the   kid in somewhere cheaper,but it turn out to be an incredible experience . right from the moment the door guy open the door for you and you walk into that cool haven , you be love it . our room have an amazing city view through big picture windows . the bed be so comfortable with   thread count egyptian cotton sheet , and gorgeous doonas . the jasmine tea which arrive as we be unpack be just right , as be everything about this beautiful hotel . we have an exquisite meal in the restaurant , and swam in the pool , then have a jaccuzi . all lovely . i would spend my last dollar to stay there again

stay at the peninsula be just the most fantastic experience , the service be amongst the best we have ever experience , the staff know what we want before we do and treat us like royalty . the room be comfortable , luxurious and have lots of nice touch include a great shower , fresh fruit , sumptuous bedlinen etc . the food in the restaurant be fresh and full of flavour , in the philippe starck designed felix restaurant , full of flavour and superbly cook , in the award win spring moon wonderful , complex cantonese food . great view from the felix restaurant , the bar and the pool . a really good spot to be in as it be round the corner from the star ferry an experience in itself to take you over to hong kong island . for colonial nostalgia have afternoon tea in the verandah , as a resident you can go straight to the front of the very long queue and have a very english ritz style afternoon tea with a martini ! great experience , would recommend it to everyone . it would be my first port of call if i go back to hong kong

stay at the peninsula for   night on a recent business trip to asia and i must say that this be truly an outstanding hotel in a highly competitive area    there be certainly other great place to stay in hong kong but if it come to individual service and attention to detail , the     pen    be as close to perfection as one can except from a hotel that consider itself as one of the best hotel in the world . of course , as everywhere , service depend highly on the individual employee you 're deal with . for example   in my case , check in be very efficient and friendly in addition , i be upgrade to a suite that would normally cost twice the price i have pay whereas check out with a different receptionist be rather slow and the whole scene seem chaotic . same apply to the service in the restaurants . staff at the bar at 'felix ' seem arrogant , uninteressted at best , guess that can happen to some people , if they work at such a superb location whereas the waiter in the other restaurant be very attentive and efficient

we stay at the hotel for   night in january   , and have to say that it just do not live up to our expectations . it have be rate consistently as one of the world 's best hotel for years and we be look forward to our stay there . we have book a room in the tower , as recommend by many visitor , but upon check in , they offer us a huge suite in the main building for the same price , which we took . it be nice , if somewhat date

we stay at the peninsula on the last days of a   week trip to asia . have just come from angkor wat we need some relaxation before our long overnight flight home and the peninsula be wonderful . they surprise us with an upgrade to a magnificent harbor view suite from our request harbor view room and the service be fantastic . we eat at felix on the   floor of the hotel and enjoy a delicious meal . we have great complimentary breakfast and our luggage be graciously store and the spa shower available to freshen up before we leave for our flight . i ca n't recommend a hotel more highly than the peninsula

i be be serious . this be the best hotel i have ever stay in . the service be amazing . nothing be overlooked . i have stay in great hotel the world wide . even the restaurant be superb . i highly recommed this hotel for anyone

after visit hong kong   years ago and stay in

have just return from a   night visit to the     grand lady of the orient    , i must agree to the sentiment echo by 'marina del may' . from the roll royce pick up which costs less than many other hotel transfer deal , through the seamless check in we checked in some   hours ahead of the   state the service be impeccable . stay in a deluxe courtyard room with inclusive breakfast hotel promotion all personal neccesities be silently and efficiently handle by your appoint valet , who introduces himself with a welcome drink upon arrival . the afternoon tea be superb , and as a guest , there be no queue

just a amazing memory in pen hotel,especially the fantastic harbour view and no reason upgrade room service make me warm . all the equipment be new as well . showerrooms be more comfortable than other   star hotels . it will offer special present to the couple which spend the honeymoon in their hotel . it would make the honeymoon memory sweeter

have the pleasure of stay at the peninsula last year and still remember it as one of , if not the best , experience i have have stay in a hotel . from the moment you arrive and be greet at the front door , every need seem to have be anticipate

this hotel really amaze me . service be awesome and everyhting be just wonderful . if you stay at the peninsula , you would never want to stay in any other hotel . you have to try their afternoon tea . that be somethin different . the hotel be pricy but totally worth the money  

i be lucky enough to work for a big corporate and i travel the globe weekly , so i have come to know what make a good hotel and what make an outstanding hotel . as a fussy and demand frequent traveller , i also expect to get the very best and usually stay at the four season or a ritz carlton . but i decide , on the advice of others include this site to give the peninsula a go   and boy be it a great call

from stay there   days , we can honestly say that the peninsula be the best hotel that we have ever stay at . there be very little we could fault with it   care and attention be pay to every detail . the service be the fastest that we have ever see   we request an internet cable at the housekeep desk on the ground floor and in the time it take us to get to our room on the   floor , it be deliver to us . the rooms be make up twice daily and you hardly ever see the housekeep staff and never see a linen cleaning trolley   it be extremely discreet . even the fresh rose and fruit bowl in our room be change daily . we find all the staff very curtious and helpful   nothing be ever too much trouble for them and they always greet you with a smile and a     happy new year    . we be upgrade to a deluxe harbour suite which be amazing   i think to get the most from this hotel , you need to book a room with a harbour view   look out onto hong kong island be just wonderful . if you can afford it and you enjoy a little luxury , go for the suite experience this can be book on the hotel 's website   you get free pick up and drop off from the airport in a chauffer driven limousine roll royce , free minibar restock twice daily , and free meal for two in one of their restaurant for one night . we be also give a free bottle of champagne and chocolate on our arrival . also , if you get the chance , eat at gaddi 's french restaurant   it 's one of the best in asia . we eat in the lobby a couple of times and also find the food to be excellent . the peninsula afternoon tea seem to be a hk tradition so expect lots of tourist fill up the lobby area during the afternoon

the peninsula be the hong kong 's most famous hotel , perhaps the most famous hotel in asia , and one of the most famous in the world . i want to try it out on a recent trip to hk

the peninsula be a truly amazing hotel and the best hotel i have ever stay in . the attention to detail be like nothing i have ever see and i could n't fault it in anyway . i would n't even know where to start listing all the good things about this hotel . i would just say that if you be go to hong kong , treat yourself and stay here

i have to agree with the other review here , this hotel be simply stunning . from the beautiful lobby to the gorgeous pool area everything be immaculate . we have a deluxe room and it be perfect . i love the flat screen tv and molton brown toiletries . the gym be fantastic and all the common parts be beautiful . we have afternoon tea which be gorgeous and we also eat at the felix restaurant , the food there be delicious . the staff be extremely polite and generally this hotel have no fault ! without a doubt one of the finest hotel i have ever stay in

the previous review say it all but this be probably the most classy hotel i have ever stay in and i absolutely love it . we be upgrade to a suite with the most terrfic view of hong kong harbour and this make the visit extra special but from the roll royce limo to a memorable new years eve in the felix bar this be one magical trip that i will never forget

i travel to hong kong over the christmas new year period and be glad that i choose the pen . i visit all the other   star hotel on hong kong island and kowloon and my friend and i both agree that it be , in our opinion , by far the best hotel . the service be superb   'every ' member of staff i come across , greet me by my name . the opulence of the surrondings be like no other hotel . the view from the harbour rooms in the tower be breathtaking . the the new year 's eve celebration be very well organise and the lobby and hotel forecourt be decorate beatifully . yes , during high tea , the lobby do get rather crowd by people visit the hotel , however , can you blame them ? ! if you 're a guest you be able to jump the long queues . i 'll be back next christmas new year without a doubt . thanks for an unforgetable stay

i live in japan and travel fairly frequently in east asia . of all the wonderful hotel at which i have stay in the region , the peninsula in hong kong phk be my overall favorite . i stay there most recently on either side of thangsgiving   and   nov .   and have my best phk experience yet . upon arrive the evening of the   evening from singapore , i check in , and the front desk staffer say the words all travel buff love to hear       we have a very nice upgrade for you     i 'd already ask for a deluxe room in the original phk building , which date from   and be just fabulous in every respect . but the upgrade to the peony suite    wow . the suite be huge and immaculate , with high ceiling and huge windows give a full view of the hong kong central skyline across the harbour

sytayed two night in the peninsula hotel . my wife and i absolutely love the hotel . the staff be very friendly and very well train with a total customer service focus . the rooms be beautifully appointed . this be the best hotel stay we have had . we rest up on the way back to australia and it meet our every need . enjoy soak in the bath watch the wall television . breakfast be a delight with quality food and service the porter know where to take the luggage for departure and take the worry off our shoulders . ten out of ten

my wife and i spend week review hotel in hk for our   vacation . not be independently wealthy , we initially consider the peninsula to be out of our range . we research virtually every hotel from moderate pricing to the most expensive both hk side and in kowloon . upon realize that the peninsula be simply the hotel in hk , we dug deeper in our pocket , make reservation , and anticipate the trip of a lifetime . we be not disappointed . service be of a caliber simply unheard of in the states . helpful , friendly , competent employee everywhere . always smile and cordial   never overstuff or haughty . the accomodations be flawless . we stay in two different rooms   a grand deluxe harbor view room near the top floor of the tower stunning view , and a deluxe harbor view room in the original building great view . both be exquisite in cleanliness , appointment , and quality . the   + years difference in age could not be discern , and the newer building and room be build with the same material and style as the original . housekeep be impeccable . room service and delivery of miscellaneous item be amazingly prompt even at   a .m . . turn down every evening amount to a second cleaning of the room . front desk be courteous , efficient , and immediately accomodated need of any description . gaddi 's be awesome   the pool be gorgeous . felix be the only in house disappointment   overprice and undersized bar . no expense spare anywhere   for example , silver service and china be everywhere , include room service . on a personal note , i 'd like to report that while clark gable may have be the first to drink a screwdriver in hk in the lobby of the pen , my wife be the first to drink a roy rogers there . the staff , who have never hear of one , pay close attention to my instructions and mix it right on the first try . overall , the peninsula be the high point of our entire wonderful trip   every bit a destination in itself

without doubt the peninsula hotel exceed all of my high expectations . i hope this review help anyone consider a stay there

we enjoy a fabulous   night stay at the peninsula last month . i have arrange to be meet at hk airport and transfer by roll royce which be a fantastic start to our stay at the hotel , as well as our holiday

from the moment you arrive , the staff practically fall over to help you . the service be unbelievable and this be what set this hotel apart from all other hotels . particular praise for chief concierge paul quinn and his team , especially felix no relation to the restaurant ! . they go out of their way to help you

outstanding luxury and service at every turn . arrive early morning on an overnight flight , meet at the airport with their roll royce transfer . the driver offer a cool towel and cold refreshment for the   minute drive to the hotel . greet at the car by front desk staff , wisked through check in and directly to room in the original part of the hotel . hot tea and fruit in the room . the conceirage provide a recommendation for an excellent tailor and have fitting the same day . dine in the evening in the verandah  superior buffet and service  topped with a fresh vanilla souffle ! as i be travel alone , i be offer reading material during dinner . spend the afternoon at the pool with a stunning view of hong kong island . beautiful spa and steam facilities . it have be   years since i have stay at the penn and they still have my details on file . even though i only spend one night before go on to canton , it feel like i have come home and everything be as i have leave it

we spoil ourselves with a one night stay at the peninsula with dinner at felix on a saturday night . there be four adult to our party . there be no deny the hotel prime location and outstanding facility   design to impress   no doubt about it . what dissapointed me more than anything be the service . it be certainly there and it be certainly silver class but i not believe anyone go out of their way to smile at us , make us feel at home   welcome . dinner on saturday night would have be a perfect opportunity to sit back , relax , admire the fantastic skyline   cocktail at the pompous stunning bar follow by dinner not cheap ! . again , no smile , no general chit chat    not even     do you enjoy your dinner   

we just stay at the pen for our last two night in hong kong . everything be wonderful   from the free dvd rental , the room , to the pool , to dinner at felix albeit tre expensive ! . only complaint   the butler put away your clothes in the drawers as part of cleaning the room and so when we be pack we keep     discovering    that things have be put in place around the room ! also , we have to fax one sheet of paper to atlanta    hong kong dollar ! almost     . that 's ridiculous

we stay at the pen for   night on the last leg of our honeymoon . we arrive on a delay flight at about   and we be still meet with a grand welcome and housekeep bring us chinese tea to our room moment after we 'd be show up there

it take me about   hours to get acclimate with the environment at the peninsula hotel but when i finally do it become crystal clear why so many people refuse to stay anywhere other than the peninsula when they stay in hong kong . my boyfriend and i end up stay at the pen on two separate occasions during our month long trip around various parts of asia between from mid august to mid september

the peninsula be a famous hotel which be very near hong kong   it be across the harbour from hong kong in kowloon

i have stay at the world 's top hotels de crillon , savoy , pierre , le sireneuse  and i can say that this hotel reign supreme . everything , from the gorgeous , immaculate , understate lobby , to the large , and opulent rooms , be superb . i be there for a romantic weekend , and we be treat to champagne , chocolate , flower and an upgrade . our room be in the original building but that be not a bad thing  ceilings be high , the bathroom be larger than most hotel rooms , and well , the pool spa be something to be experienced . the weather be horrible , yet the pool , overlook the harbour , with a deck that be perfect for sun and watch the lightshow fireworks be awesome ! also , felix , on top of the hotel , with its tiny , yet unique bar be an experience . this hotel be very expensive , but worth it if you can manage it . yes , it do pale in comparison to other pen in my opinion , but that be why it be the flagship . and the place to stay in hk

absolutely the best hotel i ever stay at , without a doubt . we arrive at the peninsula late one evening after a   hour trip from birmingham , alabama , and be very please to find that we have be upgrade to a small suite . the room be beautiful . it have a huge bed with very fine linnens , a sit area , a seperate entrance hall , toilet and bath . the bathroom even have its own flat screen tv . we be lucky to have a harbour view , and it be worth stay at the peninsula to watch the ship and boat alone . the lobby be like something out of a movie from the   's , and be always a flurry of activity . there be even a string quartet play in the afternoon . the shopping gallery be fun to explore , particularly since i be wake up at   , due to the time change , and have to have something to do . to top it off , my wife 's birthday fall on one of the days we be there , and we come back to the room after a day explore to find an entire birthday cake leave for us at the room . i have stay at some nice hotel since , but none like the peninsula

stay at the pen be the best experience i have ever have with any hotel in the world , it put its client first and always want to please , the only people who do not like this be the american who be rude with the staff and wonder why they do not get what we got . if you every get the chance this be the best of

we have stay at the peninsula before , so know what to expect . however , this time the hotel be overbooked and they try to foist off a much lower class room on us we have pay for two harbour view , non smoking suite at the back of the hotel . when we challenge the day manager , he be very arrogant and unaccomodating . we end up on the second floor , harbour side with no view and in smoking rooms . last time for us . after do some checking , i think there be lots of better hotel in kowloon

i just come back from a two night stay at the peninsular hk and still feel very much overhelmed by the level of luxury that the hotel be provide

i stay here in march of this year on a stop over from australia . it be an experience you will never forget stay at this hotel . i would highly recommend that you use their stunning swim pool and admire the light show in the evening  when i get out of the pool i be meet with a damp cloth and a glass of iced water

not much to add to the other reviews . a few comment though   defintely stay in a harborview room . we be fortunate and be upgrade from a deluxe harbor view room to a deluxe haborview suite   spectacular room , bathroom and view from the live area , bedroom and the bathroom

the peninsula life up to its reputation . my partner and i be very impress by the courteous service , large rooms and great view of the harbour . our only regret be that we do n't have more time to try out all the leisure facility and restaurants . our deluxe harbour view room be well equipped and the bathroom be spacious i love watch tv in the bath !

base on the review here , i decide to give the peninsula a try during a   day lay over in hong kong . i be not dissapointed . the rooms be absolutely deluxe , and the service be fantastic , but the small details like the magic shoe cleaning box be what really set this place apart . the bathroom be the best hotel bathroom i have ever have

