i have travel to hong kong for a business visit in december and have stay at the hotel for two weeks . the best advantage of the hotel be its location in causeway bay . it be in the vicinty of prime shopping district with sogo and times square just round the corner

a hotel right in causeway bay hong kong . it be near to both high and medium end shops . very convenient to shop and drop of purchase before continue shopping . there be even a supermarket near by . the hotel rooms be of very generous size in view of land scarce hong kong . the hotel have no smoking floor which we be in . when we find out that the guest in the room opposite ours smoke door , the hotel manager respond quickly by change the guest to a different room . breakfast spread be generous with sumptous local and western fare . hotel staff very polite and speak both english and cantonese well . we have be stay at this hotel over the years and it have continue to be the best

a busy and impersonal hotel . nice rooms but expensive and poor service that you would expect from a large city hotel where the staff be too busy to take care of the guests . wo n't be back

cantreally add more than have be already written stayed for   night whilst on a far east tour . hotel be ok . nothing really outstanding     do the job it be mean to . satff friendly and helpful    i do n't use many of the hotel amenities so can not comment    the room i personally find to be a bit on the small side    but be clean . purely a business stay so i can only judge on the fact it serve it 's purpose . good location to staion as mention and shopping too . i would have no issue about stay there again   but would definately see if there be a choice of a larger room

my husband and i stay at park lane for four night on our honeymoon , and we be really please with our choice of hotel

park lane location in the middle of causeway bay be a major plus . it be only   minutes walk to the shop in causeway bay and be conveniently locate near the train station . it be not exactly   star but the rooms be comfortable and clean and the service be good . i have stay in this hotel for business as well as for leisure

i book this hotel via kuoni as part of a multi centre trip , and we stay for   night

my wife and i stay at the park lane for   night recently , and we be very satisfied . the park lane be a good   star hotel . the deluxe room we have be modern , with a funky glass wall and glass sink bathroom . the view we have park and partial harbour be pleasant . george     co be a nice pub which also serve good food . the staff be without exception pleasant and helpful . the hotel 's location be good   mtr station just around the corner , tons of shop and restaurant in the vicinity . the only gripe i have be that the pillow be too soft . i would definitely stay here again

it be the second time i have stay in this hotel due to business conference . i be put on   floor and room be spacious and bed be a big king single with lots of pillow to select from

in the hustle and bustle of hong kong the proximity of victoria park be refreshing . photograph be however a bit deceptive , as there be a busy overpass outside the front lobby meaning that access to the park be not as straightforward as you might think from the map . taxis be cheap , but get to central hong kong be very easy either by subway   from the hotel door , or for the more adventurous take the tram which be also close by

stay there recently and it be the smallest room we have on the trip and that be an upgrade room . breakfast be pricey but we pay for the premium club which include breakfast and a late check out which be worthwhile . hotel be handy for the mtr and this be very convienient once you get your bearings . plenty of place to eat nearby

graet location really close to mtr hotel rooms be good size with a nice side harbour view   would definately stay here

the hotel be locate within the causeway bay shopping district . the mrt be also within walk distance . for someone who 's go to hk to shop and to relax , this be a great hotel

we have stay for   night in the park lane hotel in hong kong , just before we travel to bali . the travel agent have choose it and we think it would be ok , since we do n't know hong kong at all . i must say we really enjoy our stay at the park lane . we take an upgrade , to the executive suite because the the two rooms we have book be not next to eachother . the executive suite be great ! all windows look at victoria park and the skyline , even from our bathtub ! the child have their own room next to our sit room , with connect doors . this be really nice . the hotel be right at causeway bay , but we have n't be there a lot . we have do quite some sightsee , but not really next to the hotel . taxi 's be quite cheap and the subway station be very close by . we enjoy the dinner we have at the restaurant riva   floor , with a great view . the staff be very friendly too , so we have really nothing to complain about

we stay here for three night in a harbour view room which be lovely , particularly at night . the room be clean and comfortable . the staff be friendly and helpful . the hotel be in a good location , close to the very efficient mtr and all the shop of causeway bay . we only eat breakfast there which offer plenty of choice , and with a view of victoria park where the local be do tai chi . we love everything about hong kong and if we return would be happy to stay here again

stay here for   night on business

we spend   night in this hotel , want a base to explore hk island . hotel be friendly and efficient . we take up the upgrade offer on check in and get a higher room see view from photo , breakfast and broadband . loads of restaurant close to hotel . tram a short walk away to take you overground to central , ferry etc . or mtv also close if you want to stay cool

my parent and i recently have a leisure trip to hk recently , and they stay at park lane as i stay in other hotel . the rate we pay about   per night for deluxe harbour view . the room be pretty big for hongkong 's hotel . clean . complete amenities

we always stay at this hotel whenever we get the chance to visit hk . love the location ! near mall , restaurant , supermarket , and the mrt station

stay at the park lane hk for a couple of nights . the location be really great   you just go out and you 're in the middle of the shopping area , mall , etc

my boyfriend stay at this hotel for   night in mid may as a lie over from phuket

although the hotel be age albeit gracefully , there 's not much to complain about at the park lane . not in the high speed fast lane like some of those in tst which be a plus as far as i am concern , convenient to victoria park with it 's run track and open air environment , plenty of decent place around to eat or shop , a nice view of the water if you wish for that , even a real grocery supermarket nearby where you can get real life price food if you want to eat in your room . the hotel staff be attentive but not cloying . the mtr station be a few steps away from the side door . times square a couple of block away for the     shop till you droppers      what 's not to like ? the rooms be generous by hk 's micro miniature standard , and in generally good repair , but they will need a makeover before too much longer . all in all , we like the park lane and will definitely stay there again when in hk

stay here last week for   night as part of an   night trip to hongkong . the   night at parklane be for my husband to attend a work conference , corporate rate be     this be pay by my husband employer and negotiate by them . as my husband have breakfast provide for in the conference room i be able to pay     to have the buffet breakfast , this be a save as the breakfast be normally    

locate at the shopping heart and close to the metro stations , the hotel be very reasonable price and offer all require services without go overboard

we stay here with my brother and his wife , and have   adjoin rooms on the   floor . we 'd book sea view rooms and make sure at check in you specifically ask , as when i when we be check in i ask and they be put us in garden view rooms . the rooms would have be the same standard but i doubt the view would have be   it be the most amazing view . its fantastic ! you overlook victoria harbour and kowloon

i stay here for one night with family . it 's in a perfect location between the busy shopping of causeway bay and victoria park . offering a little of everything to everyone . it 's also close to a subway station so you can quickly go from the hotel to the rest of hong kong with relative ease

i have stay in the park lane hotel in hong kong many times , on both business and pleasure . it be an excellent hotel locate in the causeway bay area of hong kong . the hotel itself be quite modern , very efficiently run , and with a great staff . they be all very friendly and helpful , with a strong knowledge of hong kong   tourism activity , shopping , etc . resturants in the park lane serve both western and chjnese food . they be a real treat . also , the pub , george 's , be a gathering spot for hong kong people , and for hotel guest and others especially during the annual rugby tournament . the park lane be beside the victoria park , a great place for early morning exercise  walking , run , tai chi . also , it be close to the mtr the subway system so it be convenient to central and other district of hong kong . rates be very competitive and i consider the park lane to be one of the best values in hong kong . it have be the base hotel for my family for   or   years

i usually travel to hk       times a year on business and stay here , so when we want along weekend in hk , i get my office here to get me the corporate rate , which mean pretty reasonable value by hk standard

i have be to hong kong many times and when i could take my wife , we pick a five night stay at the park lane . my wife be blow away by hong kong , and the park lane . the rooms in the hotel be large and comfortable . the bathroom great , with large bath , and all the extra you expect . bed be large and comfortable , with huge pillows . also the park view be great watch all the going on in the park , in which you could easily spend a day in

great hotel in great location , would stay here again if i ever go back to hk . staff friendly and very helpful , rooms spacious and clean , view over the park and towards kowloon lovely . ca n't really find anything negative to say about this hotel

my parent and i stay in two connect rooms for   night and sadly , both be dirty . stain on the carpet be visible , bathroom have dim lights    the rooms just reek of dirt . for the germo phobes like me , do n't even think of walk around your room without slipper as the carpet reek of germs . it be utterly disgusting . we also book rooms on a non smoking floor but we be place on a smoking floor . que horror ! we request for an upgrade , but apparently the hotel be overbooked . hmph . and oh , the hallway and the lobby look cheap by the way

just return from a   night stay and find the hotel to be very well maintain and comfortable . complementary water every day in room , adequate complementary toiletries . i would however have expect to find toilet in the lobby for guest , if the bar be n't open you have to go to the   floor and find them next to hmv ! our only other regret be that there be no outside sit space to enjoy the view over victoria park and the harbour , and like another reviewer we miss a pool , especially as we have really good weather and would have enjoy a few hours r    r around a pool . other than that we find the staff to be friendly and very efficient , and always able to help with any question

stay here for new year and have a fab time . great room and give there be   of us we have access to the exec floor with our own breakfast area and drink in the evening together with some nibbles . overall a great experience , especially the service , and very central to the causeway bay shopping area and the harbour for trip across to kowloon

we be stay in park lane in dec   for   nights . we book through a local travel agent and get a free upgrade to deluxe harbour view room . the view from our room in level   be fantastic . we can watch ship go in and out the busy harbour . and we can see most of victoria park from our window as well , which be refresh change from building

park lane hotel be one of the most convenient place to stay in hong kong . depend on whether you walk out from its main entrance or the side door , you may end up take a stroll in victoria park or search for bargain in the heart of retail hub , causeway bay . ikea be just one floor below . a supermarket , wellcome be just two minutes walk while countless restaurant and eatery line the adjacent streets . the hotel be also very easy to reach from the airport . for those take the airport express train , a complimentary shuttle bus transport passenger from the hong kong station in central to the hotel . for those take the airbus to the city , the hotel also serve as one of the stops . the subway station be also nearby , be just a block away

this hotel have a great location but small rooms . we stay for   night last june ,   , we average about us     per night . not cheap , but the amenities inside be plentiful and the room be clean

i stay at the park lane for a business meeting for about   nights . the location be excellant when you want to be in the shopping area of hongkong . also the access to other sightsee pointsis good . rooms be spacious and clean , but service be average , especially the receptionist need hours to check in guest and check out be the same . i have not trust in fast check out which be a good decision because the bill show some irregularity and this need immediate discussions . we have be wait half an hour to check in on a satruday afternoon . have to admit , that the lobby be as crowd as a train station due to holiday season and low shopping prices . breakfast be very good and offer everything  for asian taste as well for western taste , so this be a big plus . meeting facility be good , view on the   floor be perfect . due to the fact that service and crowdedness of the hotel , i rate only average with a tendeancy to above average when it come to location and view

we stay at the park lane at the end of a tour of china with virgin holiday , therefore this hotel be choose for us . it be a great hotel , loveley rooms with good view of harbour and park , but as it be room only double check price of breakfast before agree to it . do we really pay Â £   each for breakfast ? yes we do

great location , right in the heart of one of the busy area of hong kong and across the road from the harbour

we arrive at the hotel , and the reception be great ! the guy who help us check in speak english very well , and he politely and direct the question to me and my husband . unlike at the intercontinental century chengdu

this be a really nice hotel with great staff and service , we use the trip service to book a day trip to lantau island to see the big buddha amongst other trip and they be all brilliant

i usually stay at the park lane for business . location be very convenient    free bus shuttle from the airport express ,   minute walk from the mtr , hotel be right beside a huge   hour supermarket , across a mall with dine option and toy r us a must for travel parent . it be above hmv , ikea and a lovely store , initial . walk distance from shopping mecca lcx and sogo

i have stay here several times for business over the last couple of years . they have nice meeting room space , and the rooms be reasonably priced . the hotel be in a convenient location , walk distance to many area

i have stay there for two night , and enjoy its services a lot . the stuff be nice , and patient . they take good care of your luggage when you arrive too early to check in in the morning , and when you leave too late on the day you check out . the room be spacious , as well as the bathroom . the buffet style breakfast have a lot of option , but i do not find a lot i personally liked . it do n't have a restroom on the first floor , which make it not as much convenient as you have to take the elevator to the second floor to look for a restroom

we stay for   night at the park lane on our way to bali . the hotel be overlook victoria park where you can watch the local people do tai chi in the morning . the mtr station be about a two minutes walk away and there be a starbucks around the corner which be handy for breakfast rather than pay the hotel price

park lane be at one end of hong kong island victoria park . which mean it be ideal to travel from one end to the other by walk which take approximately   hr or by tram which be only equivalent to   tram stop be really just over the road from the hotel

my family stay here from june   we have a great time . the hotel staff be great and the hotel be nice and clean . the room be be renovate , i think ? we could here something but , nothing that be bothersome . our studio rooms be nice and big with a little kitchen never use , i be on vacation   lol . although our other family who have a studio   floor up , they get a renovate one ! very nice , with a large bathroom !

would definitely stay here again . excellent location , in the middle of everything . have access to the club lounge highly recommend . very nice staff

what can i say about this hotel . amazing ! ! . the park lane be locate on hong kong island and right in the heart of the shopping and restaurant scene . as soon as you walk in you know this be class hotel . the staff be very courteous and helpful . the view from our room be just fantastic . the rooms be spacious . the pillow be very good . get ta have good pillows . the bathroom be very nice also . they have plenty of amenities and they provide free bottled water . we also have cable television and free internet connection . the park lane hotel have a free shuttle bus that take you to the main train station to get back to the airport . this be a professional and classy hotel . no complaint whatsoever . shame i be only in hong kong for   days

if you like long line then this be your hotel . we wait for about   min to check out . counter staff more interested in check guest in than out . gym sunbeds   pretty hopeless . an enquiry reveal that since it be only me complain about the old tube and thus tan power that they the gym management would do nothing until they get another complaint

we stay there from march   we have an early arrival , and they let us check in at about   which be great . we too take the mtr to hong kong and then we take the airport shuttle bus to the hotel . we have a nice room on the   floor , and we have a pretty good view of the harbour , although the smog or fog mean that the view be n't always great ! we find the location really ideal , and we would head off each day for various location , take little mini bus , to place like stanley market . the concierge be very helpful . also , at the airport you can get lots of info book about hong kong . we do n't have breakfast at the hotel , rather we go to the starbucks which be on the   floor of the building next to toy r us , which be opposite the hotel . again , everything be very convenient

positive

we stay at this hotel in feb was worry before we go on whether we have make a good choice or not but could n't of be better the location be great close to everything you want,right oppisit victoria park right next to some shopping centres time square be     minutes walk away to get a tram to the peak be only   minutes in a taxi and be so cheap the veiws be breath taking not far from the jumbo float resturant but i think it be over rated be ok if you go by yourself but we book it though a agent at the hotel and it be a set menu not the nicest i have had now our room be fantastic we upgrade to a delux park veiw big room on the   floor glass wall around the bathroom great veiw and the bed be so comfortable our only bad experience be as we choose to get engage out there,we think we would have a good meal no expense spared we go to the restrurant on the top floor of the hotel great set look over hong kong at night we spend about   pound on a meal and it be crap,i have have better fast food and i do n't eat that really was really overrated my salmon be raw and have to go back which ment we eat sepratetly to each other which annoy us,plus it just do n't taste good and the champane be horrible all in all a dissapointing evening found lots of other place to eat in time square several floor up i would stay here again its a great choice it 's just hard to get your bearing and know where the best place to go be when you be only there   days

okay go to hong kong from manila may be cheap but book at a nice hotel could be a nightmare . with hotel charge between hkd   a night , no wonder this be one of the most expensive asian city

we just go to hong kong last week   . there be   adult   child and   baby , and they get us a connect room as we requested . they have a promotion for an upgrade to a new delux room with an extra of hk     and it 's worth pay , the room be new and look spacious . very nice bathroom with the glass wall on one side . very good location    ikea just down below the hotel and toy r us just opposite hotel . causeway bay have everything you be look for food and shopping      all import brand and hk young designer ' be just few steps away , the area be so lively     many shop open until midnight . there be a big supermarket just right next to the hotel . times square be only about   min walk . along that walk , u 'll never get bore ! ! mtr be so close   and you can get to landmark in central or pacific place in admiralty within minutes . hotel food be also quite goood if you happen to get hungry and not feel like walk around . but hear from my friend that the old standard room be small and not very impressive

i have stay at the park lane many years ago and find it a great hotel . come back after probably   years , it still meet my expectation and more

we stay in hong kong on the way home from a holiday in australia . we have a room overlook victoria park and the room be very comfortable and clean . good location , god view of park and harbour . the hotel staff be very helpful and polite . enjoy a meal and breakfast in cafe one . all in all a very pleasant stay . not sure hong kong be one of our favourite place but it be an experience we would n't have miss

we be in hong kong august     for a conference and have to stay at causeway bay to be near the venue . we choose park lane as recommend by our travel agent

stay here   and have an excellent stay

we stay at the park lane for   night in the middle of august this year before head onto dubai

we stay in the hotel as a stop over before come back to the uk . we book a park view which be fantastic . overall we be impress when we first arrived . the porter take care of our bag and the service be very good . the room be spotless and luxurious too

stay here for the first four night of our honeymoon . choose to upgrade on arrival to the premium club rooms   uk pound per day  excellent value . room overlook harbour , private lounge ,

my husband and i stay at the park lane from   to   february . the lobby be nicely decorate for chinese new year . all of the staff , without exception , be super friendly . out travel agent make a mistake , so we end up have a room look out onto a back of another building . but the room itself be modern , clean with a lovely bathroom , that have a glass wall instead of be enclose

i stay at this hotel with my b friend       room   be lovely , bed so comfy , shower always have hot water ! and the room be huge , we over look the park so we have a great view to ! room be clean everyday with fresh towel leave , staff be very helpful , i e they book us a table at the jumbo resturant ! and give us any infomation we ask about regard tourist attraction food in the cafe one be lovely , perhaps a little over price for what of the buffet we eat , but if you do like lobster and sushi etc it would be well worth the money

stay at the park lane hotel for   night from   december   , on the way to oz . hotel have an excellent

i stay at the park lane for   night and those be probably the most unpleasant i have ever encounter , ever

ok . , it 's nice but kinda '

we stop in hk for two night en route to oz . the hotel be well situate and the lobby and public area be smart

i have the displeasure of stay at this horrible hotel . they have old and refurbish rooms and unfortunately i end up in one of the old rooms so this review pertains to my bad stay in this room and the bad hotel management

i hate have to write this . i be of indian origin

just return from hong kong after stay there whilst on honeymoon . we have never be before and be a bit nervous about the whole trip . after a long flight we be whisk to the hotel in a limo which take around   minutes . on arrival at the hotel we be greet with the friendliest and most curtious staff ever imaginable . the check in be bright , spacious and very friendly . the member of staff deal with us speak excellent english and give us a very warm welcome

we get a up grade to the   floor when we arrive ,asked for a non smoking room the room have be use by a smoker the room we be move to be on   floor but be ok the complaint i have be on alate flight home we have book out of our room in the morning there be no facilites for a shower later in the day we be expect to pay     to use the gym for a shower this be not accepable as all the hotel we have visit have have at least somewhere to clean up for the journey home we would not use the hotel

stay here in july on the way to australia . when we get to the hotel we be really suprised this be the cheapest of all the hotel we have book and for the money it be fantastic . on arrival we get a free upgrade on a high floor look straight over to the light of kowloon . the room be very nice and every day be clean well . the breakfast be very good and the menu food be too the location be causeway bay which be a shopping area and the shopping for woman here be amazing . just round the corner of the hotel be the underground so get anywhere be very easy . there be not too many bars about as the tax on alcohol be     steap ! ! but if you want a night on the beer go to the area lang kwai fong which be a full street of top bars and club we get very drunk on one of our night in hong kong . also taxis be cheap in hong kong a tip be to get a business card from your hotel as its name be write in english and cantonese so you can just show the taxi driver the card to avoid any confusion . use the star ferry go for one close to   o ' clock from hong kong to kowloon and see the light show for   penny , great . then go to the peninsula for cocktail or go to the temple street market or lady market

we have a great stay at the park lane hotel hk , we book through expedia and get a free upgrade onto the   floor premium club overlook victoria park . room , staff be all fabulous and we have no complaint   would recommend this hotel to anyone

stay here with virgin holiday   the hotel have no idea at check in about the free room upgrade we be mean to get as an early book discount , take   to check in ! our room be on the   floor of   overlook the park , could see some of the harbour to the far leave , but not much . have spend two week in china , this hotel be below par compare to others accross the border ! it come accross rather luxurious on the lobby floor with shop sell very expensive item jewelry   sunglasses etc . there be also a haggen dazz ice cream shop next to the side exit and a large ikea in the basement

family group travel ,we book directly online with this hotel and be give a confirmation that we would receive a deluxe room overlook the harbourand park on arrival when we book in we be give a room overlook another building and the room be only set up for a couple . it take the hotel nearly two hours to rectify the mistake and little compassion and no apology for the mistake

nice and clean rooms     very clean actually

we have the rare opportunity to stay in three different room type in this hotel ! i be there for business , and my husband come along for fun . so we start in a standard room with no view . actually , the view be an ugly courtyard with air conditioner units . but the room be fine . typical hotel room , and we do n't experience any of the noise others have encounter at the hotel . good amount of space , have a table and chair . very polite wait staff , pretty good buffet at cafe one . but the location be great . every night , we 'd wander the street of causeway bay and soak in the electric light and lively crowds . you 're close to the subway , which we take everywhere . it 's very safe and easy to use   and sooo much faster than cabs . anyways , after my work be do , we stay for the weekend and upgrade rooms to a deluxe standard with harbour city views . the city view be magnificent ! so much better than the ocean , even . and this room seem to have be recently remodeled . cool glass wall around the bathroom there be a shade if you need privacy , comfy bed , plenty of space . we do experience some noise on our last night in this room , however . we call the front desk and be inform that we be under an event room , so they upgrade us to a suite for our final night ! we move , even though we really like our room . and i must say , we prefer the deluxe room over the suite . the suite have tons of space . a separate sit area with flat screen tv . the bedroom be bigger , and there be one and half bath , a stand alone bathtub . so there be tons of room . however , it be not renovate like our previous room . there be cheap fake wood like panel and it be just not very nice . great view , but no better than our other . it be great to have the space , but unless you need it , opt for the deluxe room for the money . overall , we love the park lane and would stay again . not fancy , but very nice , terrific service , great location . oh   another tip . some korean friend of mine be visit and share a gem with us   near the hotel be a massage place call the big bucket . the hotel do n't even know it . it 's totally legit just massage and cheap . it be like     for an hour long massage . my husband have a body massage and i have a long foot massage   amazing ! great way to end a long day of shopping at the jade market

this be a great hotel to stay at . the rooms be extremely spacious , stylish and always look clean and new have be tell that this be a rarity in hk and the maid be very friendly and assist   always give us at least two bottle of spring water each day

i have be stay at park lane for many times over   years my company 's choice . certainly over   stay

first i 'll get the negative out the way   we be on the   floor with a great view but the   floor be the ballroom     every night there be something on     it be quite noisy   our room be not too bad but one couple on our party complain     be shift to another floor . so ask for a lower floor

enjoy my stay . very convenient location and causeway bay be the best

we have just return from a   night stay at the park lane , causeway bay hk . we be a family with a   month old boy . prior to book a hotel , we have certain criterion in a hotel room that we want include enough room to fit a cot and close walk distance to the mtr wife be   month pregnant . most of the hk hotel rooms be fairly small in the   star range , so we have to resort to a   star hotel

first things first , when we arrive at hong kong international airport , we go through immigration and reclaim our luggage . we head towards the train station which be very well sign posted . we eventually come to some kiosk and for about   hk   Â £   we purchase   single journey ticket to hong kong central station . after   minutes or so we board the train and within   min we reach the central station

i stay on the business floor   i think this may be necessary to avoid the congestion

stay at this hotel for one night as a stop over on our way to australia . hotel lobby be very posh and the staff be friendly . however , as this be a top notch hotel , expect better facilites re a larger lounge bar restaurant area . internet price in their business centre be a rip off , try elsewhere . our room be very nice , over look victoria park , we be 'upgraded ' to the   floor , as they be update the rooms on the   floor . the only problem i have with this hotel , be the same as one of the other review below   ie the tv noise ! there i be lie in bed with our tv on think the guy 's review below be rubbish and that he just have jet lag . well , i apologise for that , as soon as the people get back in the room next door and our tv be off , i totally agree with you ! it 's all very well have these nice plasma screen in the room , however , you would have think they would have check our how noisy they be before instal them ! my only advice therefore , be if the next room have their tv on , put yours on as well , then you be at least listen to something you want to hear ! would have be annoy if we have stay there for longer . overall , the hotel be in an excellent position . if you turn right out of the hotel and right again patterson street , there be a taxi rank , so use this instead of wait with all the business people in the queue at the hotel ! we get a taxi to the top of the peak for     hong kong dollar and then once you have come back down on the tram , be a really easy walk down to the star ferry terminal . the ferry be so cheap and easy to use , we go over to kowloon and its an excellent way of see the city . the view from the peak wasnt that good , as it be a cloudy day but well worth go up there , just for the tram ride

in genus , i rate it average . the room be clean , nice modern design with pretty cool bath room . the bed be comfy . the flat screen tv give the room more space . we upgrade the room to habour    park view . however , it be not really habour view . habour view be like on the far leave side of the window . however , it be alright since we rarely spend time in the room anyway . the only thing which so dissapointed me be the service . the staff be not very pleasent . just seem like they do n't know how to smile . they do their job correctly but i could not feel they have a service mind which i find it an important attitude of work in a hospitality industry

hotel be in a great location,room be a good size     very clean . hotel in general be excellent

me and my wife stay five night at the park lane , after reading the review i be look forward to stay there , but   in terms of especially service and facility it be pretty disappointing

