pro   value for money consider we book last minute . great location . near wan chai mtr and admiralty mtr . near wan chai night spots . clean room . helpful front desk staff

this be the second time i have stay at the wesley . the first being before the hand over in  

i stay at the wesley during this year 's hong kong   's . it be very well located . the staff a reception be helpful and the rooms sizewise be ok , though the bathroom be a bit small . the downside be the bed  wow   how hard be they . i think it 's a hong kong thing as i have experience hard bed in other hotel in hong kong , but nevertheless it be really hard . my other gripe be the noise seem the resonate up and down the corridor because the door seem to allow that . overall though , i would stay there again due to its value and location

my husband and i stay at the wesley for   night and we truly enjoy our stay . the room be nice clean and small well its hk ! the location be excellent close to pacific place   with access to admiralty mtr station exit f which links to pacific place mall shopping , cinema , eat , admiralty centre , very very convenient , the hopewell centre be   minutes away which house the   restaurant on   they do dinner and lunch buffet with fantastic view of hong kong , buffet be ok but the view be the best

i have recently stay at the wesley hotel for   week while work in hong kong . the hotel lobby have be refurbish and be very lovely with contemporary and simple design

have read an unsympathetic review we be pleasantly surprised . the room be twin bed and the bathroom well equipped . the air condition be efficient and not too fierce or noisy . the room service be excellent . the restaurant facility be not well signpost and we prepare our own breakfast in the room to our own satisfaction have buy fruit etc at a supermarket nearby . the one evening meal we have in the hotel restaurant be excellent though the communication in english be not easy . the reception staff be friendly and helpful . the situation be central and convenient but the room be nevertheless quiet . the decor be good and the reception area decor interesting

my son and i stay at the wesley for   nights . we stay in a     run of the house    room which be very tiny , however , comfortable for the two of us , we have a double bed , tv , airconditioning , it be quiet and the water flow from the shower be strong

conference happen quite frequently in hong kong , and the hotel price fluctuates greatly base on those . comparatively , wesley be reasonably price for its location and you get a clean and decent room . surely , the room be a bit small , and there be no amenities to speak off . think about this way   when you be in hong kong , it 's more likely you be go to be have fun outside and sit in your room . wesley provide you a clean and safe place to sleep

the hotel be basic , i stay here on   different trip , the last time be for   week , the room be clean twice a week , the staff be helpful , the location be exellent   hennessy road be one of the main roads and all bus and tram stop outside the hotel,plus you be in the middle of central and admiralty metro lines walking distance to lang wai fong , to the convention centre , pacific place be accross the road almost    restaurant be pure chinese food , but do n't use the laundry service       it be very expensive   use the little laundrette on anton street outisde the big door it 's quick , cheap and the lady be really friendly !

have stay here three years ago and be mildly impress , it be good to see that standard be still high . centre in the wan chai district the hotel be excellent value for hk island . the tram stop just outside the door and the mtr station be a   walk away

i stay here   night on my own and be in   different rooms . i pay about   for the entire stay , which be a phenomenal price for the location . the wesley be   minutes walk to pacific place . it be on the border of wanchai with a mcdonalds across the street . the tram stop right out in front which will get you to central in just a couple of minutes

