this be the first time i be stay in empire hotel causeway bay and i would say it turn from a fantastic first impression to a nightmare . i have stay in another hotel in the same vicinity a couple of times before but decide to stay here this time as it be a new hotel so decide to try it out

we stay there for   days we be their only for night , never use bfast or anything . but i need to say room and bathroom be very well maintain , there be lcd with few local channels n few ozi channels . it be near to tin hau metro station and very well connect to other parts . i would like to visit again   

i like thier toilet very much , it be the glass but you can turn the switch to make it blur to aviod your friend to see in . another one thing be lcd tv be very big but the room be quite i know space in hk be very expensive i can see the building of city from my room . one of modern and best hotel

after return from star aquarius cruise , we stay   night in this hotel . it be a good hotel , nice clean rooms     good service

to summarise , the empire hotel in causeway bay be an excellent   star hotel , offering extremely modern , comfortable rooms and be great value for money . it be conveniently locate just outside the causeway bay shopping district and within a few minutes â € ™ walk of the mtr tin hau station

i have be to hk several times and have always stay with relative who live across the road from this hotel and therefore familiarity of the area be one of the main reason why i choose to stay here . it be not in causeway bay however , it be a nice   walk through victoria park to reach causeway bay

i go to this hotel only   days   nights . i quite surprise to see this hotel at the first time because it 's very clean and good for travel business trip . the room be a little small but i sleep alone so it 's really fine for me . the bad thing about this hotel be no wifi and you have to pay for internet     hour . and another thing as i travel a lot

although it 's call empire hotel causeway bay , it be actually locate in tin hau , a   minute walk from the tin hau mtr station . so do n't be fool like us and get off at causeway bay station ! tin hau be a residential area with minimal restaurant     shop , in other words , not much to do . if we go to hong kong again , we will definitely choose a better location , where the hustle and bustle be so we can just walk down the street to go shopping , drink , club , food etc and not have to catch the mtr back to tin hau everyday

i stay at empire for   days in total during my trip to hong kong . i initially book only for   night and book additional   night after my stay . i be able to get it for     per night include buffet breakfast for two . great bargain for the price . the hotel be close to mtr . there be many local restaurant at the corner of the hotel . the drawback be the elevator . since there be no sign on the limit of people in the elevator , one of the two elevator be constantly out of order . i defintely will come back again

this place be great for what you pay . the hotel be less then   year old . one of the cheaper quality hotel in hk and close to subway station and other shops . the room be kinda compact but the space works and the hd lcd flat panel tv on the wall save alot of space and look great . there be a safe build into a cabinet where u set the password , very helpful as it fit my laptop and passports . the washroom have an interesting design with magic glass that can become clear or opaque with a switch . the a c be very powerful and could make the room a fridge if you wanted . the hotel be at the far end of causeway bay but there be still a   just down the road as well as a mc d . there be also a grocery store if you cross through an alley next to sanitation station across from hotel . a subway station be just   block behind hotel the transit system be great there . victoria park be also just block away . service be pretty decent , do n't really order room service but be fast checkin and out . i recommend this hotel if you want to save money and still have a decent hotel

i stay at the empire causewaya bay from   of july to   of aug , as recommend by my travel agent as the rate be interesting hkd     per nite net

we stay for   night and could have stay more . the hotel be of   * class except for the the size of the rooms . but this be hong kong ? the location be excellent , very close to the mtr , shop , resturants , and parks . there be a few quirk elevator but for the price it be excellent   we have a great breakfast at an european like place on nearby electric road and have our laundry do across from the hotel . both be very reasonable . we think about stay on nathen road and be so glad we do n't after seening it . we like this area so much better

i am stay at the hotel as i write this . i live in hongkong   years ago and have be back here frequently for business stay at most hotel that be budget priced . this be not to pan the previous reviewer but you get ta get realistic . this place be undoubtedly the best value , i still ca n't believe the price . perhaps it 's new and they be do a special . this be the only review i have ever write here and i am do it because i am compel to do it by the incredible value i have get

the good

book initially for   nites only but upon arrival decide to stay for   nites . locate a couple of block from victoria park , next to electric road which have bakery , little restaurant , laundry , etc . couple of block walk to tin hau mtr station

i second everything the previous reviewer wrote . i would always rather stay at a new or newer hotel . the hotel be almost adjacent to victoria park , which be a really relax place . the eat extends all the way east to the adjacent area of north point along both electric ave . and causeway road . it 's a very interesting area

empire hotel be a well know hong kong hotel chain but this hotel be brand new it be open less than a month when we stay there . first of all , its not in causeway bay but in the next area call tin hau . they probably call it causeway way because that 's a far more popular and marketable location . however , this hotel be not badly locate at all . its just   min walk to the tin hau mtr station which be one stop from causeway bay . the biggest bonus about the location be that its locate right in the middle of the eat street of tin hau with all sort of local , asian and foreign restaurant

