to get away from the heavily populate tourist area and stay in an area where the local live , try two macdonnell road , a quality apartment building . it 's very comfortable and smart , have great view over the botanic garden , the governor 's residence and the island 's central district to kowloon . it 's good value for money and only a   minute walk   through the garden   to central . at the end of the day it be only a hk     taxi trip from central back to two macdonnell road . the building be only about   metre to a very well stock park n'shop , make eating in easy if required . it 's not five star , but it 's pretty comfortable and a sensible choice unless you be look for real luxury at five to   times the price

travel with my wife and stay here because of recommendation from friends . staff and security people be really helpful . rooms be clean and make use of the small kitchen to make small meals . ac be a little loud , but necessary . really good place to get around

we stay here for   night in october , and it be perfect . small self cater apartment with plenty of room . clean towel and sheet every day , they even wash the dish and clean the kitchen â € “ but it still have all other services as a hotel with room service etc . very big and specious rooms especially for hong kong standard we stay in a business suite or a junior suite . but it cost less then a ordinary tiny hotel room . very easy , cheap fast access to central with taxi or free shuttle

this be a great place to stay in hong kong ! we stay in a studio apartment for   night and we enjoy use the cooking facility , which come with a microwave , stave , plate and knives . there be a supermart   min walk down and you can stock up your breakfast in the mini fridge . as we be there for holiday , we do n't make use of the shuttle bus timing be too early . instead , we take minibus   or bus   that go directly to central mtr . the bus stop be only   min away and the last bus run until midnight , so you can save on taxi fares . overall , we be happy and will definitely return to stay again when we visit hong kong

a friend of mine stay over in hk about a month before me and the hotel room he get be dreadful , his view as horrible , and the room very average . so when i go over to hk i be n't expect , much , i be quite surprise with my stay give his experience

this be our first trip to hong kong as a family of four , two adult , two child   ,   and we be pleasantly surprise with this hotel . although , i must admit it do look very different from the website picture it be renovate last year . when we arrive the service be great and the baby cot have already be set up in the room . the biggest plus be the location   we could walk pretty much everywhere we want to go or take a quick taxi ride to central mtr . the peak tram almost go past the door . a few downside   the rooms be compact but well furbish , the mattress be very hard and there be no breakfast service . there be a supermarket close by so we stock up on milk , fruit etc and breakfast goodies . it be very quiet , clean , friendly and the staff be helpful . for the price , in hong kong , we be happy . we stay   night

have see an earlier review which say it be shabby we be worry about our choice

my company put me up here on my   visit to hk , it be suppose to be a corp apartment . this place be probably liveable   years ago , but be badly in need of refurbishment

