go to the sheraton ! the w be extremly pricey for what you get . ok , there be light , decoration , nice little fabulous and gorgeous little things everywhere , but this be only shine and superficial ! not exactly what i need in an hotel . when it come to visit hong kong , you just then realise that you be lose in a mall , with poor conections to anywhere in hong kong , but the airport    if you like fancy glam unecessary things , you 'll be delight there . but if you need an hotel , go to the sheraton

i stay here just after it opened . the hotel be gorgeous , with unique , modern design everywhere ! the rooftop infinity pool be a must , as be the bliss spa even if you just go in to use the rooftop jacuzzi   what a view !

w brand be all about take the   star experience in a new trendy direction . however , w hong kong end up be a dissapointment

on previous trip to hong kong we usually stay at the sheraton on nathan road . however , on our recent visit we think we 'd try the new w hotel and stay there for   night

wonderful , fabulous , these be the names of the room types . they truly live up to these descriptions . staff could n't have be more attentive . the room have everything you could think   different preset light scemes , automate black out and shear curtain , tv in bath tub in the mirror , large rain shower , comfy bed with lots of sink in pillow

i be upgrade to the marvelous suite on check in and meet by ms . alison tai   w insider at the w hong kong . a number of staff remembers you by name such as nick the doorman and anne the waitress at the lobby lounge . this be always very comfort for those of us so frequently on the road

this be my first stay at a w hotel and i be surprise at the quality of the service , rooms , and facility at the w hong kong . the room be large with an amazing harbor view , comfortable furniture , an awesome bed , surround sound , mood light , tv in the bathroom , spa like shower , well stock minibar , electronic bedside control , the works . the hotel be a bit isolate but quiet , and right on top of a transit station and large upscale shopping mall with various restaurants . will definitely try and return book a     fabulous    room    its worth it

good service . very nice room . i have a fabulous room with harbour view . absolutely nice decor . can not afford the restaurant and spa . but it be in the same building with element shopping mall , mtr station , and airport express station . there be no problem get anywhere , shopping , and get food

this hotel be nothing short of amazing . ultra modern with a big focus on nature in the design . it 's really funky and interesting     the service be top notch . we stay in a     fantastic suite    overlook the bay . the view be stunning and the finish on everything be totally first class . we would rate this as one of the best hotel we have ever stay in . the only small grumble would be that they need to lose put a price on absolutely everything . when you 're stay in a suite , it seem very small mind to have price on things like an extra bottle of water , or have to pay to use the internet . they miss a trick here , but have say that the overall experience be unforgettable . you will not be disappoint

location   the hotel be locate in kowloon , which be across the water from downtown hk . the hotel be right above the kowloon train station , which be integrate into a clean and new underground mall with several good restaurant , shop , and a supermarket . we take the airport express train to from the airport for   pair ticket if you buy them from the customer service desk rather than the kiosk . othwerwise   per person . the trip only take   minutes and the train be very clean . temple street be about a   minute walk from the hotel . other than that , most of your site see will be on the hong kong island side , which be a quick metro ride from kowloon to hong kong

the w hotel be locate above the kowloon station off of the airport line . it 's location be super convenient for those traveler who be go there directly from the airport . when you exit the train station , take the escalator up to the elements mall , and the hotel will be right there . this location be great when you 're arrive from the airport , but it 's not very convenient to get to the main tourist areas . the hotel do have a shuttle which run from   be to   pm every   minutes on the hour . it take you to the follow location   the gateway canton road , ocean terminal , and middle road nathan road area

just finish off a trip to hk that involve a few night at the intercontinental , hyatt sha tin , and hyatt tst . w be a last night treat , and i regret not have do my entire stay there . upgrade to a harbor view room with stunning view to the west   the view be n't of the downtown , but in a way , i find it refresh to have a different perspective on the harbor . the room be perfection   most comfortable bed i have sleep on in a hotel in some time , all the technology you could want , include a very powerful sound system for those who like to really listen to music on the go . the pool be great , but the sweat facility gym , spa pool , sauna , steam be amongst the most inspire i have ever see , namely for the view

where do we start

i stay at the w for   night and love it . the hotel be very modern and well design   great light option   there be   setting depend on requirement , blackout blind , very quiet , lovely shower with rainforest shower rise in addition to hand hold option , large lcd tv screen in the room as well as one in the bathroom above the bath . the gym be very good and open   hours and they have a bliss spa which i do not get to try . while the breakfast buffet be good nice fresh juice in individual bottle , and bircher muesli in individual pot , i be surprise that there be not more choice available , but it be fine . there be complimentary wi fi in the reception lobby area . overall a great experience and i do not want to leave

when you first enter the hotel , you 'll notice that it 's very chic , very modern , very trendy . the elevator floor light up like a tv screen

great hotel although the location be not the best

in the past year , i have travel to hong kong   times and i have choose to stay at the w each time . in previous years , i have stay at the marco polo hotel , mainly bc of it 's location . but those hotel mp prince , mp hong kong and mp gateway be pretty much outdated , small , and depressing . the w hong kong be definitely sexy , hip , young and energetic

this be by far the best w hotel that i have ever stay at   everything be right , from the room , to the amenities , the view , the bar , the staff etc . what i do not like be the location     you be in kowloon   i you like be there ok .   the hotel be in the middle of no where . you have to take a taxi or tube to get anywhere but the attach shopping mall , which clearly be a pity when you be in hk with all the great place to go to     i would not go there again , but really only only because of its location , otherwise love it

the most modern hotel i have ever seen . electronics , metal , industrial . upgrade as a platinum to a suite , wonderful design elements , full size bliss products . give   checkout without a fuss

the rooms be beautifully decorate and the service be impeccable . the staff be super helpful and friendly . the hotel provide a one way free shuttle to several stop in kowloon . i be expect a shuttle bus , and be shock to find that the     shuttle    be actually an audi suv . the shuttle be very convenient since the w hotel be not locate as conveniently to mtr stations . it 's connect to the kowloon aiport express station which be awesome , but if you want to go to kowloon use mtr , you have to make some connection and walk quite a bit through the mtr station . it 's much easier to take taxis to from the hotel

we stay at the w at the end of our trip around asia . we book a non smoking room and on check in we be tell we have a smoking room ! we be tell to go to the bar and but ourselves a drink while they sort out another room . i be n't impress by this but do n't want to start off complaining . we then finally get our room after   or so . we also ask about a package that you can add at book to your room . which include champagne , chocolate etc . staff do n't have a clue what we be talk about and take quite some time to sort it out

well have stay there find all the review about the wow aspect absolutely correct but find absolutely no evidence of the casual service . from the minute we arrive find the service impeccable

i arrive at the w hong kong by train from the airport   it 's in the same building as the station , just two floor up , together with the brand new elements shopping mall . the mrt station be also in house , so transport wise , the w get two thumb up

absolutely amazing hotel . and , while you pay for it , it 's still just the most incredible place and with sensational service . we take a cool corner room with an adjoin wonderful room for our daughter which be the perfect set up . we feel safe know we be together , but she have her own privacy

we have just finish our asian tour of cambodia , vietnam and decide to treat ourselves to a nice hotel in hong kong on our last day before return to europe . we arrive at the hotel the check in and service be okay . get our room as request on a high floor with an incredible view of the harbour . the room be nicely do bathrobes , great toiletry from the bliss spa and it have all kind of gadget for light of the room , mood , music from your ipod and movie etc . the bar be fully stock with chanpange , chocolate , and treat at a very nice price ! we go to the pool on the top floor it be incredible with the view and you sit in a glass jacuzzi overlook the harbour at sunset with infinity pool , the sauna have the same vie on the floor below at night you could sit there and watch the full moon . the bed be very comfortable and sunday brunch be incredible too . we meet friend in the bar of the hotel which be nicely do and the entire stay be a w experience ! of course the hotel be new and hopefully they keep up with their service and style . nice and trendy but , on the expensive side so if you be look to splurge and treat yourself then go for it

we book w hotel because of the feedback on tripadvisor a few month before our trip . we normally stay in hotel nearer the ocean terminal area . i be surprise to find out that w be actually in the new elements mall , quite a distance from ocean terminal

stay at the w with our two children . really cool design , great rooms , and superb food in the kitchen . service be very good overall

i can only describe this hotel with one word    great ! great location as it 's just above the mtr station . great room as it 's very spacious and my room be overlook the harbour . great service , great food                                    

do n't get me wrong . i love the flashy entrance , the glitzy lobby   ambient light shift lift with non stop dj spin music . but after awhile   it do get quite much . especially when you be pay close to  

i have have the fortune of stay in a wide variety of hotel but must say that the w hong kong be easily the most memorable . set atop a new development in west kowloon , the hotel offer a premium service , comfortable live and convenience , all within the modern and well appointed design typical of a w hotel . when i arrive , i be immediately strike by how funky the interior be but it still provide comfortable surroundings . the rooms themselves be beautifully furnish with quality upholstery and the bed be very comfortable to sleep in . the bathroom house a huge tub with tv , and be tile in dark stone with interesting lighting . if you like modern design , the w will not disappoint and you will appreciate the high attention to detail such as the slide mirror cover over the television , pattern wallpaper and open top drink cabinet

although kowloon be n't my favorite part of hong kong , i really like the location of the w . common area be very cool , the room be excellent and the view be awesome

this place be easily the most memorable and controversial hotel , i have ever stay in . the room be the best . we love everything from the shower to the light to the hide flat screen and view . it 's like a heavenly oasis from the hectic , crowd hong kong streets . we have daily breakfast in     the kitchen    and it be top notch . the drink in     the live room    be perfect . the pool and spa area be breathtaking . we think the service be excellent throughout the hotel and adjoin properties . there 's a huge outdoor terrace area with several restaurant above the mall that be excellent . we eat at   different place and they be all very good . this type of huge open peaceful space be not easy to find in hong kong

this hotel be drop dead gorgeous from the elevator to the rooms . it have the look of a modern hip bar  art museum which make us feel slightly embarrass when we pass through the lobby with our   old . although my son do n't feel it at all and walk around feeling very at home . in fact , he say it 's the best hotel ever stay in quite a few and keep ask when we 're come back . we think this be largely due to the tv in the bathtub which be a dream come true for him . staff be very friendly anyway but not intrusive

w hong kong be a wonderful property , i stay with my husband and one year old . the view be fabulous , the bar   restaurant be superb and we stay in a corner room , very spacious and very easy to access kowloon mtr station which be just under the hotel and elements , a fab shopping complex

the room be ok . clean and hi end

i hate to write a poor review for a starwood hotel since i own a little stock in the company , but this hotel be pure disappointment . while it be nice and modern and rooms be nice and comfortable , the service here be terrible . this stem from the top down as the management of this hotel be incompetent . i try email and call the general manager and marketing folks to ask a few question and discuss a corporate issue and they do not respond and when do be abrasive . this then filter down to the rest of the staff who generally act bother when answer any question or help guests . i have stay at over   hotel brand in hong kong and travel frequently in the region and this be the worst hotel experience i have had . the hotel staff seem to like to make argument and challenge you when ask simple questions . in addition , the location be a bit seclude , away from the main area in kowloon and part of a new shopping complex that be far from hong kong island . the view be also not pleasant , as it do not overlook the skyline of hk or harbour view like most all other hotel in the area . it overlook the ship area . all in all , stay away from this property . you will have a much better experience at any other hotel in similar price range

now this be my type of a hotel . modern and fun ! ! ! the rooms be great , with every gadget you can think of . there be a pool on the   floor overlook the city . oh and ofcourse the w beds . i just love it

we recently stay at w for a long weekend . i absolutely agree with the previous person 's vanderbilt review . whilst the room at w be no doubt very cool , contemporary and new , but their service really sucks . the staff be cold and apathetic , their attitude be as if they do n't really care . if all they want be to make a salary and do not really have passion about deliver hospitality or care about guest services , then they should not be working in the hotel industry ! ! the staff at w need to take a serious lesson from the attitude of hotel staff work in thailand or japan who really take pride in what they do

stay there with my wife while attend a conference at the sheraton next to the peninsula and really enjoy the uber cool atmosphere and decor . service be fantastic and brekfast buffet one of the best i have seen . really love it overall , but the only negative be that it be a long half an hour walk to the main shooping and restaurant area in tsim sha tsui . close enough though if you enjoy a brisk walk and plenty of market etc   close by . on top of a well appoint shopping centre also and only a few dollar in a cab to get anywhere , so no bug deal . would stay there again for sure

what be to be say have be said . w be still impeccable in terms of service and room facilities   we return for a   stay and be thrill to bit that   of the staff namely alex at check in counter and patrick at the ground level counter actually remember us . we be warmly greet and feel like a great homecoming . every time we leave from or return to the hotel , the staff would ask if we need any thing or if our day go well . we like the personal touch and the hospitality we so often receive everyone single staff we encounter be only too eager to offer their service and kind

i love this hotel , contemporary lift lobby , front desk and room . people be all nice

yes , the w be cool

stay at the w hotel on austin road in kowloon for   night ,   days in may of   and be as amaze at the start of the stay as i be at the end

my friend and i recently stay at the w hong kong for   night in early may . we be blow away by the sheer coolness of the new hotel . we arrive via the airport express train that literally drop you off in a building that connects to the w . it be a short elevator ride and walk to the w from the train . the w staff that greet us be very friendly and take our luggage right away . we be show to probably the coolest elevator i have ever be on neon light in the floor , mirror ceiling , and a view to kill , that take us straight up to the w lobby . check in be a breeze and we be show to our room on the   floor .   minutes later our bag arrive

just recently stay for hofex the hospitality expo

i have very high hope for the w hotel   hopes that be immediately dash upon check in . check in be on the   floor be difficult to find . we go to the only desk that be immediately visible from the elevator . after watch two worker have a long and lazy conversation , one of them turn to me and say ,     i be the concierge . you do n't check in with me     so , off to another line

new hotel in the recently open west kowloon business district . right above the kowloon station on the airport express and mtr lines . attach to the elements mall

we have request an early check in . we call the hotel in the morning of our visit and the staff say they will clean the room as soon as the previous guest leave at around noon

my husband and i stay at the w on our recent trip in hong kong . it be undoubtedly the edgiest and most stylish hotel we have ever stay in . careful attention be pay to every detail of this hotel , both aesthetic and service wise . the hotel even have a signature smell

we just have a fantastic stay at the w hotel in hong kong . i do have to overcome some slight reservation about be on the kowloon side rather than on the 'island ' but in actual fact the hotel more than make up for the location , i discover the delight of the harbour shopping centre and get onto the island be a lot easier that i have anticipate

well , room i have be fantastic suite and then at   be move to marvelous suite . however both room be nice that the only thing i be choose to stay here . room clean and all staff at front door be super nice and helpful . welcome desk front staff be nice but not all . ethan and another lady ca n't remember really nice

we stay there for   nights . the room be     a suit with a king bed very confortable , a live room area with plenty of room we entertain a total of   people at least three times , a tropical rain shower that hit you very hard a tv in the shower if you can believe it ! . we have breakfast every morning at the kitchen buffet . excellent coffee ! we also visit the spa   floor at least three times . i get a full body massage the best ever . the hotel be next to elements mall so you have easy access to shopping . there be never a shortage of taxis in front of the hotel if you need a fast ride to hong kong since the hotel be in kowloon

even if your do business on hk island , w be so easy to get to ! and its worth it ! ! everyone at w hong kong be   * . we fall in love with the restaurant     kitchen    so we have never make it to     fire    but im sure its just as wonderful . please do yourself a favor     indulge in the w hong kong   amazing bed , tv 's above the bathtub , great view and attach to elements mall and easy to the airport express     convention center     and yes your in kowloon    do it you wont be sorry ! !

i stay in the w for   night recently whilst in hk for the   's . i agree with other reviewer that the hotel could not be easier to get to from hk with a short hop on the airport express and then a well signpost stroll through the elements shopping mall

i stay at the w hong kong begin of march for   night and i can say wow . the nicest and most trendy hotel , i ever stay in . everything be so hip and fashion , the amazing swim pool on the   floor , the elevator , the very good breakfast buffet in the restaurant a bit pricy but good quality , the lobby , wow . otherwise , the hotel be connect with the nice shopping mall 'elements ' which be connect with the subway + train to the airport , very convenient . the little problem be that the hotel be in kowloon a bit far from everything . otherwise , wow ! i suggest this hotel for people who love trendy and design hotel

we stay here on our way to vietnam . a perfect hotel for airport access . we have a corner room with a great view . love the bathroom and the electronic blind in the bedroom . great bed . great bedding . we just feel pampered . w hotel seem to know how to provide super cool hotel that be also super luxurious . everything be of the best quality . all the staff be wonderful and could not have be any more helpful

i book our room through my travel agent . i do n't know what to expect as i have just see picture of the hotel from belle australian interior design magazine while renovate our new home . we go to hongkong   times a year . mainly for relaxation     some shopping

have stay at the w in maldives , we have high expectations . the w be very easily accessible from the airport , which be a plus , overlook what i think be hong kong 's best mall and be repute to have some amazing rooms

firstly , it could not be easier to get to   the second stop on the fast train from the airport be kawloon . the hotel be literally above the station actually , there be a big shopping mall between . a couple of lift change and you be in this excellent art hotel . for those who appreciate modern design , this be a fab place . they have their own language too . its all aspirational . the rooms have state of the art technology , great bed and bathrooms . the pool be open air and on the   floor . for the money , this be a great stay

love , love , love the w hong kong ! i already be die to go back . like others have say , this be certainly a trendy , ultra high tech , modern hotel . i have to call down to the front desk to ask how to turn on the tv turn out you have to slide over a glass panel first   ha ! i would hardly call this a     negative    though

it be our first time to stay at w hotel hongkong and we be very impressed . we take the train from disneyland and get there wasnt a problem at all . the location be very convenient as it be attach to the elements shopping mall and the airport express line be right at kowloon station . the hotel have a complimentary shuttle every   min and it be just a quick   minute drive to canton road where all brand can be found . the room amenities be quite interesting with all the gadget to make you feel comfortable   automated curtains blinds , ipod dock station , dvd player , a tv at the bath tub area , etc . the bed be heavenly ! i love their complimentary tea as well . the toiletry be usable and of good quality . buffet breakfast be like a treasure hunt because of the way food be present so we have fun . fresh fruit juice be the best as well as the different kind of berry in their spread . my niece enjoy the yoghurt station where they mix fresh fruit and yogurt on a freeze marble slab like coldstone 's . in general , food be very healthy gourmet type . most of their restaurant be very hip and not very suitable if you have young kid but other place to eat can be find at elements mall . checking out be a breeze so even if we be on a hurry it not add up to the stress

the room have every amenity you can imagine include ipod dock , flat screen tv with lots of western tv channels , automate curtain and a control panel right next to the bed . the bed be the most comfortable bed i have ever stay in   it be hard to get up in the morning ! great view of the harbor . the only drawback be the hotel be locate above a mall and you be a little remove from the hussle and bussle of kowloon . however , the airport train station be literally walk distance from the hotel which be very convenient . the infinity pool on the room be breathtaking and the gym be one of the best i have use

pro     cons  as many w 's as a platiunum spg , not get any special treatment upgrade

just return from my first trip to hong kong . we stay at the w hotel for almost   weeks . overall our stay be pleasant but with a few bump

stay there for a weekend end of feb .   have travel to hk for   years . i would not recommend this hotel if this be your first trip to hong kong . the location be not great . too far to walk to a star ferry pier , so you need a taxi each time . plus , you don ¬ ¥ t feel the vibe of hong kong in this newly develop shopping mall in west kowloon

we stay for   night at w hotel this week . it be such a great experience ! i email them previously and give them a long list of things i need for my baby    baby bathtub , crib , bottle sterilizer , baby food warmer , volt regulator for my breastpump which be   , connect rooms , etc . and they say they will take care of all of it    and they do

stay here right after this new hotel opened . very conveniently locate connect to the mall and to the express train to the airport . the room be very modern , with very hip design . pretty much everyting in the room can be remote controlled . we have a room with a view of the harbor . the staff be very firendly

best hotel ever stay in anywhere in world so far . cool design feature , interior and furnishing , it feel like live in a wallpaper magazine . great service especially the     whenever whatever concierge    . fabulous swim pool and spa

this hotel be one of the most well design hotel , that we have ever stay at and the overall experience be very good

we stay here in late january and enjoy it immensely . we feel the highlight be the attentive and friendly staff combine with a super comfortable room

boyfriend and i stay at the w hk for   night on our way back from nz to london in early jan  

i arrive in the evening of january   , without expect a lot from the place where i have to stay for   night

the only imaginable negative would be     too trendy    feeling for some clientele . the rooms be amazing , hotel amazing , decor , service , all that    we actually leave the mandarin excelsior after   night b c it be pretty disappointing and come here for next   our group probably mention   what a great move it was . in the process someone lose a bag with passport and the concierge spend the next   days proactively try to find it , and finally tracking it down right after before printing out all the new passport form and make appointment with the embassy

if only w hotel spend a little less effort get wallpaper magazine to notice them and more effort on give people what they want , they 'd be better off . until then , it 's more poseur city , more too cool for you , more be thankful you 're allow to stay somewhere so     hip    and the quotation mark be there for a reason

unbeatable hotel

beautiful hotel , super friendly and helpful staff . we stay in a fabulous room which be a little more spacious but i would say all the rooms be definitely   star quality . there be button for every shade of light , curtain , blind etc which take a little while to figure but we love it . shame it be a little too cool to use the pool as it look stunning

despite the gush review , my own opinion be that the w be a nice facility that overdo the ‚ Ä ú coolness ‚ Ä ù factor at the expense of practicality with service that ‚ Ä ô s friendly but not yet up to top level hong kong standards . the rooms occupy the   through   floor , with the lobby on the   floor and the ground floor have the drive up lobby and access to the elements shopping mall . there be two set of elevator , one run between the ground level and lobby and the other set between the lobby and the guest rooms . this mean you have to use two elevator when leave the hotel or returning . on the guest room floor , the elevator button be disguise in a bookcase wall decoration and hard to find . two elevator also go up to the   floor where the pool be , and we find that sometimes those elevator would not stop at the guest room floor ‚ Ä ì so we end up avoid those elevators . as note by others , check in during peak afternoon hours be inefficient , with some wait while the front desk check available rooms . we reject the first room offer as it have a faint reek of cigarette smoke even though it be on a no smoking floor . the replacement room be not ready so we be tell to return   hours later at   we do , but it take a   hour at the front desk to verify that our room be ready . when our bag do not arrive we have to call , after which they arrive promptly

stay here for   days at end of year in fabulous room . bed very comfortable . fantastic walk in shower and very nice bliss toiletry

the w hong kong be a mix bag . while it 's a very , very nice hotel , it 's a property that appeal to a narrow demographic . you definitely have to think of yourself as a     swinger    if you 're go to stay at a w , and the w hong kong epitomize the brand . w definitely appeal to a young clientele , and it 's difficult to feel comfortable at a w if you do n't fit the target audience . it do not pull off effortless luxury like the inter continental or the peninsula . the w be definitely try and in my opinion try too hard to be hip and fashionable

my buddy be meeting me there fly in from toronto and be check in before me . they mess up the rooms , give him attitude yadda , yadda   you all know the drill       i call from the departure lounge airport at manila airport and speak to the manager and ask them to give me the corner harbour view room like i have booked  get this room type also !

i stay at the w hong kong hotel with my wife for   night include new year ¬ ¥ s eve   the whole stay be an outstanding experience for us . for business purpose i ¬ ¥ have see so many hotel in this price range already all over the world   but the w hong kong be really a very genial surprise ! the hotel have a very young and fancy style   everything be extremly new and clean . staff experience be over average . at   in the morning we ask the room service to bring ice to our room which arrive at our room less than   minutes later . everyone be extremly helpful and smiling . the concierge     whatever whenever    service organize us a table for new year ¬ ¥ s eve dinner at the top of the sheration hotel the oyster and wine bar with an impressive view to hong kong island on really short notice as we only arrive in hong kong at the   and didn ¬ ¥ t make any reservation before we leave germany    the whatever whenever service really care for all our wish and remember our demand and hotel history during the whole stay   from check in till check out . the hotel have a top level pool area on the   floor with an impressive view to hong kong island and victoria harbor . the location be not really central but you can easily go to the main site in kowloon with the free hotel bus shuttle and also use the mtr subway ! advise   don ¬ ¥ t take a taxi for your way from the airport to the hotel   buy a mtr tourist ticket . the price be way less than the taxi ride and include   days free mtr subway usage . the mtr subway station be directly under the hotel   so subway use be very convenient . the ride on mtr airport express from airport to the w hotel kowloon station take you about   minutes only . also hong kong taxis ride usually become a smelly experience    the mtr be clean and very comfortable

i stay at the w hong kong for   night overt he christmas new year period and be very satisfied . excellent design , great view of victoria harbour and hong kong island and great location

there be a serious customer service relate problem at this hotel . the attitude of the staff at this hotel be not indifferent , it be hostile and incredibly rude

w hotel be often note for their spectacular set and decor . for that i give them a ok rating . i have be to most of the w hotel in the world . but to my surprise the w hotel hong kong fall short of quality . when stumble and checking into the w hotel after a macau   hour gambling binge , i want to take a much need warm shower and wash off . to my surprise , cold water ! now usually this be abnormal for a hotel of this nature . so i think i 'd keep the water on for a few minutes to see whether if the water would get at least warm . no dice

i stay at the w hong kong for   night in december   and thoroughly enjoy my stay . the staff be probably the friendliest that i have encounter in any hotel in hong kong , less reserve and more chatty than in most other hong kong hotel as you might expect from a us chain

i do love w hotel   and i have to say that the w hong kong together with the w seoul be a w at its best

we spend two night at the w hongkong in november  

the newly open w in hong kong be certainly a feast for the senses . the interior design be striking , with the signature quirkiness of the w chain

my husband and i usually stay at the four season in central whenever we go to hong kong . but this time we decide to try the new w hotel . what a great surprise ! rooms be not as big as the   season but still very good size . interior decor be very modern , sleek as you expect a w hotel should be . staff be very attentive but some of them be bit lack of experience compare to the staff at the   season . but overall experience be great . i will definitely stay there again

decide to give the w hotel a try   i try to stay there in sept when they just open the hotel for the soft open , but there be no smoking room available   so i end up stay at the sheraton instead

ca n't add much to the other positive reveiws other than to say that , although they 're still in the soft open phase so they should be switch on the staff have really get it right . a good mixture of friendly and familiar

w hong kong be like hong kong city   amazing and convenient

easy access from airport on airport express . on leave , hk check in avilable at select subway stations . seamless

we spend   night at the w pre cruise first week of oct . arrive at the airport and be tell that w be the easiest hotel to get to from the airport . we take the express train and get off at the kowloon station . we be tell the hotel be above the station , but because of poor signage , it be not easy to find . many we question not familiar with the property , because it be very new . after ask for direction , we finally reach the front entrance , then have to take an elevator to the lobby

we stay for   night at the w in mid october and totally love it . we really like     the staff   very friendly and helpful , much more so than your usual north american hotel .   the room   clean,new,modern , the   sound surround system and     flatscreen hide behind the mirror , tv behind the glass in the bathtub,double sink

i stay at the w in hong kong shortly after it opened . i be excite because i typically love w hotel   especially the new ones . i book one of the fabulous rooms with the     full harbor view    and be disappoint to discover that you do n't get the typical     million dollar view    you want in a kowloon hotel the view of downtown hk but instead a view of a side of the harbor with a bunch of nasty cargo ship park in it !     so sad , since the only reason to stay in kowloon be for the view

i stay at the w hong kong for   nights . first impression of the w be that it be futuristic and i live in tokyo . a little overwhelming at times . the tv be hide behind a glass mirrror , the gadget on the desk be a kalidescope , and the phone   well , just dial   ' if you ca n't figure out the computer screen

wow wow wow this be the most beautiful hotel i have ever stay in . everything be brand new and high tech the staff just fall all over you and the pool on the rooftop after a long flight just make it all perfect

just get back from a   night stay at the w    and i have to say that both the room and the service be exceptional . it be pricey , but be n't that what you 'd expect from a w

and i do mean wow from the electric window shades to the above and beyond customer service . this be a very high tech modern hotel . the light designer deserve an a + . i want the name of that designer ! !

brand new and the first hotel to open in the area with ritz carlton come in in   , this latest luxury hotel be hong kong , is    well , try to be cool

we have the wonderful chance of stay   night in a corner room in the newly build w hk

