go there for an overnight trip and find out that while the room be clean it be small . the slide glass window open up to a balcony that be small and have a small table and   chair on it . this make it hard to do anything except sit down and try to enjoy the view

we stay in the warwick hotel at the end of october . there be   of us sharing the room and the bed    adult and   small kids . the bed be a little small to have so many inhabitant but the room be clean , the bathroom be clean

we come back here a year after discover it by accident and stay a fortnight . cheung chau pop .   be like the world should be   a genuine village with people who smile and fit you into their life without suspicion or hostility . the warwick be the only true hotel on the island and in true colonial style be a bit fade , but the staff be local as be most of the people in the restaurant . wifi in the lobby . immaculate therapeutic massage . and here 's the big surprise for all you   owner   not a single car on the island except police , fire , ambulance . for the paranoid western traveller the hotel be next door to a hospital and the police station . clean , safe , endlessly fascinating .     we 'll be back     and 'yes , we can   

yes , ok , the rooms be a bit oldie but what a location ! we do n't have the chance to have our diner there but it look like a lot of family go to the warwick only to get their dim sun week end lunch , very nice . you must absolutely get the breakfast serve in your room , with the balcony and the sea view , just marvelous

we arrive here after a week at langham place mong kok and be truly under no illusion   we know it have that   's vibe from the info and pic and be not expect luxury . the hotel cater mainly for hong kong people come over for function and the weekend   there be no special treatment for us as uk tourist and we get the feeling that , although civil , staff could take or leave our business ! stay there be a bit like stay at someone el large house   there be a reluctant politeness from everyone we encounter

we be somewhat hesitant to choose a hotel at some distance from downtown , but this turn out to be an excellent choice . the price be great for a   hotel and the rooms , at least on our floor   have be recently renovate and be spotless . our room be big enough to acommodate a mattress for our young daughter . the staff be very helpful and provide us with a free upgrade to an oceanview room , since it be the off season , thus give us the sound of the wave to lull us to sleep . the island itself be charming , with lots of cheap eatery and small supermarkets . with no car , bus or motorcycle , walk be a real pleasure . the trip to central on hong kong island be a relax way to start and end the day   it take   minutes , depend on if you arrive for a fast or slow ferry . we never have to wait more than   minutes and the     octopus    card make pay a simple click on the turnstile . on balance , a very good value hotel although the price increase significantly during the peak season with easy access to all of hong kong 's attraction

my first night in hong kong i stay at the renaissance harbourview , a typical   business hotel . it be quite a shock when my business contact take me to the warwick hotel on cheung chau for the remain   days . cheung chau be a small island hide from typical visitor   this be not the hong kong you see in the brochures . it have a feel of mainland china with the add quirk of be home to several excentric expats . the pace be very relax , with no car on the island although there be a little ambulance that look like a really old golf cart on steroids . the warwick be a leasurely   minute walk from the ferry . english be not widely speak but the local be very friendly and will try to help

