we have a   stay at this hotel . bed be really hard and quite uncomfortble to sleep on during the first   nights . but we get use with it after those first night

stay for one night at this hotel part of a pre booked tour so do n't know room rate pay . it 's in a small street in kowloon near temple street night market . i 'd be warn that chinese bed be much harder than western one but the one and this hotel be the worst in my one month tour of china include in monastery stay and 'hard sleeper ' train bunk during the trip . luckily i 'd bring an airbed though so at least do n't have to suffer like the other tour members . hotel do n't have an food on offer that i could see , but do have free internet . there be lots of cheap restaurant around . we eat a couple of times at the nearby man lee restaurant for about   per person   but we need our chinese guide to translate . the air con in our room be too powerful even at low set make the room far too cold . rooms be small and have very basic furnishing with no real view to speak of . could be a good option if you can get a very cheap room rate

amidst the rustic and messy kowloon street outlook , west hotel suprisingly have get some good comfort with its new interiors . though a small slender hotel that rise   storey high with small room space , it 's really a good fitting for those new to hong kong

we worry about some of the other review complain about the street this hotel be in . on the contrary , we note that it be near one of the liveliest area of kowloon . temple st market and restaurant area be nearby and it be about a   min walk to the fancy shop near the star ferry . the hotel have nearly   floor and the better view be naturally from the higher rooms â € ¦ try to get one if you can . unfortunately we be assign a smoking room which we detest , however on request we be shift to a non smoking floor at a higher level , without complaint from the staff . the rooms be clean and comfortable but a little small . free internet access be very welcome

west hotel  

