the hotel be the cheapest among those list by the airline for our package tour . actually , i be a bit disappoint at first but then realize that the hotel be conveniently locate near the mongkok area where cheap good abound

this hotel be great for anyone on a budget . though , the rooms be small and the bathroom be tiny . if you be just look for a place to sleep , and you be off the next day to explore hong kong 's sights , this could be the hotel for you . the hotel be conveniently locate close enough for a short   minute walk to the subway too . i recommend this hotel if you be prefer a place that be very simple and basic

i book this hotel with philippine airline for july   to july   ,     nites think this hotel will be average since this hotel be endorse by pal as three star hotel . we stay for one nite in room   but have to transfer to another hotel due to poor hotel condition but we be not able to make any refund . just imagine the gap between two single bed be the size of my one leg and no space in the other side of both bed as show in the photo below . my estimate of the size of the single bed be no more than   inch in width which make our back ache . in my opinion , this hotel be not even a one star hotel and worse than an apartelle . worst of all , i write philippine airline right after our trip for them to conduct an occular inspection of the hotel facility and change the star rating of wing sing hotel from their website so that the public will not be mislead by their wrong publicity but no action be taken . i recently see that cebu pacific be also endorse this hotel

me and my boyfriend stay at wing for two nights we cant stand the room because its very small,we can hardly move,although the bathroom be clean on the other hand,the venue be very accessible to all the tourist spots,just one ride of the mtr to monkok shopping area tsim sha tsui,disneyland , ocean park and many others just outside of the hotel have lots of restaurants,and also convert into a shopping area at night   flight

me and my husband stay there for   days . the room be small yet clean . . the hotel staff be ok . they entertain us well . tha place be locate at the heart of kowloon where you can see a lot of bargain item just outside the hotel    the hotel be just affordable for those people who be on a tight budget and convinient place to stay

i stay at wing hotel rm   be so shock when i see the bathroom . veryyyyyy dirttyyyyyyyy    and the blacket so itchy then i call the housekeep to clean the bathroom,still dirty . i suggest if you like to stay at budget hotel bridal tea house yaumatei be much better

